to his memory. "I don't know if you have been told this before coming here, but the Imperial Production Guild has temporarily designated me as the leader for the upcoming expedition into the inheritance," said Hal not long after. "However, as I've mentioned, this position of mine is only temporary. The true leader for the upcoming inheritance shall instead be revealed once we assess each other's combat skills." "As the temporary leader of the group, I suggest each of us have a one-on-one fight against each other, making sure that each person would remember the strengths of the members they'll be working with," he continued, prompting Loreina and Valyr to nod in agreement. "With that, I would also like to suggest the two sides fighting to introduce their specialties to the other side before the fight begins." "Faulus, how about you go first?" Just as the young alchemist was about to voice a complaint at how the leader position was going to be assessed through combat strength, Hal had forced him to leave this complaint stuck in the back of his throat as he appeared somewhat stupefied. "Me?" Pointing at himself, Faulus gradually stood up from his seat as Hal nodded in response to his question. "Feel free to request who you would like to fight against." Sitting down once more, Hal moved the spotlight towards Faulus, causing the latter to look at the three as he took in a deep breath. "Since that's the case, I would like to fight against…" Calmly assessing his chances of winning against his opponent, Faulus eventually focused his attention on a certain man, hoping in the back of his mind that his hunch wasn't wrong. "Ylvar." Chapter 500: Magic Vs Magic "How surprising." Hearing the choice Faulus made as his opponent for the one-on-one fight, a smile appeared on Valyr's lips, his expression that of amusement. "Are you sure you want to fight against Ylvar?" As for Loreina and Hal, the two of them looked at each other for a bit as Hal asked this question, only to glance in Valyr's direction not long after as they felt a bit of concern. In their eyes, it seemed unfair for Faulus to have chosen Ylvar, who had only risen up to fame quite recently. After all, the three of them had already been well-known by people for quite a long time already. With that, they could not help but feel like Faulus was bullying the "newcomer" of their group. "I am more than certain." Responding to Hal's question, Faulus then spared a glance towards Valyr, noticing the amused expression on the latter's face. Seeing this, the man felt a bit of unease, causing him to go over his train of thought from earlier. 'Out of the four of us, Hal is the strongest when it comes to combat,' thought Faulus to himself. 'On the other hand, I am the weakest when it comes to combat, considering that I've also heard of Loreina achieving feats related to combat in the past.' 'With that, the only person among the group that I have no clue on their combat strength is Ylvar,' he continued going through his train of thought, remaining standing in place. 'Of course, that was resolved after he had punched me in the stomach, prompting me to think that he might also be stronger than me.' 'However, the part that I am not certain about is whether or not he's stronger than Loreina.' As the man had gotten to this part of his train of thought, Hal looked at Valyr and asked if he was fine with the arrangement, to which the latter responded that he had no problem with it. 'But… it would be quite disgraceful for me to hit a woman, especially if it's someone I helped out in the past.' Steeling his resolve in fighting Valyr, Faulus took in a deep breath as he watched Valyr stand up and head towards the center of the crater. Letting out a long, drawn-out sigh, he then made his way to the center of the crater as well, standing a few meters away from his opponent. "As I've mentioned earlier, the two sides shall introduce their specialties to one another before the fight begins." Seeing as the first two combatants for the tournament were already in place, Hal's voice soon echoed throughout the area, carrying with it an aura of authority. "Would you like to go first?" Looking at the young man before him, Valyr noticed that Faulus was looking at him with a slightly condescending gaze. "How about you go first?" However, in actuality, the condescending gaze Faulus threw at Valyr was nothing more than a facade. If anything, the current situation made him feel quite nervous in his capabilities, prompting him to wonder once more if he had made the right choice in making an enemy out of the young man before him. "I insist you go first." Of course, Valyr was oblivious towards the man's real emotions, instead choosing to think that his opponent still bore a grudge towards the action he had done earlier. "Alright." Letting out a faint sigh as he tried his best to suppress the quivering of his body, Faulus began to talk about his specialties as he felt like the two of them would've continuously suggested the other side to go first if none of them took the initiative. "Faulus Erlenmeyer. My specialties mostly revolve around alchemy," said the young man. After that, he looked at Hal, who looked back at him before nodding. "As for my specialties in combat, they all mostly revolve around magic." "Now your turn." Passing the baton to Valyr, Faulus took a few deep breaths as he prepared his mind and his body for what was about to come. "The name is Ylvar." Nodding in response, Valyr began to speak. "As I represent the Blacksmith Guild, it makes sense that my specialties mostly revolve around forging." "As for my combat specialties… I guess I'll go with magic as well." At these words, Valyr flashed a playful grin. "What's with the spear on your back, then?" Feeling a bit more at ease compared to earlier, Faulus pointed at the blood red spear behind Valyr's back, prompting Loreina and Hal to perk up their ears as they were curious as well. "Oh. I dabble in a bit of spearmanship on the side, but not to the point that I would consider it a specialty." In response, Valyr gave them an answer that more or less made sense in their minds. "As to why it's affixed to my back… well, it's probably the best piece of equipment I've ever forged so far… aside from that one artifact, of course." "Is that so?" Though he still held doubts towards Valyr's claim of only dabbling a bit in the world of spearmanship, Faulus decided to believe in his gut instinct that the man wouldn't use underhanded tactics during a fight like this. With that, he took a few steps back before taking on a battle stance. "Shall we begin, then?" Asking this question, Faulus looked at his opponent with a calm expression, his hands now glowing a faint cyan. "All of us would be here for a while if we didn't." Letting out a chuckle as he nodded, Valyr took a few steps back as well, taking in a deep breath as he got into a battle stance of his own. "Are you two ready?" Looking at the two sides to get their confirmation, Hal nodded back after the two nodded that they were ready. "Then, let the fight…" "Begin!" "Haah!" Wanting to gain the upper edge from the very start, the glow around Faulus' hands swiftly manifested into a few bolts of mana, sending all of them flying as he began to throw a barrage of mana bolts towards Valyr. "[Intermediate Wind Magic Style: Cascading Tempest]!" Buffing his movement speed with one of his magic skills in response, Valyr deftly maneuvered through the bolts that rained down on him, even going so far as to negate some of them by sending back a bolt of his own. "[Crimson Blaze]!" With Faulus continuing to send down a barrage of mana bolts after him, the young man decided to free himself from the chaos, dashing forwards at the greatest speed he could muster as an orb of crimson flames appeared above one of his palms. With a bit of time to breathe, he then charged this orb for as long as possible, causing the orb to balloon to a size larger than his own head. Whoosh! Bang! "[Enhanced Agility]!" With Valyr throwing the large fireball with all of his strength, it was no surprise that it zipped through the air, appearing in front of Faulus within seconds. Because of that, the young man was forced to stop his barrage and casting a movement speed boosting skill on himself, barely dodging the orb as it caused a smaller crater to form on the ground. "Hiss…" Taking a look at the crater that had formed from Valyr's attack, Faulus' pupils dilated in fear as he realized then and there that he might have made the wrong decision in choosing his opponent. After all, he had never seen Loreina make a crater with one of her attacks before! "Graaaaah!!!" "[Serpentine Mana Lance]!" Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Deciding to condense his combat strength into a fewer number of attacks, Faulus swiftly sent out a series of lances made out of mana, all of them zooming through the air as they converged to where Valyr stood. "[Flame Lance]!" However, rather than run away from the attack like the barrage of mana bolts from earlier, Valyr instead stood his ground, manifesting a spear out of flames as he watched the mana lances move ever so closer to him. Clash! At the very moment the lances converged together in the hopes of landing a devastating attack on Valyr, the latter used the flaming spear as a baseball bat of sorts, gripping it with both hands as he swatted the lances away from him with all his strength, causing them to disintegrate within seconds. … "You know… I just noticed something." Continuing to watch the fight between Faulus and Valyr unfold, Loreina sent a message to Hal through the chat function. With both of them being known by many people for quite some time now, it was no surprise that the two had added one another as friends. "Is it perhaps the same thing I'm noticing?" Hearing a notification sound resound in his mind, Hal brought up the cause of that notification before responding back, looking at Loreina with a raised eyebrow. "Probably." In response, Loreina shrugged her shoulders as she then sent Hal a question. "In any case…" "Have you seen Ylvar sweat so far?" Chapter 501: Overwhelming Defeat "It seems we've noticed the same thing, then." Wryly smiling in response to the question Loreina had sent to him, Hal swiftly sent back a message as he focused his attention on the two fighting in the crater. Though it seemed like Faulus had gained an edge over Valyr due to his attacks covering a wide area, that came with the downside of having to consume a greater amount of his own mana in order to conjure them in the first place. On the other hand, Valyr's attacks were smaller in comparison, yet its level of strength was similar. Naturally, such a small attack containing a lot of strength still meant that he had spent a lot of mana for it to become destructive… But the cost was definitely far lower than how much Faulus was consuming with every move. "For him to not break a sweat while fighting against Faulus, that alone says that his combat capabilities exceed yours by a considerable margin, Loreina." Feeling like he had gotten a better idea of Valyr's combat strength, Hal soon sent a message to the young woman, who could only bitterly smile after reading it. "At the very least, I'm better than Faulus combat-wise." Letting out a wry chuckle, she sent a message back to Hal, only to follow it up with a question not long after. "Now that I think about it, haven't you fought against Faulus in the past?" "It was more like a showcase of who had the better talent." As Hal replied to Loreina's message, the young man slowly rummaged through his thoughts, recalling memories of a certain time in the past. Just as he had established his title as the Lord of All Trades, Faulus' popularity swiftly began to rise through the roof, with many people calling him the future leader of the alchemy world thanks to his innovative concoctions. Though, because so many people had begun to praise his feats, Faulus let every word get into his head, causing him to request a match against many of the younger generation that had established their names before him. The result? Utter defeat. Letting his ego get to him, he decided to fight according to the specialties of the opposing side, trusting in his prodigious talent that he would be able to defeat the other side, or in the worst case scenario, call it a draw. Unfortunately, this string of matches he had gotten into only made him realize that his talent only extended up to alchemy at most. On top of that, there were others he had requested to fight against that had considerable talent in alchemy as well. One of them being Hal. "In any case, it seems like one of our companions will be incredibly useful during our expedition into the inheritance." Grinning, Hal watched Faulus and Valyr continue fighting against one another as he sent a message to Loreina. "It seems so." Faintly smiling as she responded back, Loreina inwardly let out a sigh as she looked at Hal for a bit, feeling the man's intense desire to prove that he was the strongest out of all of them. 'I wonder if Ylvar can match up to him.' Returning her attention to the fight happening down in the crater, Loreina focused on Valyr's movements and actions, noticing how relaxed he was whenever he dodged or retaliated against his opponent's move. Realizing this, she began to get the feeling that the young man hid a far greater portion of the strength than she and the others initially perceived. In fact, after watching Valyr for a while, she even felt like the man had the ability to triumph Hal in combat. 'I guess it'll be fine.' Scratching the back of her head as she wondered where that thought came from, she eventually decided not to think too much, returning her attention to the fight once more. … "[Azure Wave]!" Whoosh! Sending out multiple waves of mana in Valyr's general direction, a slight grin appeared on Faulus' face as he realized that his current attack was working. Throughout the battle so far, Faulus began to realize that there were two things he had to be wary about when it came to Valyr. The first and most obvious among the two would be the lethality of the man's attacks. After all, if an attack could form a crater, then Faulus was more than certain it could kill a person. As for the second thing he had to be wary about… It was the young man's agility. Though it was not obvious at first, Faulus began to notice that Valyr seemed to have an easy time defending or avoiding the attacks he had sent out, forcing him to redirect or cast another attack in order to be on the offensive once again. With that, he eventually thought that if he were to restrict Valyr's movements within a certain area, he would eventually be able to land an attack that would allow him to win. Becoming more and more motivated that this thought would soon become a reality with his current attack, Faulus cast more and more [Azure Waves], sending wave after wave of mana that gradually confined Valyr in a certain spot within the crater. "Finally! I've got you now!" Eventually, after what seemed to be quite a long time, Faulus had confined Valyr in a space small enough that any of his attacks would undoubtedly land on the latter, crowning him victorious in this first match. However, just as he was about to conjure his final blow… "Eh?" Summoning all of the mana within his body towards his hands, Faulus swiftly noticed that the amount of mana he had pulled out was minuscule compared to what he could unleash earlier. Wondering what was going on, it was only then did something click in his mind, slowly turning his head to look at Valyr. "Took you long enough." "[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! With a confident grin, Valyr conjured a great number of blades made out of crimson flames in an instant, sending all of them in Faulus' general direction as he controlled the blades to surround the latter. Feeling a great amount of anger at himself for falling into his opponent's trap, Faulus slowly closed his eyes and gradually accepted his fate of being impaled by the blades… Only for nothing to happen soon after. "Hmm?" Seeing as nothing happened for a while after he had closed his eyes, the man decided to open his eyes once more, only to be greeted by a plethora of blades only a few inches away from his face. "So, what next?" Manipulating the blades of crimson blades to stay in place, Valyr looked at Faulus and asked him a question. "What next?" Hearing the young man's words, Faulus bitterly smiled. After that, he sat down and let out a long sigh. "Well, what else could it even be?" "I admit defeat." Chapter 502: Summoning Vs Summoning "Now that I think about it, it probably looked like you led me on to wasting my mana in front of Loreina and Hal." As Valyr helped Faulus stand up as they made their way back to the edge of the crater, the latter looked at the man beside him before opening his mouth. "How did you do that?" "Let's just say there's a ton of factors on your end that helped me make that happen. All I did was slowly lead you towards that eventual goal." Feeling none of the anger or the malice he had felt emanating from Faulus earlier, Valyr decided to respond to the question. "In fact, you could even say that me angering you was inadvertently part of those factors." "Then again, I definitely admit I was being absurd when we first met," said the young man soon earlier, apologizing for punching the young man in the stomach. "I was absurd as well." Slightly widening his eyes in surprise, a wry smile appeared on Faulus' face as he apologized to Valyr not long after. "I shouldn't have thrown my weight around like that." "And only now you say that after you find out my identity," replied Valyr, causing Faulus to let out an awkward chuckle. "More so your combat strength and your identity, but what about it? Better late than never." As he responded to Valyr's words, it looked as if Faulus' arrogant side had never been there in the first place, finally accepting Valyr as an equal in terms of reputation. "I suppose we should move onto the next fight." Seeing as the two had finally made their way back to the edge of the crater, even going so far as to sit beside each other, Hal's words echoed throughout the area once more as he looked at Valyr. "As Faulus' opponent in the previous fight, you have the choice to be the one to request someone to fight against," Hal said to Valyr. "Of course, you could also choose to rest for the meantime and have someone else take that place." "I'll probably have to skip over this one for now." Though Valyr was ready to fight against another person when it came to his stamina, he knew that it would take quite some time for him to recuperate his mana. After all, the final attack he had sent out towards Faulus cost a lot more mana than one would think, especially with how he had made them stop in place. "Since Faulus has already gone first, that only leaves either me or Loreina to be the next one." Nodding in response, Hal looked at Loreina, faintly smiling as he noticed the flames of combat and ambition burning in her eyes. "I'll go next," said Loreina, prompting the three to look at her, briefly making her feel a sense of pressure. Fortunately, that feeling swiftly disappeared as she took in a deep breath, her expression now filled with that of determination. "Who will be you fighting against?" asked Hal in response. "Who else would I be fighting against?" replied Loreina, flashing a wry smile as she looked at Hal. Realizing what Loreina wanted to happen, Hal briefly flashed a wry smile as well. "Well, it only makes sense for you to fight me," said Hal as he began to scale down the crater. "Faulus is definitely tired after the fight, while Valyr has definitely exhausted some of his resources during the fight as well." "Hopefully, we don't have to go all out." Scaling down the crater after seeing Hal move, Loreina prepared her mind and body for the fight that she would have to face. "After all, I'm running on limited time here." "I'll try my best to not force you to get serious," replied Hal as he nodded. "Then again, your combat style doesn't really rely much on you making a move, right?" "It's pretty much the reason why it's my combat specialty." Loreina nodded as she took in yet another deep breath. "Loreina Rainiere san Cappe, mainly specializing in tailoring, while summoning is combat specialty." "Vylhalteinn Impyris, mainly specializing in the scholarly arts, though I also specialize in divination." Hearing Loreina go through her specialties, Hal went ahead and recited his specialties in response. "As for my combat specialty… I'll
