beyond Mythic Elite. However, just as he had begun to accept the fact that his journey to improving the title had ended here, Valyr went ahead and took a look at the title's description after making sure no monsters would be able to ambush him. Reading through the entirety of the title's description in a solemn fashion, a slight chuckle left the young man's mouth as a smile adorned his face. "I stand corrected. It seems the journey to upgrade this title isn't over yet." Ding! [Slayer of Ascendants (Stage I)] (Title) Rarity: Legendary To have the ability to surmount the immense gap in level and experience between you and your opponent, while still remaining at a disadvantage in multiple aspects of combat, you have truly shown the world that your identity is not only limited to being a combat prodigy, able to surmount a single rank at most. Instead, you have shown the world the capability to upset the fine balance of the world and turn it to ashes, bringing awe and reverence to your closest of friends, and immense despair to your worst of foes. You, who has the ability to slay those that came before you, have become the greatest enemy of these beings. Or perhaps, you have become their greatest ally. It is up to you to decide on which you shall eventually end up becoming. [Stage I | Recognition - You have shown the world that you have what it takes to turn even the most important aspects of combat, experience and time, into nothing but a foolish variable. However, will you show them that your path has already ended? Or will you show them that your path has just begun?] Effects: > +25% damage to monsters at Mythic Elite tier and below that are at least 20 levels higher than the user > +15% damage to beings that are at least 20 levels higher than the user > +15% Attack and Defense > Reduces the efficacy of reduced damage against higher-leveled beings by 10% [Stage I - Recognition] Upgrade requirements: > Either kill 1,000 monsters at Mythic Elite tier or greater, or kill 1,000 beings at least 20 levels above your current level (0/1000) Closing the screen before him after he was finished reading, Valyr pondered over everything he had just acquired from the title with a satisfied smile on his face. Though he had not seen the changes the title underwent while he was on a killing spree to upgrade the title as much as possible, the first few effects of [Slayer of Ascendants] was enough to remind him once more that such a powerful title had come from the humble [Signs of a True Elite] title that he used to have. However, unlike before, where its effects had only given him a negligible benefit to his combat at most, [Slayer of Ascendants] now allowed these effects to become more prominent, gaining a 25% boost to his overall damage, as long as he was fighting against a monster that did not exceed the Mythic Elite tier. Add on the increased damage to enemies that were at least 20 levels higher than him, whether the increase stacked additively or multiplicatively with the damage boost from before, Valyr was more than certain that his attacks had become far deadlier than before. Then again, the young man had more or less expected these effects to become more prominent after the title had undergone an upgrade more than a few times. What truly caught Valyr off guard was the final effect attached to the title. An effect that even he had not come across in his past life while playing Greater Beyond. "I was told back then that there were a couple of titles that allowed players to fight higher-leveled monsters with ease," muttered Valyr to himself as he went through his treasure trove of memories from his past life. "At some point, I dismissed it as some sort of myth since the Mythic class I got allowed me to do the same thing." "But I never expected them to actually be true." As far as Valyr could recall, similar to how there was a system in place wherein higher-leveled beings wouldn't be able to gain as much XP from lower-leveled beings after some point, there was also a system in place that discouraged lower-leveled beings from fighting against higher-leveled beings… up to a certain point. Commonly known by all players including Valyr back then as the Damage Restriction System, this system reduced the amount of damage an opposing monster or being took against a player that was of a certain level below itself. Each consecutive level increased the reduction in damage by an additional 2%, which meant that a level gap of one equated to a 2% decrease in damage dealt to the higher-leveled side. On the other hand, a level gap of 10 equated to a 20% decrease in damage, while a level gap of 20 equated to a 40% decrease in damage, a gap that was only surmountable by players in the past by relying on high rarity classes, as well as Vital and Brutal Hits. Of course, at the very end of the spectrum, a level gap of 50 equated to a 100% decrease in damage. This meant that whatever attack the player sent out at this higher-leveled enemy, the only damage the opposing side would receive would be a staggering one point. In many more ways than one, players have come to accept the fact that fighting against an enemy 50 levels higher than them was an impossibility. However, just because of one additional effect in what was once a simple title, Valyr now thought that he could make the impossible a reality. Chapter 447: A Fight Between Two Ranks MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "Reduces the efficacy of reduced damage against higher-leveled beings by 10%… does that mean if I fight against a monster 10 levels higher than me, my damage will only be reduced by 18% rather than 20%?" Pondering over how the final effect of his newly upgraded title worked, Valyr began to think out loud. "Or would it work like a flat reduction where my damage would only be reduced by 10% instead of 20%?" "Should I head back to Point Caelion and test it out?" Pondering over it for a bit more, Valyr eventually decided to head to Point Caelion in the meantime to see whether the effect applied multiplicatively or additively. "The damage a single punch deals is consistent, being equivalent to my main Attack stat, which is DEX, multiplied to my Attack stat coefficient, which is 3 thanks to my current class rank." Making his way back to the outpost since that's where the rift to Point Caelion was, Valyr continued to go over his thought process. "If the damage I deal to a Level 45 monster is equal to my Attack stat minus the monster's defense, then the effect is additive. If it's lower than what I calculated in my mind, then it's multiplicative." With everything about what he was going to do in Point Caelion finally organized in his mind, the young man swiftly sped up his pace, disappearing from the periphery of Site 2-S as he began to head back to the outpost surrounding Point Devann sometime latter. … "Agh!" Letting out a pained cry as a hole was torn open through his chest by a single fist, the man looked at the tall green being before him with abject horror, wondering why such beings were inside what they considered a safe place. Unfortunately, before the man could even obtain his answer, his consciousness had already disappeared, his body nothing more than a lifeless shell of its former shelf. "Murak. Progress report." Retracting the fist he had used to kill a human for what was already a great number of times, Meirat briefly looked at the human he had slain with a solemn expression before turning around to look at the orc beside him, whose clothes seemed more fitting for someone of the human race than that of the orcs. "So far, we've confirmed that we have arrived at an entrance named Point Devann by the humans," said Murak in response after a bit of silence. "There are a total of 21 sites within this entrance, with the number of the humans that are within this entrance totaling up to around 900 or so." "How many humans have we killed so far?" Nodding as he listened to Murak's report, Meirat threw him a question. "We've currently killed all of the humans within the last nine sites, so around 250 humans, give or take." "I presume most of them would be at the outpost, right?" "That would be correct." Nodding in response to Meirat's question, Murak briefly closed his eyes as he did a few gestures in the air, utilizing the converted mana he had used earlier for them to appear in Point Devann. "Around a third of the total humans within this entrance are located within the outpost, though most of them are only Rank 3 at most." "I see." Committing his comrade's words to memory, Meirat soon told Murak to accompany Hreig and the others in killing all of the remaining humans that were trying to escape the site, prompting the latter to nod in response before swiftly leaving the former off to his own devices. "Have I made the right decision in infiltrating Point Devann?" Once he was the only orc remaining in the surrounding area, Meirat took the time to sit on the ground and ponder over all of the decisions he and his group have made during the mission so far. Then again, as one of Khorza'an's Chosen, it was more accurate to say that he pondered over the decisions he had made so far. "Is it really correct to be slaying these humans, even though they do not know of what is going on beyond their walls?" muttered Meirat to himself, thinking about the decision he made to head to Point Devann to reduce the chances of the humans successfully defending against an offensive from the orcs. In his mind, it made a lot of sense. The offensive from the orcs would kill all of the Rank 5 humans that existed within the kingdom and force even the Rank 5 humans that remained hidden within the kingdom all this time to come out. Once those Rank 5 humans were gone, the only ones that would be able to replace them would be the Rank 4 humans, who would undergo special training to reach Rank 5. However, with the decision he had made, he would increase the effects of the offensive done by the orcs, solely based on the fact that the humans would need a far longer time to accumulate a force capable of fighting against the offensive due to the lack of strong Rank 4 humans. With that thought in mind, Meirat thought to himself that he had more than fulfilled the objective of the mission he had received. Yet, for some reason, Meirat felt a sense of guilt from what he was doing. After all, from what he had seen from the reactions of the humans he had killed, a great number of them were oblivious to the fact that the humans and orcs were on opposing sides. As someone who had been born before Khorza'an took his father's throne, the sheer innocence the humans had towards the situation hurt him even more. "Are we… am I doing the right thing?" Asking this question to himself, Meirat let out a low sigh as he stood up, deciding to think more about it once their mission was over. However, just as he was about to head to another site to accompany his comrades… "Guess I've finally come face to face with the boss." Letting out a bit of laughter, a man with tanned skin appeared a couple dozen meters away from Meirat, taking on a somewhat relaxed pose as he looked at the latter. "You do understand me, right?" "I do." Slightly confused by the sudden question, Meirat nodded. "Good." Hearing Meirat respond to him, the man grinned. Whoosh! "Since that's the case, I won't beat around the bush." Not long after, the man flared the entirety of his aura, the feeling it gave off similar to what one would feel while standing in front of a blazing inferno. Getting into a stance fit for battle, the man taunted Meirat to attack him. "I'll be beating you to a pulp and ask you a couple of questions after we're done." "How impertinent." In response, Meirat flared the entirety of his aura as well, the feeling it gave off being a stark contrast to the man's aura, giving off a feeling that was similar to a flowing river. Taking in a deep breath, the orc soon charged towards the man, deciding to take the initiative by attacking. "Since you haven't been taught any manners, let me be the one to educate you." "Intent of the Flowing River." "[Cascading Azure Fist]." "Hah! I'd like to see you try!" "Intent of the Scorching Inferno!" "[Blazing Roundhouse Impact]!" Bang! Chapter 448: A Surprising Decision MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "Grooaaarrrr!!!" Letting out an angered cry, a bear with fiery red fur swiped down at the young man in front of it without hesitation, its every move filled with the intent to kill. Unfortunately, no matter how much force the red bear put into its attacks, the young man was able to dodge it in the nick of time. "I guess it's time for me to make my move." Seeing as he had more or less gotten used to the attack pattern of the enraged bear before him, the young man sucked in a bit of air as he clenched his right fist, sending it out at the very moment the red bear had shown one of the openings he was aiming for. Bang! Crack! "Groooaaaarrrr!!!" With how much force the young man had put behind his attack, at the very moment his fist connected with the bear's upper torso, the latter was swiftly sent tumbling backward, accompanying it the bear's now pained cry. The bear only stopped tumbling backward after colliding with a nearby tree, which increased the rage the bear felt even further. Whoosh! However, just as the bear was about to dash to where the young man stood, the latter decided to take the initiative after feeling like he had already stalled for so long, appearing a couple of meters in front of the bear before disappearing from its field of vision a few seconds later. "Grooo…" Faintly wondering how the young man it had been fighting against had just disappeared like that, the bear swiftly looked around its surroundings, hoping to find any traces it could use to find the young man. With its strength being enhanced out of nowhere, it felt like there was a high chance for it to be able to find where the young man was and satiate the urge that had welled up alongside the gain in strength it had gotten. Yet, before it could even find a single hint as to where the young man was… "Hyah!" Bang! "Grooooaaarrrr!!!" Out of nowhere, the young man landed a solid punch towards the bear's exposed back, which could only curve under the strength he had put into. Once more, the bear let out a pained cry, wondering to itself how the young man had gotten on top of the tree before it could find him. Bang! Bang! "Groooaaaaarrrgghhh!!!" Though, unlike before, where the bear would gain some sort of reprieve between the young man's attacks, the young man decided to land a couple more hits on the red bear, a pensive expression adorning his face as he hit spots on the bear's body that weren't considered vital by any means. Nevertheless, with how much force the young man had put into his attacks, the red bear eventually succumb to the immense amount of damage it had accumulated, letting the pain it had received consume it as its consciousness gradually disappeared. Ding! [With a 5 level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 100%.] [You have slain a Level 45 Red Dusk Bear (Rare Elite). You have gained 147,305 XP.] "I guess I've already gathered more than enough data to confirm my hypothesis." Letting out a long, drawn-out sigh as he took a look at the notifications he had just obtained, Valyr decided to sit down on the ground for the meantime, recuperating the energy he had used so far. While doing so, he collated all of the information he had received from the fights he had done, closing his eyes every once in a while. "In total, I've killed about 10 Red Dusk Bears and landed an average of 5 hits on each bear before they died from the damage." Muttering these words to himself, the gears in Valyr's mind madly turned. "Halving the damage obtained from some lucky critical hits, I could now say without a doubt that the effect the title has on the Damage Restriction System…" "…is multiplicative." Adorning a bitter smile on his face, Valyr thought about the title's effect for a bit more, soon coming to the thought that it did not really matter whether the effect applied multiplicatively or additively. After all, against a being that was 50 levels higher than him, whether the effect was applied multiplicatively or additively, the damage he dealt would still be reduced by 90% either way. "It's just a matter of how I get to that 90% damage reduction in the first place." Feeling a hint of regret that his small trip to Point Caelion seemed to be a waste of time due to his findings, the young man quickly thought about the other things he had gained from the experiment, such as an accurate gauge of his strength now that he was at the peak of Rank 2. "In any case, now that I've confirmed how the effect works, I guess it's time for me to focus on upgrading the title even further." Bringing up the description of [Slayer of Ascendants] in front of him, Valyr swiftly focused his sights on the last few lines written on the screen. "Kill a thousand Mythic Elite tier monsters or higher, or kill a thousand beings at least 20 levels higher than me…" "Well, considering how hard it is to find a Mythic Elite even with the help of the Mark of the Alltide, it's a no-brainer as to what I should choose." Making up his mind as he now had an idea of where to go next, Valyr went ahead and made his way back to the outpost surrounding Point Caelion, hoping to head back to Point Devann once he was there. … Whoosh! "And we're back." Giving himself time to acclimate to his surroundings after being sent to travel through space once more, a wry smile gradually crept up onto Valyr's lips as he thought about the state of the outpost around Point Caelion before he teleported. "Since the people at Point Caelion already know of the orc infiltration going on in Point Devann, I guess it would make sense that the other entrances already know of it as well." Though it did not really come as a surprise that the other entrances would eventually come to know of what was happening at Point Devann, it was the fact that the other entrances already knew what was going on that truly surprised Valyr. After all, considering the amount of time that had passed between him and Zeik arriving at Point Devann and him just recently returning to Point Devann, only around three hours or so had passed since then. "There is a bright side to them finding out this quickly, though," muttered Valyr to himself. "After all, that would mean that the kingdom would make its move far earlier than expected." "However, I wonder if their move is early enough." Thinking about how much time had passed since he and Zeik had gone their separate ways, a hint of worry appeared on the young man's face, wondering whether Zeik had already come across the orcs and was safe. "Well, he is a Rank 5 class holder, so I shouldn't worry too much." Deciding to believe in the man's words from before they parted ways, Valyr sped up his pace as he made his way to one of the official exits. While doing so, he thought about the site he was going to head to in order to make progress in upgrading [Slayer of Ascendants] to the next stage. "Hmm… I guess it would be better for me to fight against monsters that are beyond 20 levels in order to ensure that I'd make progress." Valyr briefly scratched the back of his head. "Off to Site 5-S then." "Whoa there, friend." Just as he had made up his mind on which site he was going, a man that looked to be in his early thirties stopped Valyr just as he was about to pass through one of the official exits. "I'd suggest you stay here in the outpost for the meantime, or leave the Akashic Battlefield and wait for another day." "There are orcs currently roaming around the various sites, killing all of the humans they come across," the man continued, gazing at Valyr with a hint of concern. "I've obtained reports that even peak Rank 4 class holders are no match for these orcs, much less to say about a peak Rank 2 class holder like you." "In fact, I'd highly recommend you to leave the Akashic Battlefield and return at some other time in the future." At these words, the man's expression turned serious. "After all, a peak Rank 2 class holder entering a site normally meant for Rank 4 class holders only means one thing." "You have a great level of talent, and it would be a waste
