an awkward smile. "As if I hadn't tried that already," said Theraldine in response to Valyr's suggestion. "I've pestered him countless times to have me take your spot in the upcoming inheritance once more, but sadly, he wouldn't budge." "Hence, I'll just take matters into my own hands." At these words, Theraldine's expression grew solemn as she gave off a slightly intimidating aura. "Dad mentioned that you forged an Epic grade armor set while just in the middle levels of Rank 2… as someone with that kind of expertise, I wonder if you could answer some of my questions?" "I'll try my best." In response, Valyr gulped a bit of his saliva in slight nervousness, though he still nodded. "Alright. What do you use to neutralize the conflicting effects between Hoarfrost Star Metal and Refined Blazebear Essence?" "Any material with the Earth attribute would work to neutralize its effects," said Valyr in response to her question. "However, rather than neutralize the conflicting effects, you can turn the conflicting effects into something more beneficial by adding Drops of Gold Panacea." "Wait… you could do that?" While listening to Valyr's response, Theraldine faintly nodded when she heard the young man mention about the Earth-attribute materials' neutralizing effect, thinking that his level of knowledge should at least be of that level. However, when she heard that there was a way to turn it into something beneficial, that was when she felt a bit of disbelief. "Ehem." Realizing that the solemn visage she was trying to put it on had slipped, Theraldine cleared her throat as she thought about a more difficult question, something she only discovered a possible answer to recently. "Is there a way to emulate part of the strength of an Artifact? Say, the legendary forging artifact Infernal Hammer?" "Well…" Hearing the question she asked, Valyr raised his eyebrow in slight surprise as the next question was a sudden spike in difficulty. Nevertheless, as someone who had attempted it in the past and was even successful in creating an Imitation of the Infernal Hammer, the young man went ahead and shared his thoughts. Chapter 457: Friendly Competition "Well then. That's definitely something you don't see every day." While listening to the conversation that was happening between his daughter and Valyr, Julian's eyes widened in slight surprise as he heard the things the two were talking about, specifically the method to forge Emulations and Imitations of the Infernal Hammer. However, as he continued to listen, he eventually noticed how his daughter was incredibly silent in front of the young man, listening to Valyr's every word with rapt attention as if each word he spoke to her was crucial in terms of detail. Taking note of this, Julian thought back to the various times he had seen his daughter interact with other people. As far as he could remember, Theraldine would usually take the leading role in the conversation, wanting to assert dominance over the other party as she would sometimes interrupt the other party in the middle of their response. Of course, as someone who had seen her grow up to the fine young woman she was right now, Julian knew the reason behind his daughter's attitude very well, chalking it up to her innate talent in the field of blacksmithing, as well as being one of the only few within the clan's history to be able to comprehend a considerable portion of what was their clan's greatest asset. Because of those two things, Theraldine had grown to have a self-confident yet slightly arrogant personality. Then again, she did have the strength and the skills to back up her confidence. "And that's pretty much all you need to know to forge an Emulation of the Infernal Hammer." While Julian thought about how his daughter acted a bit different than usual, Valyr had finally finished explaining the process of forging an Emulation to the young woman before him, a process that he had been able to obtain only after multiple attempts of trial and error in his previous life. However, rather than keep something like that to himself, he decided to share it to Theraldine. After all, the method he had shared was only something that could be done by blacksmiths that had the prerequisite skills and experience to forge an Emulation in the first place. As the Goddess of the Forge in his previous life, the woman before him was more than capable of forging an Emulation of her own with the right process. Aside from that, if people were to start asking him regarding the methods to forge Emulations and Imitations and forced him to cough it up, he had the protection of the Blacksmith Guild in the form of Julian, with the Imperial Production Guild being a possible backer as well as long as he shared the method. Though, if that didn't work, he could just feign ignorance. After all, who could prove that he, someone who had been separated from his main clan for who knows how many years, had the knowhow to forge something like that in the first place? If anything, they only knew of his true identity as a Herald of the Zeihardt clan. "That… actually makes a whole lot of sense." After mulling over Valyr's explanation on how to forge her own version of the Infernal Hammer in silence, Theraldine looked at the young man before her with newfound respect in her gaze, her expression containing a hint of excitement as she hoped to test the method out as soon as possible. Though there was still a decently high chance that the method Valyr had shared to her wouldn't work, taking into consideration the possibility of the young man giving her false information, Theraldine still believed that she might be able to finally succeed in forging an Emulation of the Infernal Hammer as most of the concepts Valyr had talked about in his explanation made complete sense to her. However, just as she was about to leave both Julian and Valyr and attempt forging an Emulation with her newly obtained knowledge, Theraldine was reminded of the initial reason why she had come to find the two in the first place, stopping herself in her tracks as she thought about a couple of things. 'I really want to try it out, but it would be rude to just leave Dad and Valyr after the latter decided to share what is basically high-level information to me.' With conflicting thoughts lingering in her mind, Theraldine blankly stared off into the distance as she thought about what to do. 'Plus, if I were to leave right now, the impression Valyr might have of me could possibly worsen… though I'm pretty sure it's already bad with how I've made my first impression on him earlier.' 'What to do… what to do…' Thinking about how she could apply her newly obtained knowledge in a practical setting and improve the young man's impression of her at the same time, a light bulb eventually turned on in Theraldine's mind as she came up with a great idea to kill two birds with one stone. "Dad, I have something to ask of you." Pondering over how she would put the idea into action, her answer swiftly arrived as she turned her gaze towards her father, prompting her to move closer to Julian as she whispered a few things to him. "Hmm?" Listening to his daughter's whispers, Julian raised his eyebrow in curiosity, only for his eyes to slightly widen in surprise a few seconds later. "That could definitely work…" "Am I missing out on something?" As for Valyr, who had no idea as to what kind of conversation the two were having, he decided to wait for the two to finish before asking about the private workshop he wanted to reserve for a forging session. Though, it seemed like his plans of reserving a private workshop would have to be put to the side for now as both Julian and Theraldine looked at him. "First and foremost, I would like to say that you definitely have something that allows you to be eligible to take my spot in the upcoming Four Pillars' Inheritance." Clearing her throat to gain the young man's attention, Theraldine began to speak. "Knowledge regarding the forging of artifact replicas isn't a laughing matter, after all." "However, there's still a vast difference between theoretical knowledge and practical knowledge," said Theraldine not long after. "I may have come to respect you for your great theoretical knowledge, but Dad's claims of you having forged an Epic grade armor set at your current rank is still something I highly doubt." "Hence, I've come up with a proposal." At these words, a faint confident smile appeared on Theraldine's face. "Let us engage in a forging duel." "A forging duel, huh." Letting out a faint sigh, Valyr looked at Julian, who looked back at him with a slightly apologetic smile, conveying through his expression that it was something even he could not stop if he wanted to. Flashing a wry smile in response to message he had received through the man's expression, Valyr looked back at Theraldine before nodding. "What are we going to forge, and what are the rules?" "Considering that you've given me the knowhow to forge an Emulation of the Infernal Hammer, how about we forge emulations of artifacts of our choosing and see who among the two of us could forge one better?" Theraldine suggested in response. "If that's what we're going to forge, then that's fine by me." Valyr slightly shrugged his shoulders in response. "And the rules?" "Aside from sabotaging the other side's work, anything goes, I guess." Responding to Valyr's question, Theraldine shrugged her shoulders as well. "As someone who has taken my spot in the upcoming inheritance, I'm sure you have a couple skills that elevate your forged items to another level. The same applies to me." "I don't want to limit the potential of the items we'll be forging in any way just because of some stupid rule." Hearing these words, Valyr nodded in understanding, only for a related question to pop up in his mind not long after. "How about the materials we're going to use for the forging duel?" "I'll be the one to take care of that," said Julian in response, flashing a soft smile at his daughter before turning his head to look at Valyr. "Also, if you don't mind, can we hold the forging duel between you two in an area that would allow the members of the Blacksmith Guild to watch? After all, having two of the guild's greatest talents show how they forge emulations would definitely motivate them to get better." "As long as she doesn't mind." In response to the request, Valyr briefly shrugged his shoulders as he pointed at Theraldine. Noticing that Julian's gaze was on her, Theraldine responded with a faint nod, informing her father that it was fine for their forging duel to become public. "Alright then." Seeing that the two had agreed to publicize the forging duel between them, Julian grinned. After that, he left the two to their own devices, but not before leaving them with a few parting words. "Make yourselves busy for the meantime and prepare the list of materials you might need for the item you'll forge." "As for me… I'll be setting the stage where your talents could be fully showcased." Chapter 458: Hammer Of Primeval Origins "So…" With both him and Theraldine being left alone to their own devices, Valyr went ahead and struck up a conversation with the young woman near him. "I'm guessing you asked for this forging duel to happen since you wanted to find an excuse to see if the knowledge I've just given you was correct, right?" "Wha—" Not expecting to have her intentions be found out so easily, Theraldine looked at the young man in front of her at a slight loss for words, only for her expression to become somewhat furious not long after. "I-It's not like that at all!" "Is that so?" Faintly grinning at the young woman's reaction, Valyr decided to tease her a bit more. "Well, considering that I now have a rough idea of how you act around others, I'm fairly certain that if I hadn't shared the knowledge I have regarding the method to forge artifact replicas, we'd still be engaging in a forging duel at some point. However, the approach would be more on the aggressive side, wanting to prove to the Guildmaster that you're the one more worthy of the spot for the inheritance." "That's…" Listening to Valyr speak, Theraldine was about to refute the man's words, only to think that she did not really have anything to say to refute him. After all, the words he had spoken resonated deeply with her, prompting her to think that it was the move she would have made, if not for the knowledge Valyr had graciously shared to her. "Then again, my conjectures could be wrong." Seeing the slight glum expression that appeared on Theraldine's face after he had said his piece, Valyr briefly thought to himself that he might have guessed the woman's original intentions a bit too correctly, which prompted him to try and salvage the situation as he swiftly shifted the topic. "If anything, I kind of find this nice, actually. In a way, it feels like you want to show me what you can do with the knowledge I've given you… or something along those lines." "I definitely have no clue what you're talking about." Seeing that the young man wanted to shift their conversation to another topic, Theraldine did not hesitate to do so, turning her head to the side as she feigned ignorance towards Valyr's words. "Alright then." Valyr chuckled in response. "Keep your secrets." "So… do you already have an idea of what kind of artifact you're going to try and make an Emulation of?" After a bit of silence had surrounded the two of them, Theraldine took the initiative to start a conversation with the young man, hoping to improve the man's impression of her through it. "I guess so." Looking at the young woman, Valyr stared off into the distance for a bit before eventually nodding. "I don't know if I'd be able to pull off an Emulation of the artifact, though. Nevertheless, I'll still try my best." "How about you?" "I'm pretty set on what I'm going to forge," said Theraldine in response, her expression exuding confidence. "With the knowledge you've shared to me earlier, there's a high chance that I might actually be successful." "Oh, really?" Feeling a faint smile creep up onto his lips, Valyr looked at the young woman. "Then, I guess I'll be looking forward to the item you'll be forging later." Deciding to allow the two of them to go over their respective plans on what they were going to forge for the forging duel, Valyr went ahead and distanced himself from the young woman for the meantime, heading towards Julian's personal workshop to possibly get a couple more ideas on what he was going to forge, as well as make sure that the young woman could not listen to his murmurs. "I definitely didn't expect that I'd be participating in a forging duel all of a sudden," muttered Valyr to himself, only to grin not long after. "Then again, it's a great excuse to finally forge something that I should have forged a long time ago." "In any case, she plans to forge the Infernal Hammer, huh." Sitting down on Julian's anvil for a brief moment, Valyr thought about the item that Theraldine was hoping to forge, finding her choice of artifact somewhat peculiar, but not that surprising. "Compared to other legendary forging artifacts out there, the Infernal Hammer is one of the greatest artifacts one could get their hands on if they plan on forging a lot of items and equipment of the Fire attribute." "Since that's what she's definitely going to forge the forging duel, I guess I should go one step further and make a forging hammer that's better in many ways." Seeing the forging duel as the perfect excuse to forge his own forging hammer, with the materials that would have normally taken him a long time to procure now being available to obtain from the Blacksmith Guild directly, Valyr went ahead and rummaged through his treasure trove of memories from his past life, trying to recall as much of the legendary forging artifacts he had come across as possible. "Though it would be hilarious if I forged a forging hammer that's better for Water-attribute equipment, I should think of the forging hammer as something I'll be using for a long time," Valyr said to himself. "I should also probably take into consideration the possibility of upgrading it into an Imitation or a Replica later down the line. Perhaps, even the possibility of turning it into an artifact of its own." "With that in mind, I should probably focus on legendary forging artifacts that have no attribute, or those that are inclined towards multiple attributes at the same time." With the thought in mind, Valyr went through the list of legendary forging artifacts he had compiled from his memories and swiftly discarded a great portion of them, leaving behind only a few that met his new criteria. "Well, then. I guess this is just the heavens telling me that it was fated to happen at some point." Eventually, after weighing the pros and cons of forging a replica of each artifact, the young man made his choice on what he would forge for the forging duel later, chuckling as he pondered over the materials necessary to create a replica of the artifact he had chosen. "The Hammer of Primeval Origins…" Chapter 459: A Clash Between Two Talents If the Infernal Hammer was considered one of the best forging artifacts one could get their hands on if one wished to create a lot of Fire-attribute items and equipment, then the Hammer of Primeval Origins thought of emulating was one step above it, having the ability to forge Fire-attribute equipment that exceeded the Infernal Hammer in terms of quality. However, the Hammer of Primeval Origins was not only limited to equipment of the Fire-attribute. As Valyr had chosen to emulate a forging artifact that either had no attribute or had multiple attributes, the Hammer of Primeval Origins was an artifact that fit the criteria, more specifically the latter. Items that had been forged with the help of the Hammer of Primeval Origins, whether it be Fire-attribute, Wind-attribute, Water-attribute, or Earth-attribute, had stats that were significantly greater than even forging hammers attuned to one of the specific attributes itself. Aside from that, items that were forged using the hammer that had no attribute showed a sharp increase in stats as well, which allowed the Hammer of Primeval Origins to ascend to a status that deemed it to be a transcendental artifact by the masses… Especially after the one that had created the artifact in the first place had cemented her status as one of the legendary Four Deities of Production. 'I wonder if she'll be able to forge the Hammer of Primeval Origins later down the line just like what she did in my past life,' thought Valyr to himself. 'Then again, with how I've already changed quite possibly a lot of things regarding the timeline, there's a probable chance that she wouldn't.' 'Since that's the case, I guess I'll show her the power of the artifact she forged in advance.' Pondering to himself whether it would even be possible to forge an emulation of an artifact that would only appear in the future, Valyr decided to believe that it was possible, recalling the forging methods he had applied in the Nascent Wyvern Armor set he currently wore, as well as the few other pieces of equipment he had worked on in the past that were inspired by legendary artifacts. Believing that everything would go well while forging, the young man went ahead and activated his blueprint creation skill, beginning to draft up the blueprint of what would be his attempt at an Emulation of the Hammer of Primeval Origins. Allocating around half of the 1,000 Technology Points he had gotten towards maxing out part of the Technology Tree's Innovation branch amidst the drafting process, Valyr eventually came up with the list of materials he would need to forge the item, a faint smile appearing on his face. "Since I already began allocating the Technology Points, might as well use all of them up." After taking a couple more peeks at the blueprint he had drafted, Valyr went ahead and finish what he had begun during the blueprint drafting process, allocating his remaining Technology Points to max out his Technology Tree's Innovation branch. With the 1,000 points he had obtained as a Core Member of the Blacksmith Guild, he was able to fully max out all of the advancements that could be unlocked ranging from the Paleolithic Age to the Copper Age, with half of the unlockable advancements in the Iron Age still locked and not maxed. Deciding to ask Julian later if it was possible for him to get some more Technology Points to max out his Technology Tree, Valyr passed the time while they were waiting by taking a look at his blueprint every once in a while, making sure that the list of items would meld well in the final product. Fortunately, after waiting for about another half an hour, one of the staff members from the Blacksmith Guild called him and Theraldine over to ask the two of them for the list of items they would need for the forging duel. With that, the two of them headed to where the staff member, only for the latter to ask to follow behind them not long after. … "I'm surprised this many people have gathered in such a short amount of time." Arriving at what looked to be stage where they would be forging their respective items,
