Chapter 451: The Scope Of Things "Uh… sure." Hearing the words Valyr had spoken to him, Wells was briefly left at a loss for words. After all, those words weren't something he would usually hear from the young man, especially when he knew that this time would generally be the time when they would become privy to each other's progress. Fortunately, sensing the seriousness in Valyr's tone, as well as the expression the young man had, looking as if he was conflicted in his thoughts, Wells went ahead and headed back to his portion of the room for now, telling Valyr to come meet with him after he was done sorting out his things. Nodding as he thanked his good friend for being understanding, the young man then made way to his portion of the room they were staying in, lying down in bed as he gazed at the ceiling for a bit. "Haah…" Hearing the hubbub that still continued to occur outside the walls of the inn at this time, Valyr took in a few deep breaths to sort out the multiple things that continued to clutter his mind after a certain question had surfaced. One by one, he moved most of them to the side, letting out a low sigh once he had made sure that what was left in the center of his mind were questions that he deemed to be the most important ones. 'I guess it's time to ask myself once more.' Muttering these words to himself, he focused yet again on the question that had surfaced in his mind earlier while he was making his way back, trying his best not to let other thoughts cloud his thought process while concentrating on it. 'Am I doing things too quickly?' '…or is it because the deadlines of the things I plan on doing are close to one another that it feels like I'm doing things too quickly?' Asking this question to himself, Valyr went over the multiple things he planned to do in the following days, such as forging equipment in order to sell it through the Blacksmith Guild's channels, heading back to the Shadow Plane to complete his subclass promotion quest, and obtaining information regarding the family structure of the Zeihardt clan. Of course, after pondering over this question for a bit more, he soon noticed that the things he planned to do would either fall under one of two categories: tasks that had been given to him, or tasks that he had made up himself. Then again, it did not matter much which among the two categories the things he planned to do would fall under. Instead, after noticing this small detail regarding his upcoming tasks, he soon focused on another detail that revolved around the tasks as well. 'As far as I can remember, there aren't any deadlines to any of my tasks at all.' Recalling the second part of the question he had asked himself earlier, Valyr went through his treasure trove of memories to see if any of the upcoming tasks, whether planned himself or not, had any deadlines attached to them. Eventually, he came to the conclusion that some tasks did have deadlines attached to them, such as the upcoming tournament to determine the leader of the inheritance expedition happening in less than a week, as well as the actual expedition a week after that. However, aside from that, almost all of the tasks he planned on doing did not have any deadlines. If anything, he instead looked at the tasks as if they had implied deadlines, such as the two World Quests he had obtained from Aster and An'xhur respectively. 'Then again, the threat of the War of the Three Sovereignties happening due to my failure in completing these quests is enough to make me feel like a deadline has been attached to them,' muttered Valyr to himself, pondering over the situation rationally as he calmed his emotions in slight turmoil. 'And I guess that's also what the system wants to imply, rather than give an actual fixed deadline.' 'But now that I think about it, the 'deadline' for these important things are still far away, especially now that I'm an NPC.' Letting out a drawn-out sigh as he focused on his current train of thought, the confusion that Valyr had in his mind was gradually being cleared up. 'Aside from the fact that there's still about a year left until the first version of Greater Beyond is publicly released, the climax of the War of the Three Sovereignties doesn't happen until after half a year has passed since the first version came out.' With that in mind, he soon realized that he was scheduling all of the other tasks he planned under this implied deadline, with the thought of entering Point Devann's battlefield even though the orc infiltration was ongoing being a great example of it. Of course, even though he now realized that he was planning all of his tasks under this implied deadline, he wouldn't change the plan he had come up with that easily, possibly just giving himself more time in between his tasks at most. After all, even though he had filled all of the upcoming days with tasks, it gave him a sense of purpose, a reminder of what he wanted to do with the second chance he had been given. 'But that still doesn't explain the feeling I have that I'm in a race against time, a feeling that no matter what I do, it would all be useless in the end.' As this thought surfaced in his mind, he continued to look at everything from multiple perspectives, trying to see if he could work out why he felt that way. Thankfully, it only took a bit more contemplation for him to get to the crux of the matter, feeling as if a light bulb had gone off in his mind after realizing it. 'The final battle…' Remaining silent as he closed his eyes, allowing the sounds from outside to enter his ears, Valyr reminded himself of the final battle he had put all of his heart and soul into, only for it to all bear no fruit and end up with all of them dead. Though he was incredibly glad that the heavens had given him a second chance to make things right, the final battle was something Valyr felt like he would be able to vividly remember even after a long time has passed, considering his position and the circumstances that revolved around the matter. Letting out a low sigh as he moved his memories regarding the final battle off to the side for now, Valyr pondered over the final battle for a bit, feeling like he was getting close to the answer he sought. And then, it clicked. 'Starting from when the first version was released, it took a total of eight years or so until the final battle actually came to light,' Valyr inwardly muttered. 'Tacking on the fact that I still have about a year to go until the first version is released, I have a total of nine years to prepare until the final battle…" 'I've been looking at the time I still have from the wrong perspective!' Feeling as if he had finally and truly gotten to the crux of the reason why he felt he was rushing things, Valyr could not help but shout this realization in his mind, his eyes wide open as he inwardly admonished himself for it. 'I've been looking at the time I have from the perspective of a player!' 'But as an NPC, the time that's left until the final battle is far longer than that!' Taking in a couple of deep breaths to make sure that he did not lose his train of thought, Valyr computed the amount of time he had left until the final battle from the standpoint of an NPC, not factoring in the changes his actions might have to the timeline. 'Considering that I gain an extra year between each version… I still have almost 70 years to prepare for the final battle.' 'Of course, if I also factor in the possible changes my actions would cause to the timeline, then the amount of time I have left to prepare would also change. Then again, it's definitely better than the nine years I initially thought I had left.' Letting out a long sigh of relief as the shift in perspective reduced the overall burden he felt, he continued to ponder over his current situation a bit more, knowing that the remaining time he had left until the final battle was only one of the reasons why he felt like he was rushing through things. 'I guess I've also forgotten to take into account that I don't have a weak main class anymore.' Surprisingly, it did not take long for him to pinpoint the other reason why he felt everything was rushed, letting out a mocking chuckle as he thought about how the shift in perspective had also changed his way of thinking. 'With a Mythic class, I'm able to do more with less.' 'If it were the me from back then, he would have probably been forging a new set of armor and weapons by now, spending most of his time forging in order to gain a higher position within the Blacksmith Guild.' 'On the other hand, I already have an Epic grade armor set, as well as a Rare+ grade spear, even though I haven't been doing any forging lately.' Faintly smiling at this thought, Valyr let out a long sigh as he soon muttered a few words that only he could hear. "The way you look at the world changes once you take into the consideration the overall scope of your actions." "Well, as someone who has finally experienced it firsthand, it definitely changed for the better." Chapter 452: Taking Things Easy After pondering over the things he had realized in his moment of introspection for a bit more, Valyr even let out yet another sigh of relief as he got out of bed. Making his way to the orb near the entrance of their room, he went ahead and ordered a few meals for himself, only realizing once he was done that he had not eaten his fill yet. "Feeling better?" Noticing that Valyr had left his portion of the room, Wells decided to head to the main area as well, looking at the man with a slightly concerned gaze. "Yeah. Thanks." Apologizing to his good friend once more regarding what had transpired earlier before his moment of introspection, Valyr gave Wells a smile filled with gratitude. After that, the young man joked whether the two of them should still catch up on what the other side had been doing, to which Wells unsurprisingly agreed that they should. With that, Wells went ahead and talked about the progress he had been making in improving all of his skills, as well as the plans he had been formulating in the background regarding him eventually reaching the peak of Rank 1 and ascending to Rank 2. While listening, Valyr's eyes briefly widened in surprise as he focused on a certain phrase the man before him had mentioned. "Wait… did you just say all of your spear-related skills are all Uncommon grade thanks to that [Technique Introspection] skill of yours?" Interrupting Wells' train of thought, Valyr looked at the man with a gaze of slight disbelief as he asked the question. "Well, to be more accurate, most of them are at Uncommon grade." In response, Wells scratched the back of his head as he let out a bit of an awkward laugh. "A few of them, I've been able to upgrade to Uncommon+ grade, while the most important ones, I've already upgraded to Rare." "Hasn't it been only a bit over a month since you gained the Spear Scholar class?" Though Valyr was familiar with the concept behind the Spear Scholar class, allowing its wielder to upgrade their skills to higher grades regardless of whether they met the rank or not, he did not understand how Wells was able to raise his skills to such a level in such a small time frame. As far as he knew, those with the Spear Scholar class or any other class within the same branch would experience a reduced rate of skill improvement, only allowing them to upgrade a couple of their skills to Uncommon grade after a month or so has passed. Yet, for some reason, Wells had seemingly found a way around it. "Yeah, it has." Nodding as he wondered why Valyr was so hung-up on how quickly he was able to level all of his skills, Wells finally put two and two together in his mind as his eyes briefly widened in understanding. "Wait… are you perhaps curious as to how I leveled them so quickly?" "Isn't that already obvious with how much I've been asking about it?" "You could've just said so from the get-go, you know?" Bitterly smiling in response, Wells went ahead and told Valyr the entire reason why he was able to upgrade his skills so quickly. "In any case, upgrading all of my skills to Uncommon grade was only possible due to the fact that I've focused on upgrading [Technique Introspection] first." "But wouldn't…" "…that be slower? It was." Knowing what Valyr was going to ask since he was the one who suggested the class to him, Wells already knew what he was going to answer. "However, that was only at the first few levels. After all, [Technique Introspection] had something like a 50% reduction in efficacy in gaining skill experience or something at the start, which gradually became better as I improved it." "With that in mind, it's the first skill I upgraded to Uncommon, as well as the first skill I upgraded to Rare. Currently, it's at Rare+, where the reduction in efficacy is now more negligible, around 15% or so." Finally understanding how Wells was able to upgrade his skills so quickly with [Technique Introspection], a thought soon surfaced in Valyr's mind. 'Those guys from back then were incredibly stupid to not think of that approach in the first place.' After Wells added a few more things regarding the things he did recently, it was now Valyr's turn. Naturally, the latter went ahead and talked about his journey into the Akashic Battlefield, talking about how it felt more natural to be in compared to something like the Experience Pit. In fact, with how enthusiastic he was in talking about the Akashic Battlefield, Wells was gradually becoming inclined in trying to use it as well. However, just before Valyr could talk more about the benefits the Akashic Battlefield had over the Experience Pit, he shifted the topic to the orc infiltration, talking about it in detail as he brought up some of the reports he had obtained while loitering around the outpost. Unsurprisingly, such a drastic change in topic caused Wells to go pale, feeling dread at the fact that even Rank 4 class holders, beings that were at a whole other level of strength compared to the current him, posed no match to the orcs that decided to break into the Akashic Battlefield. Of course, with how much Valyr talked about the orc infiltration, Wells soon wondered whether his friend in front of him had come across the orcs or faced against the orcs at least once. In response to that question, Valyr gave his friend a wry smile. "If I did come across the orcs or fought against them, I wouldn't be here standing in front of you right now." "Right…" With Valyr's response reminding him of the ruthlessness the orcs had through Valyr's narration of the story, Wells flashed a wry smile of his own in response. Seeing that Wells did not have any more questions, Valyr added a few more things to say about the orc infiltration, eventually ending it as he decided to shift it to another topic. While doing so, he told Wells to keep the orc infiltration a secret between the two of them, even after omitting almost all of the important information regarding the situation. Once his friend swore that it would remain a secret between them no matter how much time had passed, Valyr nodded at his friend before deciding to talk about the moment of introspection he had just given himself, only to be interrupted by the inn's service delivering him the food he had ordered. Deciding to eat whilst he talked, Valyr went a bit into detail regarding his thought process, such as the initial question of why he felt like he was doing too many things at once, and how changing his perspective helped for the better. Naturally, information such as World Quests and the like were omitted from his explanation, feeling that he did not need to burden his friend with the knowledge of how much he had on his plate. "By the end of it, I realized that even if I take my time and go through things at a more relaxed pace, I'd still be doing more than the average person," said Valyr, ending his overall explanation regarding his introspection. "I see. So, what do you plan doing next? Gonna relax for the day?" Nodding in agreement with Valyr that he should do things at more relaxed pace, Wells went ahead and threw a question not long after that was related to the topic. "Probably." Valyr nodded, albeit with a hint of uncertainty. "I might head out and buy a couple of things here and there, but for the most part, I'll be taking it easy for the remainder of the day." "Speaking of which, I just remembered something." Just as he was going over through the list of tasks he had yet to complete, a memory from over a month ago surfaced in Valyr's mind, reminding him of a certain event Wells had mentioned to him. "Remember that Myriad Prodigies Tournament thing you mentioned to me back when we met up again at Clossbay?" Looking at his friend just as he had finished eating, Valyr posed a question at the man. "I do, but what about it?" Nodding in response, Wells looked at Valyr with a hint of doubt, wondering what the young man was hinting at. "Are you trying to remind me of the mission my family gave me to encourage you to participate in it as a representative of our family?" "Well, I guess that's part of the reason why I was reminded of it." Valyr faintly chuckled. "But I wasn't really pertaining to that." "Instead, I was wondering if you know where the Myriad Prodigies Tournament is going to be held, as well as how much time we have left before the tournament begins." "Oh?" Hearing Valyr's response, Wells raised his eyebrow in slight surprise. "Did you perhaps change your mind?" "Perhaps. Perhaps not." In response, Valyr gave his friend a mysterious smile. "So, do you know?" "Well…" Chapter 453: A Slice Of Life 'So, there's a bit less than five months left before the Myriad Prodigies Tournament kicks into full gear.' After heading outside to buy a couple of essential items that the two were lacking in their inn, Valyr laid down on his bed and indulged in his thoughts once more. However, unlike before, the thoughts in his mind currently revolved around the conversation he had with Wells earlier. 'As for where the Myriad Prodigies Tournament is going to be held, Wells said that there was a high chance that it would be held at the kingdom's main city of Alhazar.' Allowing his mind to wander off every once in a while, the young man continued thinking about it, feeling like it wouldn't be a bad idea to allocate some of his time in the future on it. 'However, he also mentioned that there were times back then when the tournament was held in a special area within the Meltierre Empire.' 'Either way, I'll probably enter it for the sake of the prizes.' Valyr faintly let out a chuckle as the thought popped in his mind. 'Then again, everyone else is there for the prizes as well… or the fame that comes attached to being a participant of the tournament.' 'In any case, I should probably do some forging for the meantime and make use of the great number of Technology Points I've gotten thanks to Julian.' Whilst he was still engrossed in his thoughts, Valyr felt that it was a bit weird for him to not be doing anything for such a long time. Pondering over what he could do to pass the time, he decided to upgrade 10 more unleveled skills to their maximum level, gritting his teeth as he felt a great influx of information enter his mind soon after. Clutching tightly on his bed sheet for a while, the young man eventually loosened his grip once the initial wave of information subsided, with the subsequent waves of information being more manageable. "With this, I only have around 20 more skills to upgrade to the max level." Taking in a deep breath before letting out a low sigh of relief, Valyr thought about how he was going to space his skill upgrade process in order to not overwhelm his mind, deciding to follow the pattern he had done for the skills he had upgraded so far. "Hmm… even though the trip to the Akashic Battlefield was cut short, should I still try and upgrade [Slayer of Ascendants] to the next stage?" With his body beginning to relax once more after he was finished with upgrading skills, a question popped up into Valyr's mind, prompting him to think of locations that would have the monsters he needed to upgrade the title to the next level. "Yeah… nah." However, considering his proximity to the locations he had in mind, most of which were located at the other end of the Meltierre Empire, the young man eventually opted not to do so for the meantime,
