no surprise that the entire audience was enchanted by his words at this point, with some of them already having thoughts of bidding on the item and getting them no matter what. "As far as the appraisers can deduce, the skill seems to focus on dagger combat specializing in stealth and assassination," said Sirius, causing the interest of some of the audience to increase. "Of course, whether such a skill is good or evil depends on how its eventual owner uses it." "With that, the bidding for the skill book is now open with an initial bidding price of 50 platinum coins! Any bid that comes after must be higher than the previous by at least 10 platinum coins!" "One platinum card!" Surprisingly, at the very instant Sirius had allowed the audience to start betting on the item, the first bid had already increased the price by a lot, prompting many of those hopeful in the audience to let out a sigh as they instead focused their attention on what would be its final price. "A platinum card and fifty platinum coins." Forming a stark contrast to the gravelly voice of the middle-aged man that bid first, an old-sounding man resounded throughout the auction house, making everyone feel a slight hint of fear as the man spoke. "Two platinum cards!" However, rather than be intimidated by the old man, the middle-aged man bid once more for the skill book, exclaiming a few words after that made the audience realize that the two were actually rivals. "Give up, Charles! You will never get your hands on this skill book!" "Three platinum cards." With that, it was no surprise that the old man bid back. "Two can play at that game, Rain. As representatives of our respective organizations, I'd suggest we have our bidding do the talking instead." "…five platinum cards!" Gritting his teeth in anger, Rain took in a few deep breaths before making a counteroffer, only for Charles to give a counteroffer of his own not long after. In the end, the price of the skill book had ballooned up to 15 platinum cards, which had been won by the old man. Though Rain felt an inordinate amount of rage towards Charles at that point, he restrained himself from doing anything rash at the meantime, considering that the two of them were still within the confines of the auction house. … "With that out of the way, we're finally approaching the final half of this auction!" Having the skill book be moved to backstage for the meantime, Sirius' face was all smiles as he introduced the next item, gesturing towards the sides of the stage as he spoke. "To make things lively for this final half, let us begin with a weapon that I'm sure everyone would like to get their hands on." As he introduced the audience to the next item that was being brought out, a woman in tight-fitting leather armor appeared on stage while carrying a halberd that looked to be simple in design. "As esteemed guests of the Leio Auction House, I'm sure everyone has caught wind of the name Ylvar becoming more popular in the past few days." As he said these words, a great portion of the audience nodded in agreement, with some of them talking about the feat that had put the name into prominence in the first place. "The forging duel that had occurred within the Blacksmith Guild showed that one of the blacksmiths of the younger generation actually had the capability to forge an artifact," said the man with a grin. In the meantime, the woman with the spear proceeded to do a few basic combat movements with it, showing her expertise in using the weapon. "Now, I'm pretty sure everyone might be wondering at this point. Where has Ylvar gone?" Seeing that the audience leaned forward to listen with interest, the grin on Sirius' face became wider. "Well, according to the Blacksmith Guild, he has forged a series of weapons using the artifact, selling almost all of those weapons through the guild's markets… except for one." "Yes, what you see right here is the only weapon within that series that hasn't been sold, being given to the Leio Auction House specifically to give the masses a chance at obtaining Ylvar's weapons." Unexpectedly, unlike the other items that had been sold earlier, almost everyone was eager to get their hands on the spear, wanting to be the first one to own a weapon that had the name Ylvar attached to it. "To give all of you more information on the weapon, it is a Level 40 weapon, though it could be enhanced to suit your current level," said the man, enticing the audience with every new statement. "Its rarity is Epic grade, with the weapon containing two innate skills, one of which is a passive skill that increases your Attack stat." "However, the most striking feature of this weapon is its awakened attributes," continued Sirius, causing the audience to become curious. "Now, why would its awakened attributes be its most striking feature?" Fortunately, Sirius was going to tell them either way, wanting to make sure the auction house could obtain the most profit out of it. "Well, Ylvar here hasn't just awakened one or two of the three possible attributes within the weapon…" "Instead, he was able to awaken all of them." "On top of that, it seems like the awakened attributes on the weapon scale from the person's stats." "…" "…" "…" "With that, the bidding is now open." "The initial price starts…" "…at three platinum cards." Chapter 531: The Bidding Begins "Huh…" At the very moment his spear was shown on stage, a faint trace of confusion appeared on the young man's face. "That's odd." "What is?" Hearing Valyr's words, Julian looked back at him with a curious expression. "The spear is being sold so early," replied Valyr as he looked back at Julian. Looking directly at the man's eyes, he had a strong feeling that the man beside him had a strong idea of what was going on. "Didn't you mention earlier that the spear I forged would be the main attraction of the auction?" "But it is?" said Julian, now feeling a bit confused. Fortunately, it did not take long for him to understand what Valyr meant by his words, swiftly clearing up the confusion with his next statement. . "Ah… you thought your spear would be the final item sold in the auction? Is that correct?" "Isn't that why it's called a main attraction?" At this point, a slight frown appeared on Valyr's face. "Well…" Scratching the back of his head for a bit, Julian let out a slightly apologetic chuckle. "In the Leio Auction House's case, the item that they consider the main attraction is the item they use as advertisement for the auction. With how popular your fake name has become these past few days, it's a no-brainer that they would use it to their advantage, especially with how sudden this auction had to be set up." "That sounds misleading," replied Valyr, the frown on his face gradually disappearing. "It is." Julian didn't deny it. "However, since it's an item that they used as the main attraction for this auction, I'm sure Sirius will bump up the price of the spear as high as he possibly could." Coincidentally, at the moment Julian said those words, Sirius began to explain the backstory behind the spear Valyr forged, making sure that everyone knew what kind of item they were going to possibly bid. Though, with how recent Ylvar's rise to fame was, even though his name was being spread around the kingdom, only a few truly had interest in bidding them, considering it an investment of sorts to the younger generation. However, as Sirius revealed more and more information about the spear, such as how it was forged using the artifact Valyr had created during the forging duel, or the fact that the spear was of Epic rarity, more and more of the audience had their interests piqued. After all, it was incredibly rare for an Epic grade weapon to be sold to auction, even in a prestigious auction house like the Leio Auction House. Then again, what truly piqued everyone's interest was the fact that the spear had all three possible attributes awakened, which scaled accordingly to the strength of the user. Naturally, everyone was quite skeptical of the claim, with Sirius allowing everyone to use their respective identification skills on it so everyone could see that his words were true. As more and more people shared the additional stats they saw on the weapon when they identified it, it went without saying that almost everyone in the audience wanted to obtain the weapon for themselves at the point. In fact, some even wanted to commission Ylvar to forge a weapon for them that had the scaling attributes because of it. Though, aside from the fact that it had attributes that scaled to the user's strength, the innate skills that came with it were incredibly superb, causing some to wonder where Ylvar had been all this time. Of course, the same went for its build quality, prompting everyone in the auction house to unanimously agree that the spear as a whole was undoubtedly on the level of an heirloom for a large clan. "Alright. Has everyone gotten a good look at the spear?" Feeling like he had given enough time for the audience to identify the spear, Sirius brought everyone's attention back to the matter at hand. "Since everyone has already seen what the spear is capable of, let us now open the bid for the Halberd of Great Beginnings." … "Listen closely, Valyr. I'm certain that you'll be satisfied even with its initial price." Hearing Sirius announce the beginning of the bidding process, Julian nudged Valyr with his shoulder, prompting the latter to pay close attention to Sirius' next words. "The initial bidding price for this weapon… is three platinum cards." Seeing that everyone was now on the edge of their seats, a faint grin adorned Sirius' face as he signaled the beginning of the bidding process. "Any bid after the previous must be higher by at least 50 platinum coins." "With that being said, the Leio clan would actually like to start this bid off with five platinum cards." Though, just as Sirius had announced its beginning, he surprisingly placed a bid on the spear, causing everyone to become speechless for a brief moment as he looked towards a certain private room with a smile. "Consider it the Leio clan showing goodwill towards a incredibly prodigious blacksmith." … "What…" Hearing Sirius directly bidding on the spear he had forged on behalf of the Leio clan, Valyr was left at an immense loss for words, passively listening to the clamor the audience was making as they continued to bid on the spear. Surprisingly, they were able to increase the bid on the spear to nine platinum cards, which was already triple the amount the young man had made from the nine weapons he sold. "On behalf of the Spearman Guild, I would like to bid 12 platinum cards." Though, just as he had finally gotten a grip on the situation, a voice familiar to Valyr echoed from one of the auction house's private rooms, causing him to take a few deep breaths to compose himself. 'Elder Noel's here?' As the thought lingered in his mind, he took a look at the audience around the stage, seeing that a great portion of them had been intimidated after hearing Noel's words. Then again, such a feeling only lasted for a brief moment, with the audience bringing up the price to 15 platinum cards. "On behalf of the Blacksmith Guild, I'll bid 20 platinum cards." However, just as Valyr thought that the price of the spear wouldn't get any higher, Julian's voice echoed throughout the entire auction house all of a sudden. With that, the young man looked at the middle-aged man behind him in shock, wondering what was going on through the latter's mind at the moment. "Hehe." In response, Julian only looked back at the young man and grinned. Chapter 532: The Final Price "…" Taking in a few deep breaths in response to the immense shock Julian's action had given him, it took a while for the young man to fully recover his thoughts, hearing some of the audience continue to increase the price even further. Though the momentum of bidding on the item had considerably slowed down due to both the Spearman Guild and the Blacksmith Guild bidding on it, the price had still increased, now reaching a total of 22 platinum cards and 50 platinum coins. "I'll bid 24 platinum cards." Just as Sirius was about to begin counting to three to move onto the next item, Noel's voice resounded throughout the auction house one more time, prompting almost all of the audience to give up bidding on the spear. "I'll bid 25 platinum cards." However, even though Noel had placed the bid in the hopes of deterring everyone else in the audience from bidding higher than him, there was still one person who had no fear in doing so, even going so far as to taunt the old man into bidding more. "I'd suggest you give up on this spear, Noel. This one's going to belong to the Blacksmith Guild." "It would be ironic if the Spearman Guild did not get their hands on a spear," replied Noel with a scoff, only to give a counteroffer soon after. "27 platinum cards. I wonder if you could beat that, Julian." "28 platinum cards!" Julian responded back with a slight chuckle. At this point, everyone in the audience was silent, wondering who among the two would be the eventual winner of the spear. "Such a price is only a drop in the bucket for the Blacksmith Guild. I wonder if the Spearman Guild has such financial assets on hand." "Grr…" Letting out a low growl in anger, Noel eventually let out a low sigh as he gave what would be his final counteroffer. "30 platinum cards! If you bid any higher than this, Julian, then I'll give up on the spear altogether." . Unfortunately for the old man, his counteroffer would also be the final offer on the spear. "30 platinum cards, huh…" Saying these words, Julian let out a bit of teasing laughter. "Yeah, I guess that's more than enough for a spear of that quality. You win, Noel!" "Grr… Darn you, Julian!" Of course, it did not take long for Noel to realize what Julian aimed to achieve, his scream reverberating throughout the entire auction house as the building shook for a brief moment. "30 platinum cards going once… going twice… sold to the representative of the Spearman Guild?" Amidst the conversation between Noel and Julian, seeing that no one was bidding a higher price on the spear, Sirius went ahead and counted the three with a tone of uncertainty. After all, he did not know whether or not he should be counting to three in the first place. Though with how both Julian and Noel had gone silent after their small argument, the man was left scratching the back of his head, letting out a faint sigh as he tried his best to shift the audience's attention onto the next item. … "Why…" With the bidding over his spear now over, Valyr took the downtime in between items as a chance to ask Julian what was going on in his mind as he bid on his weapon. However, with how he was still in great disbelief, only the first word of his question could come out. "It was supposed to be another reward of yours for obtaining the leader position in the upcoming inheritance." Though the man did not hear the entire question, Julian did not take long to understand what the young man wanted to ask, slightly grinning as he responded. "However, who would've thought that old man would give you the money I was planning to give instead?" "Was this…" Still trying to process the entire situation that had unfolded earlier in his mind, Valyr tried to ask yet another question to the man, only to find his question stuck in his throat yet again. "Was the whole bidding against one another thing orchestrated by the two of us? Is that what you were trying to ask?" Understanding how shocked Valyr felt from obtaining a huge amount of money in such a short moment, Julian worked with the young man as he asked multiple possible questions the young man might have with the same first words, nodding after seeing Valyr nod back in response to his guess. "Not at all." Finally figuring out the question that Valyr wanted to ask him, Julian shook his head in response. "I guess he also had the same idea as me to help you out in preparation for the inheritance. After all, he was the one who gave you your current subclass, no?" "Yeah…" Though Valyr was surprised to find out that Julian knew about his subclass, it did not take long for him to get over it since he had a feeling the two of them would talk about his progress every once in a while. Fortunately, it was around this point that he had finally gotten over the shock he felt from the final bidding price, letting out a long sigh as he noticed an archaic-looking book being wheeled into the stage. "How much would I get from the spear, exactly?" Seeing as Sirius was preparing to introduce the next item, Valyr took the time to ask Julian about his profits from the item, knowing that the auction house would take part of it as a fee. "Well, the auction house normally takes around 20% of the final price as a commission fee," said Julian in response. "However, due to how high of a price it was able to reach in the end, I'm sure they'll reduce that commission fee of theirs to 10%. In other words, you now have about 30 platinum cards under your name." "More than enough to buy that Wyvern Core you wanted." Though Valyr nodded in response to Julian's words as he waited for Sirius to introduce the archaic-looking book, he still could not wrap his head around the fact that he had that much money while still being at the peak of Rank 2. Though 30 platinum cards did not seem like much, the average amount of money a player would have at the peak of Rank 2 was around 5 to 10 platinum coins. Even if these players had formed an alliance and pooled their money together, the total amount they would have would range from 1 to 5 platinum cards. Yet, here he was, with an amount of money at least six times as much as that. 'At the very least, I won't have to worry about where to get funds for my future experiments in the meantime.' As this thought lingered in his mind, Sirius had finally begun introducing the item to the audience, with Valyr intently listening to it. Though, as the young man continued to listen more and more to Sirius' introduction, his eyes widened in surprise as a question now began to linger in his mind. 'Now how the heckdid such a legendary item appear in this place?!' Chapter 533: An Unbelievable Find "I'm sure everyone here is wondering why the auction house would unveil such a dirty-looking item after we showed a weapon that everyone wanted to get for themselves." As he said these words to keep the audience's attention on him, Sirius had a bitter smile on his face. "Well, to be frank with everyone in this auction house, the entire appraisal team of the Leio Auction House has no clue as to what item this really is." Unsurprisingly, after hearing those words come out of Sirius' mouth, multiple people wondered whether this was just another one of those moments where he said he did not know what the item to inflate the price to greater heights. Though, as these people listened further to the man's explanation of what the man was, they eventually thought that the auction house really did have no clue what it was. "Of course, as one of the most prestigious auction houses in the continent, we were still able to obtain a tiny piece of information regarding the item," said Sirius, trying his best to keep the audience's interests piqued. "As far as our appraisers could decode the writings on the book's cover, it seems to be some sort of technique or skill book as we've deciphered the word 'scripture' on it." Hearing that, a fair portion of the audience shifted their attention to the archaic-looking book that was on display. At first, they wondered to themselves what kind of writing Sirius was talking about. Though, as they continued to stare at the book for longer, they eventually saw the various scribbles on the book's cover, each character being barely visible to the naked eye. "As for what kind of technique or skill is contained within the book exactly… we've deduced that it might have a passive skill attached to it that boosts all physical stats." Scratching the back of his head as he felt like he had made a mistake to place the item on the auction's second half, Sirius inwardly let out a sigh, continuing in his attempts to improve the item's image to the audience. "Unfortunately, the appraisers found out that this boost in stats would only amount to a 2% increase at most." Earlier, when Sirius mentioned that the skill possibly attached to the book would boost all physical stats, a few had gained the courage to bid on it, thinking they might strike it rich. Though, once they heard that the increase in stats was quite minuscule, all of that swiftly disappeared, prompting everyone to look at each other as they wondered whether this item would
