the inheritance without much problems," added the young man, even though Faulus was already on the brink of fainting at the information he had heard. "For now, let us prepare our journey to the plains tomorrow," said Valyr, noticing that the sky was now beginning to turn dark. Apologizing to the others once more for being the last one to wake up, he continued, "If you have the XP to do so, upgrade your levels to the peak of Rank 3. Just bring your equipment to me after that so I can enhance it to match your current levels." Nodding in response, Hal took out what looked to be camping supplies from his spatial bracelet. "I'll take care of our housing for tonight, then." "I guess I'll take care of cooking." Shrugging her shoulders, Loreina began to take out a small amount of raw ingredients from her spatial bracelet, asking Vera to help her out. "I will be…" Pondering over what he could do to help the others out, a wry smile eventually appeared on Faulus' face as he realized everything that could be done had already been done by the others. "Concocting potions, I guess." With that, the five of them busied themselves as the sky continued to turn dark. During that time, Valyr had taken out the anvil and portable furnace he had brought for the inheritance from his spatial bracelet, faintly nodding after he was satisfied with their placement. Waiting for the others to finish their tasks and give their equipment to him, the young man decided to take a look at his notifications for the meantime, keeping his eyes peeled for notifications that stood out among the rest. 'Oh…?' Unsurprisingly, it did not take long for him to find one that greatly piqued his interest, inwardly grinning as another screen appeared beside the one he had brought up. 'Well then.' 'That's a welcome surprise.' Chapter 583: Four Pillars: New Features Ding! [You have now arrived at the midpoint on the path to transcending mortality. A whole new world of power has been made available for you, allowing you to comprehend the strength of the world itself and convert it into your own.] [The ability to view one's Intents and one's progress towards comprehension of Intents has been unlocked.] [The ability to comprehend and enhance Intents has been unlocked.] [Due to your experiences thus far, you have accrued a considerable amount of understanding regarding some concepts of the world. With a bit more effort and comprehension, you can convert these concepts into a rudimentary strength you can wield, taking on the form of an Intent Seed.] 'Huh. Who knew I was actually close to comprehending Intent Seeds?' Reading through the long list of notifications brought about by his evolution, a faint smile appeared on Valyr's lips as he took note of the last notification involving Intents. In the meantime, he commanded the system to bring up a screen beside the one he was already looking at, wanting to obtain greater detail on his progress. Being a feature that could only be unlocked after a being had ascended to Rank 3, Intents added a whole new layer to one's combat, incorporating one's understanding of the world's concepts in their every move. Though, for players, Intents did something else that seemed far more important. A massive increase to one's Attack stat. Then again, even NPCs sought to obtain Intents for their own due to this exact feature. Unfortunately, there were multiple barriers that made it considerably difficult for one to obtain their Intent, causing some players and NPCs to give up on getting one and find another way of gaining more strength instead. Before comprehending an Intent, one would first have to find a concept that suited them. Then, after finding that specific concept, they would increase their understanding of it until it reached a saturation point. Once one slightly surpassed that saturation point, a qualitative change of one's understanding would begin to occur, creating a resonance between the world and the level of understanding one had achieved. Through that, a rudimentary connection would be formed between them and the world, taking on the form of an Intent Seed. As long as one had successfully formed an Intent Seed, it could be said that the being would be guaranteed to comprehend their Intent at some point in the future. However, there existed four stages that separated one from transforming their Intent Seed into an Intent, which were the nascent stage, the first stage, the second stage, and the culmination stage. Ding! Intents: [Intent Seed of Flames] - 82% progress to the Nascent stage [Intent Seed of Forging] - 85% progress to the Nascent stage [Intent Seed of the Spear] - 53% progress to the Nascent stage [Intent Seed of Shadow Energy] - 32% progress to the Nascent stage [Intent Seed of the Four Elements] - 29% progress to the Nascent stage 'I thought I was already lucky to be close in comprehending a single Intent Seed.' Shifting his attention towards the screen containing his Intents, Valyr's eyes briefly widened in disbelief, taking quite some time to calm down. 'To think that I had actually made progress in comprehending five of them from what I've been doing so far.' Though, after looking at the possible Intents he could awaken once more, the young man eventually nodded in understanding. "Then again, since they're related to what I've used often throughout my journey, I guess it makes sense." "I'll have to keep them in mind." Satisfied with what he had discovered, he then moved onto the other notifications he had yet to read, with the next ones piquing his interest yet again. [Your level of access to the Technology Tree has been improved. You are now eligible to unlock Intermediate level advancements from the Technology Tree.] [Your level of access to the Technology Tree has been improved. More advancements have now been made available to you.] 'Thankfully, I still have enough Technology Points to unlock and upgrade one very important advancement.' Faintly chuckling at the notifications he had just read, Valyr briefly glanced at the others to see what they were doing. Seeing that they were still occupied with their tasks for a bit longer, he went ahead and opened up the Technology Tree, allocating a considerable number of his remaining points towards the Production branch. Ding! [You have unlocked the advancement <Basic Advancement Lv. 1>.] [You have upgraded the advancement <Basic Advancement> to Lv. 5 (MAX).] [As you have unlocked <Basic Advancement>, you have gained the active skill 'Basic Equipment Advancement'.] [Due to your current class, your active skill 'Basic Equipment Advancement' has been changed to 'True Prodigious Equipment Advancement'.] "Finally unlocked Advancements," said the young man with a grin. Taking a look at the Technology Tree's Production branch to see if there were any other important advancements he could unlock with his remaining Technology Points, Valyr eventually found out that everything else could be saved for a later time, prompting him to return his attention back to his notifications. Ding! [Your active skill 'True Prodigious Forging Style+' has been improved.] [Your active skill 'True Prodigious Equipment Creation+' has been improved.] … [Your passive skill 'True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight' has been improved.] 'So, rather than giving me a new skill, the evolution instead enhanced all of the skills I've unlocked from the class thus far.' Looking at the similar-looking notifications he had gotten, Valyr could only nod in understanding, commanding the system to bring up the description of one of the enhanced skills. "Oh! The rarity's been increased." Unexpectedly, it did not take long for the young man to find out what had changed, noticing that almost every skill he had that started with the words 'True Prodigious' now had a plus modifier on their rarity. "It's a shame [True Prodigious Equipment Advancement+] didn't undergo the same treatment." "That only leaves me with the stat changes brought about by the ascension, then." Inwardly praising himself for having gone through a lot of notifications in a considerably short time, Valyr finally focused his attention on what looked to be the most important set of notifications he had received from the ascension. Unfortunately, before he could even begin reading through the first one… "Hey, Valyr?" "Mind if we talk in private for a bit?" Chapter 584: Four Pillars: Message ? . "Is there something wrong?" Slightly frowning as he had been interrupted, Valyr's expression swiftly went back to normal after seeing that Vera was who had asked the question. Considering that it had been a while since they last saw each other, and that Mystia was her mentor, it went without saying that there was not a lot of things that stopped the young man from agreeing. Hearing Valyr's question, Vera shook her head. "If you're talking about the camp for tonight, there's nothing wrong. In fact, everything's more or less done." "Instead, I've come to talk with you regarding my mentor." At those words, Valyr went silent. Then, after a while, he faintly nodded at her before telling the other three that the two of them were going to walk around the surroundings for a bit. Urging Vera to walk beside him after getting a green light from the three, the young man thought back to the notifications he had received earlier before entering the Four Pillars' Inheritance. 'Is Vera going to talk about the notifications Mystia had sent me?' Ding! Commanding the system to bring up his notification screen after dispelling it earlier, the young man swiftly scrolled to the notifications Mystia had sent him before entering the rift. With how the messages in each notification seemed cryptic and related to the Mystic Plane, it only made sense that she was the one who sent it to him. [The Saintess of the Mystic Plane wishes for you to keep an eye on the seed she has been nurturing all this time. The Saintess also promises that you shall be rewarded accordingly once you return from the depths of the separated space.] [The Saintess of the Mystic Plane shows slight disappointment at the thought of you not making efforts at communication after obtaining access to the energy of the Mystic Plane. As a compromise, the Saintess tells you in advance that the seed she has been nurturing shall guide you on the usage and control of such energies instead.] [The Saintess of the Mystic Plane looks at you with a mysterious smile. Two messages from the Saintess herself has been attached.] [Though I do understand why you would hide something like that, I've already figured it out. In any case, since you don't want others to find it out, then I shall not share that information until you do so.] [Then again, there will eventually come a time where you'll have to come clean.] 'Ignoring all of the fanciful words she's used in her notifications, she basically has three things to tell me,' thought the young man to himself, with the last thing among the three briefly causing a bitter smile to appear on his face. 'I wonder if Vera is going to tell me those things as well?' "I think we're far enough from the others." After walking along the line that demarcated their camp from the plains for quite some time, Valyr stopped in his tracks and looked at Vera with a solemn expression. Sitting on a nearby boulder, he then began to inquire further. "What did your mentor need to tell me?" "She told me that I have to teach you how to control and master the usage of Mystic Energy." Seeing that Valyr had made him comfortable, Vera sat on another nearby boulder to make herself comfortable as well. "As far as I know, only I and my mentor have control over that energy." "However, she told me in response that you'd know what to do when I told you about it." Scratching her head, Vera looked at the young man to possibly gain a bit more understanding, only for her to look at Valyr with widened eyes. Extending one of his hands outward, a small ball of energy consistently bobbed up and down as it hovered above Valyr's palm. Unlike mana, the energy making up the ball had taken on a pinkish tone, giving off the feeling that each mote of light making up the ball contain far more energy that a mote of mana could ever contain. Plus, unlike Shadow Energy, it gave off the feeling that it could birth new things out of existence rather than make them disappear, only need the young man's thoughts and willpower to do so. "Mystic Energy?!" Vera exclaimed in disbelief. "How did you get your hands on it?" "Let's just say it's a very long story involving your mentor." Dispelling the ball of Mystic Energy, Valyr looked at Vera with a wry smile. "Anyways, how would you go about teaching me how to use it?" "That… I'm not too sure actually." Hearing Valyr's question, Vera scratched the back of her head for a bit. "She only told me all of this before the two of us arrived at the entrance to the inheritance." "Nevertheless, I'll try my best to create something that would allow me to effectively teach you how to use it." At those words, Valyr could only smile, nodding as he asked her if there was something else Mystia wanted her to tell him. Nodding in response to the question, Vera responded, "She also told me that I would be under your care during our journey into the depths of the inheritance. She also mentioned that she would make it worth your while, giving you something in exchange once we leave the inheritance." 'So, more or less everything that I already knew.' Faintly nodding in understanding as a response to her words, the young man expected her to talk about how Mystia already knew about him actually being a Harbinger. Though the way she went about telling him that through the notification was incredibly vague, with their infrequent interactions thus far, only something like that would warrant her to take on a more cryptic approach. However, surprisingly, after informing Valyr of those two things, Vera urged the two of them to return back to the camp after noticing that the others were calling for them from afar. For a brief moment, the young man was surprised, only to let out a faint chuckle as he finally understood what was going on. 'You really are a woman of your word.' Nodding as he and Vera headed back to the camp the others had set up, Valyr thought a bit more about what Mystia was planning by having Vera join him in the inheritance, only to push all of those thoughts aside once the two of them had returned. Chapter 585: Four Pillars: Massive Improvement "I see everyone has already pushed their levels to the limits of Rank 3." Bonding over a nice hearty meal under the night sky, Valyr looked at Faulus, Hal, and Loreina, with a smile, sensing the massive difference in their auras compared to earlier. "Remember to give your equipment so I could upgrade them to match your current levels. Aside from that, you're free to do whatever." "Will you be upgrading our equipment late into the night, then?" Taking a spoonful of the soup Loreina had cooked into his mouth, Hal looked at Valyr with a curious expression. In response, Valyr faintly nodded. "Most likely, but it's all fine. I'm used to working on something late into the night. I just gotta take breaks from time to time, that's all." "I see." Though he felt an urge to dissuade Valyr from staying up so late since they still had to trek down to the plains early in the morning, seeing the confident yet calm expression on the young man's face, Hal decided to keep his thoughts to himself. Even though he had already come to terms with the fact that Ylvar was actually Valyr, it would still take a while for him to actually open up to the man. With that, the five of them bonded for a bit longer, talking about each other's preparations for the inheritance in a joking manner. By the time the soup Loreina has made was all gone, it was only then did the five go do their own tasks, though not before giving their respective equipment for Valyr to upgrade. 'I guess I have a long night ahead of me.' Looking at the small pile of intricate equipment laid out in front of him, Valyr let out a bit of laughter as he carefully formed a barrier of mana around the equipment, even going so far as to utilize [Intermediate Earth Manipulation] to control the ground underneath it. Then, with a single thought, he moved the entire pile to his temporary workshop, placing the pile of equipment near the anvil as he brought out the Hammer of Beginnings from his spatial bracelet. Placing the hammer on the anvil, he then brought out his True Wyvern Armor, his spear, and the primitive gun he had made, thinking that he would upgrade his items last. 'Now that I think about it, I can finally take a look at those notifications I wanted to look at earlier.' Taking in a few deep breaths as he composed himself for the task he was about to do, a sudden thought surfaced in the young man's mind, prompting him to command the system to bring up the notification screen one last time. Ding! [Your species 'Human (2nd Unsealing)' has been changed to 'Human (3rd Unsealing)'. As you have transitioned to a higher-level species, you have gained +26 VIT, +26 STR, +24 AGI, +40 DEX, +40 INT, +21 WIS, +24 PER, and +15 LUK.] [Your class 'True Prodigious Blacksmith (Mythic)' has been improved to adapt to Rank 3 standards.] [You have gained +5 VIT, +5 STR, +6 AGI, +8 DEX, +8 INT, +3 WIS, +4 PER, and +1 LUK.] [Your subclass 'Shadow Serpentine Manalancer (Rare)' has been improved to adapt to Rank 3 standards.] [You have gained +3 VIT, +2 STR, +5 AGI, +6 DEX, and +6 INT.] [You have gained 6 unassigned stat points.] "Darn. That's a massive improvement." Whistling from the considerable increase his stats had undergone from the ascension alone, the young man went ahead and brought up his status screen, only to whistle once more. "Even without the armor set and the spear on my back, my DEX and INT are both over 800 points…" "Guess I should use the XP I have and max my level to the peak of Rank 3 before proceeding with the upgrades." Moving his status screen to the side as he dispelled the notification screen, Valyr went ahead and ordered the system to use up his unused XP to upgrade his level to Level 55. Ding! [82,585,279 XP has been consumed.] [Your level has increased by 14 levels.] [You are now Level 55.] [You have gained the following stats from your class: +70 VIT, +70 STR, +84 AGI, +112 DEX, +112 INT, +42 WIS, +56 PER, and +14 LUK.] [You have gained the following stats from your subclass: +42 VIT, +28 STR, +70 AGI, +84 DEX, and +84 INT.] [You have gained 84 unassigned stat points.] [You have reached the level limit of your current class. To increase this limit, it is highly advised for you to ascend to a higher class.] [Would you like to ascend?] "And to think I still have over a hundred million XP waiting to be used after that." Feeling a great surge of strength flow throughout his body, Valyr went ahead and distanced himself from the camp before going out on a couple of movements to acclimate himself. Chuckling at how much of a drastic increase his combat strength had undergone, he then went ahead and allocated his unassigned stat points evenly between DEX and INT like he always did. It was only after doing so did he finally look at his status screen, whistling in admiration as he let out a cackle. "That… is some massive improvement." Ding! [Valyr Zeihardt] Class: True Prodigious Blacksmith (Rank 3 — Mythic) Subclass: Shadow Serpentine Manalancer (Rare) Species: Human (3rd Unsealing) Level: 55 Power Level: 24,620 (A+) Unused XP: 127,905,264 HP: 20,306/20,306 MP: 39,076/39,076 Shadow Energy: 89/89 Mystic Energy: 1/1 Attack: 5,392 - 5,392 Defense: 2,380 - 2,380 Stats: 661 VIT, 612 STR, 751 AGI, 1293 DEX, 1272 INT, 379 WIS, 507 PER, 209 LUK Hidden Stats: 5 Mana Purity, 5 Vigor Remarks: Even without any equipment, your strength rivals those at higher ranks. Consider yourself a demon in sheep's clothing. "I wonder how much of an increase my stats would undergo after I upgrade my armor and weapons to match my current level." Dispelling his status screen, Valyr made his way back to his temporary workshop, a wide smile adorning his face all throughout. "At this point, I'm pretty sure I could even give those Rank 5 beings with Rare grade classes a run for their money." "Then again…" Picking up his hammer as he was about to begin upgrading all of their equipment for tomorrow, a question popped up in his mind all of a sudden. "Since I still have all this leftover XP, should I just ascend straight to Rank 4?" "…" "…" "…" "On second thought, never mind." "I would only be shooting myself in the foot if I didn't make the most out of my current rank." Chapter 586: Four Pillars: Advancement "Speaking of which, since I still have all this XP to use, I should max that skill out." Since he had more or less gone through all of his notifications from the ascension, as well as increased his stats to the peak of Rank 3, Valyr finally focused his attention on what he planned to do for the night. Commanding the system to upgrade the skill he had obtained to its current limits, a prompt swiftly appeared in front of his field of vision. [Would you like to consume 1 Common grade Skill Key, 1
