108 PER, 90 LUK Remarks: Surprisingly, you have an actual shot at killing it. "Well then." As Valyr bitterly smiled while taking a look at the screen that popped up in front of him, Damian and the others raised their eyebrows in curiosity as they shifted their heads, wondering what made him say those things. Noticing their attention all focused on him, Valyr turned the screen around, omitting the remarks he had received along the way before asking them a question. "So, what's the plan?" Chapter 350: Facing Another Tidemother "Over 10,000 HP…" Reading through the status screen Valyr was showing them, the expressions on Damian and the others' faces quickly turned grim, only for it to worsen as they focused their attention on the Tidemother's stats. "On top of that, its physical stats are all over 200 points at least." "I definitely wouldn't be able to deal enough damage if the goal is to end it quickly." Pondering over her chances against the Tidemother in a one-on-one fight for a bit, Myst was the first to voice out her thoughts, informing the other three that she wouldn't be a good fit. "With the damage I normally dish out, I can only deal hundreds per hit at most." "Unfortunately, I'm in the same boat as Myst over here." Not long after, Tristan voiced out his thoughts as well, his face adorned with a bitter smile. "I may grow stronger the longer these battles take, but even the damage I dish out at my strongest state would only deal a little bit over a thousand damage against the Tidemother… give or take." Listening to their words, Valyr inwardly let out a faint sigh as he thought about how they were able to accurately give out how much damage they would deal against the Tidemother. Fortunately, after pondering over it for a bit, he recalled that the system had an obscure feature that would give players an estimate of how much damage they would deal against a certain enemy, though players generally relied more on the formulas other players had conceived, considering that the formulas were more accurate to them. Nevertheless, with the two reminding him of such an obscure feature, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to bring up his damage estimates if he fought against the Tidemother. Unsurprisingly, the response the system gave him was that the damage he could deal at the moment was more than enough to kill the Tidemother, even if he were to be alone. 'Mythic class plus Epic grade armor set. Truly OP.' Of course, Valyr knew why the system had given him such a message, causing him to briefly flash a bitter smile as he soon inwardly let out a sigh. 'I guess they're just waiting me for take the initiative.' "How about you, Damian? Confident in being able to take down the Tidemother?" Then again, even though he had a strong feeling that the three were just waiting for him to take charge of the fight against the final wave, Valyr decided that he wouldn't give them the satisfaction that easily, focusing the attention of the other two on Damian as he asked the latter a question. "Myst and Tristan have already mentioned that they wouldn't be able to dish out enough damage against the Tidemother if the plan is to kill it as quickly as possible," replied Damian with a bitter smile. "Let alone me." "At most, my offensive capabilities would be slightly above Myst's, but still below Tristan's," he continued. "Who says we have to kill the Tidemother as quickly as possible, though? We could just slowly damage it to death." After listening to the words spoken by the three so far, Valyr noticed that the three were under the illusion that they'd have to kill the Tidemother as quickly as possible. "Though over 10,000 HP may be a lot, a hundred or a thousand is still a significantly huge chunk." "You forgot to take into consideration the Tidemother's berserk state." In response, Damian informed Valyr about the berserk state the Tidemother undergoes at a certain health, prompting Myst and Tristan to nod in agreement as they listened in on the explanation. By the end of Damian's explanation, Valyr looked at the three with a solemn expression before proceeding to ask them a question… which only made them feel exasperation. "So what if the Tidemother goes berserk?" "The Tidemother becomes harder to kill!" Feeling a bit annoyed at how Valyr was treating the Tidemother's berserk state so nonchalantly, Tristan responded to his question in a slightly loud voice. "Its movements become faster, its attacks become quicker, its defense becomes sturdier, what part of that don't you get?" "I definitely get that," said Valyr in response. "But as I said earlier, so what if the Tidemother goes berserk? It may take a longer time to deal damage to it and we would need to dodge more, but we'd still be able to kill it, no?" "You're missing the point here, Valyr." Listening to Valyr's words, Damian eventually let out a soft sigh. "Our stats are far below the Tidemother's. Mine's, Myst's, Tristan's. If our stats were only a couple dozen of points below the Tidemother, sure, we'd probably take the risk and slowly damage it to death. However, the disparity here is in the hundreds, Valyr. Hundreds." "I may pride myself in the fact that I can fight against a group of foes at the same level as I am and become victorious, but I am in no way confident that I'd be able to surmount a gap in stats that high." At these words, Damian slowly shook his head before looking back at Valyr. "Even Myst and Tristan pride themselves in their combat proficiency, being able to fight against a group of foes on their own at the same level and emerge victorious. But just like me, they know their limits. They definitely won't risk surmounting a gap that high." "Out of all of us, you have the highest chance of dealing a great amount of damage to the Tidemother, as if you clearing out the first and third waves on your own hadn't already made that obvious." Saying these words, Damian went ahead and activated [Analysis] on Valyr, taking a quick look at the latter's stats. "In fact, I have a feeling that out of all of us, you're the only one here who could probably match the Tidemother in stats." "Well, would you look at that. I'm actually correct." Looking at Valyr with a bitter smile, Damian closed up the screen that appeared in front of him before telling the former a few things. "How about this? You take the lead in the fight, but we'll aid you in the fight as much as possible." "You really had to take a look at my status screen…" Bitterly smiling in response to Damian's proposal, Valyr let out a low sigh before eventually nodding. "Alright, fine. Let's get this over with." "I'll need someone to bind the Tidemother in place while the others would distract the Tidemother." Though he inwardly frowned at the fact that Damian took a look at his status screen, Valyr thought about the various times he had checked into other people's stats without their permission, thinking that it would be unfair for him to get mad at the man even though it was the first time the latter had done so. With that, he placed the thought at the back of his head for now as he began to formulate a plan with the other three. "I'll do the binding," said Myst in response. "We'll be the ones distracting it, then." Not long after, Tristan responded to Valyr's words, prompting the latter to nod as he brought out his spear. "Guess we'll do it that way, then." Turning around to look at the Tidemother far into the horizon, Valyr asked a question to his spear through his thoughts. 'You ready to fight against another Tidemother, Sana?' 'Always ready, Master.' 'Let's give it our all, then.' Chapter 351: At A Loss For Words After the four of them talked about the specifics of what they were going to do for the final wave, Damian and the others went off their separate ways for the meantime, with Tristan, Myst, and Valyr deciding to take the time to rest and recuperate the stamina and mana they had lost during the fourth wave. As for Damian, since he had stayed at the frontlines all throughout the defense so far, his condition was still at its peak, which prompted him to infuse his voice with mana as it resounded throughout the village outskirts not long after. "Men! Heed my words!" "We are now up against the final wave! To those that have stuck at the frontlines thus far, you have my greatest gratitude. As for those who have decided to retreat from the frontlines midway, you have my gratitude regardless." "Nevertheless, the time is nigh for the village to push itself to its limits, with the only obstacle hindering the village's safety being the Tidemother far into the horizon!" As these words reverberated throughout the area, most of the people at the frontlines let out roars in unison, their morales surprisingly at an all-time high. Continuing to rest on nearby boulders, Valyr and the others watched the scene unfold with faint smiles on their faces. "For this final wave, the elite of the elite of our Astarto Village shall be making a noble sacrifice, being the ones who shall slay the Tidemother before us." Damian's voice continued to echo throughout the outskirts. "These people are Valyr Zeihardt, Myst Verielle, Tristan Melphon, and myself, Damian Waters." "I assure you right now that all of us shall return to this place whole, with the Tidemother slain before you could even think about it." Saying these words, the expression on Damian's face turned solemn. "However, to those that are willing to join us in killing the Tidemother, relieving us a bit of our burdens, you are free to do so." Within seconds after Damian was done talking, a great portion of the people started to murmur with one another, all of them talking about the words he had just spoken. Listening to their conversations, Valyr and the others felt interest from them at first, with all of them talking about how they wanted to become the second Tidebreaker or become someone similar to the village guardian. Though, as time continued to pass, the confidence people had in themselves gradually waned, doubts gradually lingering in their minds until eventually, all of them came to the conclusion that they would be a far greater burden if they were to participate, thinking about how their strength would not make a difference in front of the Tidemother. "Is there anything you want me to do, Damian?" Almost all of them. "Lythia." Seeing a mature-looking woman in her thirties appear in front of him, Damian flashed a bright smile as he took a closer look at the woman that appeared in front of him. Jet-black hair that gradually took on a hint of dark blue at the tips, an aura that made him feel like she had control over all of the mana in their surroundings, as well as a few runes that glowed a faint blue on the surface of her hands, Damian turned around to look at the other three that would also participate in the final wave, smiling soon after as they nodded at him. "So, what do you need me to do?" Nodding back at Damian's greeting, Lythia asked the man in front of her once more. "Do you have any binding skills on you?" In response, Damian answered Lythia's question with a question of his own. "I do have a few, but the efficacy depends on how strong of a Tidemother we're up against." Hearing those words, Damian went ahead and told Lythia of the Tidemother's strength, causing the latter to frown for a bit before her expression eventually eased up. "I only have one skill that might be effective against a monster like that, but it'll take a few seconds to cast it." As these words left Lythia's mouth, Damian assured her that it would be fine, telling her that she would work together with Myst in binding the Tidemother in place. With that, the two talked more about the plan that they would execute during the fifth wave, with Tristan and the others joining them not long after. … Rumble… "The Tidemother's coming!" Whilst the five were chatting with one another near the frontlines to get a better sense of everyone's strengths, a person at the central defense wing of the village yelled out all of a sudden, prompting the five to prepare themselves as all of them quickly had solemn expressions on their faces. Whoosh! "Let's do this!" Amidst the panic the remaining defenders at the frontlines felt from hearing that the Tidemother was heading their way, Tristan and Damian took the lead in executing the plan, dashing at the limits of what their bodies could handle as they soon moved at an even greater speed, activating their respective buffing skills. "[Battle Mania]!" "[Flowing Sword Steps]!" "Screeeeee!!!" As for the Tidemother, it instantly became incensed once it noticed the presence of two humans getting closer to where it was. Without hesitation, it increased its speed, its legs slamming into the ground with great force, as if they were hammers that fell from the heavens. "[Basic Wind Magic Style: Fleeting Breeze]!" Casting a Wind-attributed skill that enhanced the agility of the two women before him, Valyr watched as Lythia and Myst moved away from the frontlines, heading towards the Tidemother to bind it in place as Tristan and Damian were just a few seconds away from getting into position. "I should start moving as well." Seeing that the latter two had finally gotten into position, distracting the Tidemother as they landed attacks on its various limbs, Valyr took in a deep breath before proceeding to move towards their enemy at the fastest speed he could muster, activating all of his buffing skills in the meantime. "[Limit Break]." "[Offense Aura]." "[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]." Whoosh! "This is surprisingly easier than I thought!" Moving through the limbs of the Tidemother to land an attack before the former could retaliate, Tristan continued to do what he was tasked to do as he exclaimed out towards the other person that was doing the same thing as him. "That's because we're not the ones that are mainly dealing damage!" Of course, Damian also felt the same thing as Tristan, though he knew that the reason why the two of them felt like this was because the pressure of having to kill the Tidemother was not on them, instead being on the person that was swiftly making his way to where they were at great speeds. "[Eternal Sword Array]!" "[Vines of Greater Binding]!" Whoosh! Whoosh! While both Tristan and Damian continued to distract the Tidemother from what they had in mind, dealing a bit of damage here and there, Lythia and Myst eventually arrived at where the first two were, activating their respective binding skills as soon as possible. Within seconds, a field of white blades and a great amount of large vines appeared beneath the Tidemother, with Tristan and Damian surprisingly being able to move through these obstacles without worry. "Screeeee!!!" Letting out yet another shriek as it now had an idea of what the humans were doing, the Tidemother tried its best to move away from the blades and vines that had appeared underneath it, knowing that its chances of survival would be significantly lowered if it were to get caught up in the vines. With that, the Tidemother ignored the attacks being landed by the two humans on its limbs for a brief moment as it quickly jumped into the air, slamming all of its limbs on the ground soon after. Bang! "Gah!" As the skills both Lythia and Myst cast need immense amounts of concentration, it was no surprise that the move the Tidemother pulled out had deactivated both, causing the two immense mental strain as the ground continued to quake. However, rather than letting the pain wracking their minds defeat them, the two of them instead grit their teeth and endured it, forcing their bodies to move to where the Tidemother and the other two had gone before casting their respective binding skills once more. "Haah!" Whoosh! Whoosh! "Grieeeggghhhh!!!" Fortunately, this time around, Tristan and Damian had distracted the Tidemother enough to the point that both Lythia and Myst's skills had successfully attached themselves to the Tidemother's limbs. Gradually extending to cover the Tidemother's torso, the field of white blades and large vines soon dragged the Tidemother to the ground, tightly binding it in place even though the latter still continued to resist. "I'll take it from here!" With the final step of the plan being the only step lacking, Valyr mustered up all of the strength in his body as he zoomed at far greater speeds, extending his spear out as he swiftly moved towards the head of the Tidemother. Whoosh! "[Strike of the Venomous Night]!" Forcing his momentum to come to a halt, Valyr stopped just a few meters underneath the Tidemother's head before jumping with all of his strength, converting the momentum he had accumulated thus far into force behind his spear as he thrust it out with great force. Bang! Unexpectedly, rather than pierce through the Tidemother's head and make a clean hole that would undoubtedly kill the monster either way, the Tidemother's head instead burst under the force of Valyr's attack as a dark red number appeared above it, leaving everyone within the Tidemother's vicinity, including Valyr, at a loss for words. '-38,495!!!' … … … Ding! [You have completed the emergency quest 'Astarto Monster Tide'.] Chapter 352: After The Tide "Did you…" With everyone continuing to remain at a loss for words as the large number that appeared above the Tidemother's head still vividly lingered within their minds, Tristan was the first to break the silence that quickly covered the surroundings, shifting his gaze to Valyr as he posed a question to the latter. "Did you just…" "…" In response to the question, a bitter smile adorned Valyr's face, silently telling the man that had just asked the question that he had indeed done what the man was thinking. Seeing the bitter smile on the young man's face, Tristan looked at him for a bit before shaking his head with a bitter smile on his face as well, letting out a low sigh not long after. "To think you were already dealing a lot of damage back then at Level 10. Then again, you could only aid the main force during the monster tide," said Tristan, only to let out a bit of laughter soon after. "And now, the roles have been reversed, with you becoming the main force of the monster tide." "Time flies really quickly, don't you think?" Letting out another faint sigh, Tristan laughed once more as everyone eventually snapped back to reality, finally coming to terms that the situation that had unfolded just a while ago had indeed happened. To no surprise, Myst and Lythia swiftly moved to where Valyr was and quickly bombarded him with questions regarding how he was able to dish out that amount of damage. As for Tristan and Damian, the former watched the scene before him with a smile while the latter appeared beside him, nodding at Tristan before proceeding to look at Valyr and the others as well. However, unlike the smile that adorned his good friend's face, the expression on Damian's face was neutral, his gaze focused on Valyr as multiple thoughts lingered within his mind, a hint of greed briefly flashing through his eyes. Eventually, at some point, the five of them gathered together as they talked about what each of them would do now that the monster tide was officially done. Without hesitation, Lythia took the initiative to head back to the village to tell everyone of the good news, with Myst deciding not long after to accompany Lythia in informing everyone about it. Soon after, Damian decided that he would also accompany the two women back to the village, saying that he would have to manage a lot of things with Alfaera in preparation for the feast the village had every successful monster tide clearing. With that, Tristan and Valyr were the only ones left within the group that had not made a decision on what they would do. "Well, as the village blacksmith, you know very well that I harvest the parts of the Tidemother since I could use it in my equipment." As the three bade their farewell to Tristan and Valyr, Tristan looked at the latter before opening his mouth. "With that being said, I'll be here at the Tidemother for the next couple of hours since there's a lot of precious materials to harvest, especially with how large this Tidemother is." "How about you, Valyr? What do you plan on doing?" As this question left Tristan's mouth, the expression on Valyr's face contorted into a bitter smile as he asked a question of his own. "How do I go about saying this…" "Er… is it fine if I take the corpse of the Tidemother for myself?" "And here I thought I'd finally be able to experiment with some more precious stuff." In response to Valyr's question, a bitter smile adorned Tristan's face as he pondered over it for a bit in silence. Letting out a faint sigh not long after, the bitter smile on the man's face only widened as he said, "Then again, you did do most of the work out of all of us in this monster tide, plus I still have a lot of materials from the past Tidemothers to work with…" "I don't plan on taking all of it," said Valyr in response, feeling a bit of guilt at taking away Tristan's excitement. "You
