that they were going to sell beside the prominent buildings, prompting him to think that they had placed them there in order to shelter their stalls from the elements. Aside from that, he thought that they had set up stalls in those areas since the buildings beside them were hotspots for human activity. Continuing to admire the unique charm the outpost had to offer as he continued to make his way towards the dungeons, a thought popped up in his mind, causing him to think about how many Skill Keys he would need to either upgrade his skills to the next grade or unlock the bottleneck on their levels. eαglesnovel`c,om 'Hmm…' With the thought now lingering in his mind, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system in his mind to bring up his current skill list, to which the system quickly complied as a screen containing all of his skills appeared in front of him. Counting the number of Common and Uncommon grade skills he had on his list, he eventually got the figure he needed. 'So, I would need a total of 34 Common grade Skill Keys and 6 Uncommon grade Skill Keys.' 'Well, if I think about it, it would have been 7 if not for Julian giving me a key for [Enhanced Polymorph],' thought Valyr to himself, only to realize that he would need the same amount of Uncommon grade Skill Keys once he had used up all of the Common grade Skill Keys to evolve the Common grade skills. 'In short, I actually need 34 Common grade Skill Keys and 40 Uncommon grade Skill Keys.' Feeling a slight headache at the thought of having to grind in the dungeons for Skill Keys for a long time, Valyr took a few deep breaths to compose himself before heading to the dungeons at a slightly faster pace than earlier, arriving around 20 minutes later. … "Before I begin my explanation, welcome to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains." By the time Valyr had arrived at the entrance to the dungeons, a group of people had already been waiting to enter, only being barred by a single person that had a level of strength far greater than what Valyr or the others could hope to unleash. Fortunately, with Valyr's arrival, the person moved to the side as he welcomed everyone to the dungeons. "I'm sure all of you have come from various places in the continent, all for the sake of obtaining a lot of Skill Keys from the dungeons," said the man as the others could only nod in approval. "With that, let me tell everyone that you're only considered to be 'safe' in the dungeons if you have a level of strength greater than the peak of Rank 1 at the very least." At those words, the few people who were at the peak of Rank 1 slightly frowned, causing them to wonder whether it was worth heading to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains in the first place. Nevertheless, as they had already gotten this far, they decided to continue listening, even if it meant they were risking their lives doing so. "Of course, whether or not you choose to heed my words is not my problem." The man shrugged his shoulders before continuing. "Anyways, there are three entrances available that would lead you to specific dungeons found in these mountains." "To your left is the entrance to the Common Caves, which generally has a high chance of dropping Common grade Skill Keys, though there's also a small chance to obtain Uncommon grade Skill Keys from this place a well." "To the right of that is the entrance to the Uncommon Depths, where the Uncommon grade Skill Keys have a higher chance of dropping, while the chances of Common grade Skill Keys dropping are lower." "And lastly, to your very right is the entrance to the Rare Abyss, the only dungeon that drops Rare grade Skill Keys in this place. However, do be warned that you might spend a lot of time in this place due to its low drop rate." "I don't really have to explain anything else to you guys aside from the fact that you should make sure that you stay vigilant at all times," said the man to Valyr and the others. "Also, keep in mind that the monsters are considerably stronger than the ones you find in the wild, so don't get overconfident." "And with that, you're now free to go ahead and enter any dungeon of your choosing." Chapter 381: The Common Caves At the very moment the man that barred them from heading into the dungeons in the first place finally gave them the green light to move forward, a few of the people in the group made a mad dash towards the dungeons they've chosen, their bodies disappearing before they could make contact with the respective entrances. As for Valyr and the others, they took a more relaxed approach to getting to the entrances, considering that each and every of them would separate after they entered their dungeons. To those that only had the strength at the peak of Rank 1, they surprisingly heeded the words of the man from earlier and decided to not take too much of a risk, entering the Common Caves to the very left. For those that had strength surpassing the peak of Rank 1, the choices they made differed, with some choosing to head to the Common Caves, while others chose to head to the Uncommon Depths. Unexpectedly, a couple of people who had a level of strength lower than Valyr decided to enter the Rare Abyss, which elicited the man who had informed them of the dungeon earlier to let out a low sigh as he shook his head. Watching other people go through the entrances one by one, Valyr eventually made his move, heading in the direction of the leftmost entrance as he thought about how he'd probably end up spending more time in the Uncommon Depths. By the time he had arrived at the entrance to the Common Caves, a notification sound resounded in his mind as a couple of prompts appeared in front of his field of vision. Ding! [Would you like to enter the dungeon 'The Common Caves'?] [Note: This dungeon is only accessible to those at Level 25 or higher. Any being lower than Level 25 is barred from entering this dungeon.] Accepting the prompt that had appeared in front of him, Valyr's body swiftly disappeared from where he stood, only for it to appear in a dim place not long after. Whoosh! 'I guess I'm finally in the dungeon.' Feeling a hint of nausea from the teleport, Valyr allowed the dizziness to subside first before taking a look at his surroundings, which caused multiple memories of the dungeon he was currently in from the past to surface in his mind. From the name of the dungeon itself, the walls, ceiling, and floor of the dungeon looked more or less like what one would find if one were to explore a natural cave. However, unlike a natural cave, the shape of corridor before him was rectangular, with a few torches that gave off a weak light being sparsely placed on the walls. 'Well, let's start.' Knowing that he was in a room that allowed him to rest, Valyr did a few basic movements with body, some with the purpose of stretching his ligaments, while some were done with the purpose of having his body get used to sudden movements. After all, it had only been an hour or so since he woke up. Then, after he was done doing his stretches, he grabbed the spear affixed to his back and tightly gripped it with both hands, double checking if he was truly ready to fight. Of course, it was only at that moment did he think about how he had not prepared either health potions or mana potions for the dungeon he was about to delve into, even though his spatial bracelet had more than enough space to carry a few of them. However, after recalling the amount of damage he was able to deal through his normal attacks and his skills, he thought to himself that he would be fine if he were to only rely on passive regeneration for the meantime. If anything, he only had to make sure that he would have the dungeon monsters attack him instead of the other way around. With that, he made his way to the entrance that led to the next room, being a door-shaped hole that had a dark gray layer of energy acting as its door. Looking at it for a bit, Valyr pushed his hand through the door-shaped barrier of energy, only to find out that it was allowing him to pass through. Seeing as there wasn't really anything else he could do other than to pass through the barrier, the young man let out a faint sigh before proceeding to walk through the barrier of energy as if it wasn't there in the first place. By the time he had gotten through, the barrier of energy changed color, taking on a pitch black color as Valyr now felt a sense of resistance from the barrier. "There's no problem getting in, but you can never get out. Not surprised." Pushing a bit on the barrier after he had gotten through, it was only then did he feel the barrier push back on his extended hand. Seeing as the dungeon had now removed the option for him to return to the first room, Valyr turned around and proceeded through the corridor he had found himself in, walking at a leisurely pace as he remained vigilant. Rattle… After walking through the surprisingly long corridor for a couple of minutes, Valyr eventually felt a nefarious presence enter his senses, slightly hastening his pace for a bit to get a better look at who or what was causing the nefarious energy. Fortunately, it did not take long for him to see the origin of the energy, looking at what was undoubtedly a human skeleton. Hearing its bones rattle as it gradually turned around, as if surveying its surroundings, Valyr activated [Analysis] to get an idea of how strong it was. While doing so, he examined its appearance, taking note of the fact that its bones were pitch black in color, while a faint light flickered behind the sockets where the eyes would normally be. Ding! [Skeleton (Elite)] (Level 25) HP: 732/732 MP: 372/372 Stats: 61 VIT, 64 STR, 64 AGI, 64 DEX, 31 INT, 31 WIS, 31 PER, 31 LUK Remarks: Surprisingly high physical stats for what is essentially a bag of bones. 'No need to use a skill, then.' Closing up the screen before him, Valyr went ahead and made his presence known to the skeleton, causing its bones to rattle more as it madly dashed to where he was. However, before the skeleton could even land a single hit… Whoosh! Ding! [You have slain a Level 25 Skeleton (Elite). You have gained 1 XP.] Chapter 382: Grinding For Skill Keys Swinging his spear upward with great force, Valyr was able to bisect the skeleton into two, causing the faint light sparking beneath its eye sockets to dissipate within an instant. Not long after, the charred skeleton fell to the ground into a pile of bones, only for a notification sound to resound in Valyr's mind not long after. 'No Skill Key drop,' thought Valyr to himself before gazing at the path before him. With the help of decently high perception alongside the hyperfocus ability given to him by [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], he was able to notice quite a few skeletons roaming about along the path, most of which he could kill along the way. In fact, with how the path was mostly straight, he found out that the end of the path led to a large space, which contained skeletons that number into the dozens at the very least. With that in mind, he bent his knees, allowing them to accumulate strength before bursting forth with his high agility propelling him forward. Whoosh! With how drastic the change in Valyr's speed was, a gale would form wherever he moved, causing the skeletons he passed by along the way to take notice of his presence and try to land an attack as he moved past them. However, with the large disparity between his stats and theirs, what instead ended up happening was their death under Valyr's attacks, with the latter only needing to do a simple strike to end their lives. 'I think I can finally feel the effects of the innate skill…' Though Valyr continued to move at high speeds through the surprisingly long corridor, killing the skeletons he came across with one hit, the young man seemed to notice that his spear was gradually absorbing energy from his body, causing his speed to gradually become slower with the passage of time. In fact, this effect did not only extend to his speed as he felt that the strength behind his attacks was gradually getting weaker as well. 'You're not intentionally doing this, right?' Wondering if it had something to do with the soul awakened inside his spear, Valyr went ahead and sent a message to Sana, who unsurprisingly replied at the very instant it was allowed to. 'I'm not, Master.' Listening to his spear's words, Valyr could feel a sense of guilt hidden beneath the statement. 'After all, why would I hurt the one who had allowed me to become sentient in the first place? I would become ungrateful to you, Master, if I did.' 'Though, with how I've gained the power to harm you due to the curse, I am not entirely sure.' At these words, Sana fell silent, giving Valyr the feeling of immense guilt the more time passed, as if his spear was telling him that it was incredibly sorry through its feelings. Eventually, a sigh echoed within Valyr's mind as Sana's voice resounded once again. 'I'll try to figure out the root cause of your weakening, Master,' said Sana to him. 'You don't have to do anything different. Just continue what you're doing, and I'll take care of it.' 'I'll leave it up to you, then.' Ending their conversation there, Valyr went ahead and increased the force behind his every step, wanting to make the most of every bit of strength he had before it dropped to its lowest point. Because of it, he took a lazier approach in killing the skeletons he came across, extending out his spear towards the skeletons as he allowed the momentum to do all of the heavy lifting for him. Ding! [You have slain a Level 25 Skeleton (Elite). You have gained 1 XP.] Fortunately, the system considered it as a valid attack. … Around 20 minutes had passed since Valyr entered the Common Caves, his current location being the latter end of the long corridor. Just like before, his spear remained extended towards the skeletons, allowing the momentum he built up through his running to do all of the heavy lifting as he was still able to kill all of them in one blow. In fact, he had already collected 4 Common grade Skill Keys because of this. However, when compared to earlier, his overall combat strength was now considerably worse, with his stats already down by 24% because of the innate skill his spear had. Of course, it was still more than enough strength for him to overwhelm the skeletons in one hit. Nevertheless, he inwardly let out a long sigh, thinking that he would have reached the large space by now if it wasn't for the innate skill. 'In any case, I only need to run for a couple more minutes and I'll be at the entrance to the space.' Psyching himself up for what was basically a windfall of Skill Keys, Valyr took in a deep breath before doubling down on the force he put into his legs, causing him to temporarily speed up as he continued to traverse the absurdly long corridor of the Common Caves. 'I figured it out, Master!' Coincidentally, just as he had begun to put in more effort into his running, Sana's voice resounded throughout his mind, causing him to focus a bit of his attention to its voice while his body continued to slay all of the skeletons it came across. 'So, what's causing the decrease in my stats?' 'Well, the good part is that I'm not the one causing it, even subconsciously,' replied Sana, prompting Valyr to nod in understanding. 'And the bad part?' 'It's my body that's causing it.' Hearing these words come from Sana, a bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face, while Sana gave off an immense feeling of guilt once more, allowing the former to feel how sorry the latter was at what it was doing, even if it had no control over the matter. 'To further clarify, while you're holding me during combat, the body that contains my soul is passively siphoning energy from you every time a certain amount of time passes, causing you to grow weaker until the body reaches a limit on how much energy it could siphon.' 'Is there a way to make its effects weaker?' asked Valyr, still keeping an eye on the path ahead of him. 'Or perhaps a way to negate it?' 'Unfortunately, there is none, Master.' At these words, Valyr let out a slightly exasperated sigh as he returned his focus to what was ahead of him, channeling the slight rage and indignance he felt over the matter towards his attacks at the skeletons, which surprisingly gave him two more Common grade Skill Keys. Nevertheless, this rage and indignance swiftly disappeared as a thought surfaced in his mind. 'Well, it could be worse.' Though, not long after, a bitter smile adorned his face as he continued the train of thought. 'More like, it would become worse.' Thud. "Finally reached the end of the corridor." Reducing his momentum to a halt, Valyr now stood at the entrance of the large space he had seen earlier. However, unlike before, where he only saw skeletons that numbered up to dozens at most, he instead saw skeletons that numbered in the hundreds. With his mouth slightly agape in surprise, he took a look at the large space in detail, taking note of the fact that the space spanned over a few thousand square meters in area, though Valyr felt that it was bigger due to its slightly uneven interior. After looking at it for a bit more, he took note that there were five doors scattered throughout the walls of the large space, prompting him to recall where the five doors would lead him to. 'If I remember correctly, these dungeons seem procedurally generated, having different rooms to traverse every time you enter the dungeon.' Fortunately, it did not take long for him to remember his delves in the Common Caves back when he was a player, only taking a few seconds to do so. 'With that, I think I need to go through 10 rooms before I can leave the dungeon? I'm not too sure.' 'In any case, the more rooms I go through, the more Skill Keys I am bound to get.' Psyching himself up once more, Valyr ignored the fact that his stats were significantly lowered as he took in a deep breath before assessing the situation in front of him. Once he was certain of his game plan, he then dashed forward, allowing the skeletons closest to him to take notice of his presence before proceeding to start their offensive. "[Offense Aura]." Whoosh! As Valyr was making his way to where the skeletons were, with the latter group doing the same thing, a faint red haze gradually covered his body from head to toe, causing him to feel that his might had returned to what it was from before he entered the dungeon. Then, seeing as the skeletons were only a couple tens of meters away from him, a grin appeared on his face as he stopped in his tracks, forming a connection with Shadow Energy as he unleashed the skill he knew best that would wipe out the skeletons in one go. "[Shadow Serpent Style]." "[Tide of the Dark Night]." Chapter 383: A Bit Of Experimentation Whoosh! Though his stats had undergone a significant decrease due to the innate skill his spear had, the wave of dark energy that formed from the activation of the skill was still large enough to cause a feeling of fear to well up within the skeletons that were in its vicinity. Or at least, that's what Valyr felt while looking at the skeletons. Unsurprisingly, just like how it had decimated the first and third wave of monsters back when he helped out in the second monster tide, the dark tide posed no problem in rendering all of the skeletons it passed through more dead than they previously were as its scope gradually expanded to cover the entire space. Simultaneously, multiple notifications resounded within Valyr's mind, notifying him of the effectiveness of the skill once more, which caused a faint grin to appear on his face. 'It would've been better if I didn't only gain a single point of XP from each kill, but then again, that's how the system is.' Watching the wave of dark energy wreak havoc throughout the large space before him, the young man commanded the system to bring up a notification screen, focusing his attention on it from time to time as he began to tally the number of Skill Keys he would gain from the effortless ordeal. By the time the wave of dark energy had dissipated, leaving nothing in the space other than the floor being a charred mess, Valyr had counted that he had gained nine Common grade Skill Keys from the sweep, as well as two Uncommon grade Skill Keys, the latter of which caused the grin on his face to become wider than it previously was as he let out
