else as they eventually made their way to one of the outpost's official exits. … "Which site are we going to head to? There's like nine sites here." Near one of the official exits, Valyr and Zeik stood in front of what seemed to be a giant map outlining the entire territory surrounding Point Caelion. On the map were landmarks that showed where Point Caelion and the surrounding outposts was, as well as landmarks that outlined the various sites people could enter to fight against monsters and gain combat experience. "I think Site 7 would be a good choice." Looking at the map for a good while, Valyr eventually made his decision, taking note of the general level of monsters within the site, as well as their tier. "Not only are the monsters there at a level where it would be somewhat challenging to fight them, but the monsters in Site 7 are all Elite tier monsters as well, with some being Uncommon Elite tier." "Think of it as my warm-up before proceeding to the other sites… and possibly other points as well." Noticing that Valyr had a confident smile on his face as he gave his suggestion, Zeik thought that the young man had probably thought about the ideal site for quite some time, possibly taking into consideration multiple variables in order to achieve optimal efficiency. However, what went on in Valyr's mind was frankly the exact opposite of that. He knew that if he wanted to, he could head to the last site of Point Caelion and not have a problem fighting against the monsters there. After all, he had already fought against monsters that had stats on par or greater than those at Level 55, the same level at which the monsters at the final site were at. Aside from that, he also fought against monsters at Legendary Elite and Mythic Elite and became victorious, which the monsters at the final site were only Rare Elite tier at most. If anything, the reason why he decided to head to Site 7 was to see whether or not he could upgrade one of his titles. '[Signs of a True Elite],' Valyr thought to himself. 'The last time I tried to upgrade the title, I was in an Experience Pit back in Clossbay City. The level gap that I needed to upgrade the title was already there, but because the monsters I fought against were all normal monsters, the title couldn't upgrade.' 'I should really thank that staff person for reminding me about the Akashic Battlefield.' Recalling that specific staff person back then in the Experience Pit that suggested him to go to one, Valyr inwardly thanked the man before proceeding to head through the official exit, with Zeik following him as they made their way to Point Caelion's Site 7. … "Let's stop here for now." Noticing a small sea of monsters appearing from their field of horizon Valyr quickly stopped in his tracks as he reminded himself of the curse he had. Of course, with the young man stopping all of a sudden, Zeik had to stop as well, looking at the young man with slight confusion. "What are we going to do here?" Though they were already within the territory designated as Site 7, Zeik did not understand why they had to be so far away from the monsters Valyr would have to kill. "Do you have to take a break or something?" "Nah. I just wanted to confirm something." Telling his escort to be quiet, Valyr pushed his perception to its utmost limits, simultaneously activating the hyperfocus ability of [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] to get a better look at the monsters he would be up against. Activating [Greater Analysis] every so often, it took a while for the young man to find the monster he wanted to fight against, bitterly smiling as a thought popped up into his mind. 'I overlooked the fact that the monsters would be one tier stronger than they originally are under the curse.' 'Fortunately, there are still some normal monsters among them.' Ding! [Metallic Centipede] (Level 50) Class: Metallic Centipede HP: 2,784/2,784 MP: 4,296/4,296 Stats: 116 VIT, 50 STR, 117 AGI, 50 DEX, 179 INT, 154 WIS, 90 PER, 50 LUK Skills: [Metal Bolt], [Basic Spellcasting], [Basic Mana Affinity], [Basic Metal Affinity], [Dash],… Remarks: An incredibly shiny centipede. Watch out for its metal magic. Thud. Taking a few steps forward that allowed the normal Metallic Centipede to be within a hundred meters from Valyr, the Metallic Centipede soon gained a crimson haze around its head as it turned to look at the young man, its aura undergoing a swift increase in power. Then, empowered by the increase in strength, the enraged Metallic Centipede swiftly slithered towards the duo, prompting Zeik to alert Valyr of the rogue monster heading their way as he noticed the centipede charging up a ball of energy of sorts. However, before the centipede could even be within 20 meters from Valyr… "[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" Whoosh! Bang! Ding! [With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.] [You have slain a Level 50 Metallic Centipede (Elite). You have gained 239,835 XP.] [Showing the world proof that you truly have what it takes to defeat monsters of a higher level and tier than you, your title 'Signs of a True Elite' has been upgraded to 'Makings of a True Elite'.] Chapter 441: Ranks Of The True Elite MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith 'At times like these, you can't help but think that the system is stringent in its requirements sometimes.' Obtaining a notification that [Signs of a True Elite] had been upgraded, Valyr let out a small chuckle, thinking about how ironic the requirements were, considering the monsters that he had been fighting against these past few days. 'Anyways, what kind of things did the title upgrade change?' With a bright smile plastered on his face, the young man commanded the system to show him the description of his newly upgraded title, causing a screen to appear in front of him not long after. Ding! [Makings of a True Elite] (Title) Rarity: Uncommon+ To be able to ignore the great disparity between you and your opponent not only in level, but in tier as well, you've shown that you have what it takes to become a true elite. You have now entered the ranks of the strong, beings that serve as the backbone and inspiration of the future generation. To improve this title to the next stage, you must kill one Uncommon Elite tier monster at least 10 levels higher than your current level. Effects: > +8% damage to monsters at Elite tier and below at least 10 levels higher than the user > +5% Attack and Defense "Did the title ever mention the requirement needed to upgrade it in the past? I can't remember." Closing the screen after he was done reading, Valyr uttered out a few words to himself, inwardly nodding in satisfaction as he thought about following the words written on the title's description to take the title one step further. "What…" Though, just as he was about to make a move against another monster to upgrade his title, Valyr was reminded of his escort's presence, whose current expression was that of someone at an immense loss for words. "You just killed that monster in one hit…" "Hmm?" Looking back at Zeik, Valyr raised his eyebrow as he nodded. "Yeah? What about it?" "And you were just telling me earlier that you would only be able to handle Rank 4 Elite monsters at most?" Seeing that Valyr was not getting what he was trying to convey, Zeik let out a soft sigh. "That kind of strength is more than enough to fight against high tier Rank 4 monsters without a problem!" "I'd still rather err on the side of caution." Gaining a stronger belief that he might just have what it takes to fight against Rank 4 monsters because of Zeik's words, Valyr swiftly discarded those thoughts as he gave the man a wry smile. "If anything, the only way I would be certain I could fight against a Rank 4 monster without a problem is if I fought against a Rank 4 monster." "Let's head to Point Devann, then." Unsurprisingly, Zeik took those words as an opportunity, suggesting that they head to a place more suitable for his strength. Unfortunately for him… "I'm still getting warmed up. Not so sure about my strength once I go all out yet." Continuing to smile at Zeik, Valyr shifted his gaze back to the sea of monsters situated a fair distance away from them, utilizing his hyperfocus ability and [Greater Analysis] once more to find a monster that fit the requirements needed for him to upgrade his title even further. Thankfully, it did not take long for him to find one, taking a few steps in a certain direction to get an Elite tier Metallic Centipede to be within a hundred meters from Valyr. Whoosh! Similar to the normal Metallic Centipede from earlier, the Elite tier Metallic Centipede gained a crimson haze around its head as its aura underwent a significant boost in strength, crawling across the watery ground at great speeds as it sought to end Valyr's life once and for all. However, just like the Metallic Centipede from earlier… "[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" Whoosh! Ding! [With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.] [You have slain a Level 50 Metallic Centipede (Uncommon Elite). You have gained 287,802 XP.] [Showing the world that even Uncommon Elite beings pose no difficulty against your onslaught, your title 'Makings of a True Elite' has been upgraded to 'True Elite I'.] Leaving nothing more than the somewhat mangled and charred remains of what was an enraged Metallic Centipede around the same distance where the first Metallic Centipede had been slain, Valyr took a look at the description of the upgraded title once more, nodding as he took note of the changes brought about by the upgrade, as well as the requirements needed to upgrade it once more. 'A Rare Elite monster 10 levels higher than me, huh.' Taking a brief look at Zeik, whose eyes now seemed to be rolling inward due to the shock he felt, Valyr returned his gaze back to the sea of Metallic Centipedes near them, having to maneuver his movements in a way that he did not attract any of the normal and Elite tier Metallic Centipedes while finding an Uncommon Elite one. Though he had to kill about a dozen Metallic Centipedes along the way, with almost 75% of them being Uncommon Elite thanks to the curse's effects, he eventually came across a lone Uncommon Elite tier Metallic Centipede near the outer region of the sea of monsters. Making sure to not attract any other Metallic Centipedes along the way, Valyr swiftly made his presence known to the Uncommon Elite tier Metallic Centipede, which swiftly improved to Rare Elite thanks to the curse's effects as it swiftly made its way to where Valyr was. Sadly for the Metallic Centipede, just like the two that came before it… "[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" Whoosh! Ding! [With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.] [You have slain a Level 50 Metallic Centipede (Rare Elite). You have gained 335,769 XP.] [With even Rare Elite beings bowing down under your might, your title 'True Elite I' has been upgraded to 'True Elite II'.] 'Now I have to kill an Epic Elite monster 15 levels higher than my current level if I want to upgrade the title, huh.' Skimming through the title's new description, only to focus on the requirements needed to upgrade it, Valyr turned around to look at Zeik before asking him a question. "Say, you know where Site 9 is, right?" "…" "…" Thud. Chapter 442: Peak Of The True Elite MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith After Zeik fell to the ground on his butt from the utter disbelief he felt from witnessing Valyr dispose of monsters near the peak of Rank 3 without much of a problem, the man eventually stood up after taking a few deep breaths, inwardly letting out a sigh as the two of them swiftly made their way to Site 9, the final site within Point Caelion. While making their way to the point's final site, Zeik looked at Valyr every once in a while, wondering what was going on in the young man's head at the moment. Though the young man mentioned that they had arrived at Site 7 for him to do a bit of warm-up before getting serious, he had killed only a couple dozen of monsters within the site without difficulty before proceeding to request for a change. 'Is he trying to find out his current limit?' Zeik wondered to himself, thinking that there was some sense to the idea. 'After all, he moved from a normal Level 50 monster, to one at the Elite tier, and then the Uncommon Elite tier after that.' 'He's probably trying to see how strong the monster would need to be before he would be unable to kill them in a short time or something,' thought the man not long after, only recalling the barrage of orange crimson flames the young man would sent out in response to the monster's charge. With that thought in mind, the two eventually arrived at Site 9, stopping once more in an area that was a fair distance away from the sea of monsters that existed within the site. Of course, unlike at Site 7, where almost all of the monsters in the site were Metallic Centipedes, the prominent monsters at Site 9 were completely different. "[Greater Analysis]." Ding! [Mana Stone Golem (Uncommon Elite)] (Level 55) Class: Mana Stone Golem HP: 4,944/4,944 MP: 5,520/5,520 Stats: 206 VIT, 231 STR, 209 AGI, 83 DEX, 230 INT, 167 WIS, 176 PER, 83 LUK Skills: [Basic Physical Damage Resistance], [Basic Physical Damage Nullification], [Basic Magical Damage Resistance], [Basic Magical Damage Nullification], [Basic Mana Affinity],… Remarks: Would make a great defender for precious items. "Say, Zeik. What's the highest tier of monster I could possibly come across in this site?" Proceeding to scour the entire sea of monsters once more to find a monster that would fit the requirements needed to upgrade the title, Valyr threw a question at his escort, prompting the latter to go silent as he pondered over it. "Hmm… I'm pretty sure Rare Elites are the strongest tier of monsters you would commonly find in this site." Zeik looked back at Valyr, whose attention was focused on finding the monster he needed. "Though, I think some people have said that if you're unlucky, you might come across an Epic Elite?" "I'm not so keen on that one." Scratching the back of his head as he wondered whether Valyr listened to what he said, Zeik eventually shrugged his shoulders as he watched what Valyr would do now that they were at the point's final site. "Finally found one." Due to the fact that Mana Stone Golems had huge bodies made out of stone, Valyr had to kill quite around 20 of them, all of them Rare Elite due to the curse's effects, to be able to finally come across a Mana Stone Golem that was at Rare Elite tier. Of course, with his target locked, he then moved a few steps forward, allowing the Rare Elite tier Mana Stone Golem to be within a hundred meters from Valyr, causing its eyes to glow a crimson red as its energy now seemed to match a monster of a higher tier. Thud! Thud! Thud! With its eyes locked on Valyr's presence, the Mana Stone Golem seemed to go berserk as every step it made closer to the young man made the ground faintly tremble. At the speed it was going, it was enough to make Zeik briefly look at Valyr with a hint of worry, wondering whether the latter had finally bitten more off than he could chew. But just like before… "[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Out of nowhere, a barrage of orange crimson flames manifested in front of Valyr, all of them darting straight for the Mana Stone Golem's body as its destructive energy dealt massive damage to the monster with each hit. Eventually, the Mana Stone Golem's regenerative capabilities were overwhelmed by the crimson blades, causing it to crumble to rubble as a notification sound soon resounded within Valyr's mind. Ding! [With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.] [You have slain a Level 55 Mana Stone Golem (Epic Elite). You have gained 560,496 XP.] [You are reaching the ranks where your might makes even those stronger than you tremble with fear, Epic Elite beings posing no threat to your domination. Due to the feat you have achieved, your title 'True Elite II' has been upgraded to 'True Elite III'.] 'I wonder how far I could upgrade this title?' Seeing that the title's description still contained a part that explained the requirements needed to upgrade it even further, a question popped up into Valyr's mind as he proceeded to look for another monster that would fit his requirements. 'Anyways, a Legendary Elite monster 15 levels higher than me…' … "…" Watching as Valyr proceeded to fight against all of the Mana Stone Golems that came after him just as he had finished killing a Rare Elite tier Mana Stone Golem, Zeik wondered to himself as to why he was accompanying Valyr in the first place. After all, as far as he knew, a Rare Elite monster of a certain rank was already equivalent in strength to a monster of the next rank. "He says he's not sure if he could take down Rank 4 Elite monsters with his current strength, but that level of strength he's shown me is probably enough to even fight those at the peak of Rank 4 with ease." Taking a deep breath to make sure a repeat of what happened earlier would not happen, Zeik watched as Valyr eventually stopped being hounded by Mana Stone Golems, the latter keeping a close eye on one of the Mana Stone Golems near the periphery that seemed stronger than the rest. "Epic Elite tier…" Casting his own identification skill at the monster Valyr was looking at, Zeik soon became privy to the monster's real strength, swallowing a bit of saliva from the anxiety of wondering whether the young man had finally met his match. Of course, seeing the Epic Elite tier Mana Stone Golem dash towards Valyr only exacerbated that anxious feeling. Thud! Thud! Thud! With the ground quaking once more under the Mana Stone Golem's heavy footsteps, Valyr stood where he was, gazing at the monster that was getting closer to him with a calm expression. On the other hand, the worry Zeik felt towards Valyr's safety became greater, inwardly cursing Valyr for not dodging what seemed to be an obvious attack. However, this concern swiftly disappeared as he witnessed Valyr's next step. "[Shadow Serpent Style]…" "[Strike of the Venomous Night]." Swoosh! Bang! … … Ding! [With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.] [You have slain a Level 55 Mana Stone Golem (Legendary Elite). You have gained 630,558 XP.] [Killing Legendary Elite beings as if they were only normal hindrances to your path, you have truly shown the world that no one can make you bend to their will. Due to the feat you have achieved, your title 'True Elite III' has been upgraded to 'True Elite IV'.] Chapter 443: Khorza’an’s Chosen MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Outside one of the entrances to Algerie Kingdom's Akashic Battlefield… "For Algerie! For humanity!" Letting out a beastly roar, a man wearing a slightly bloodied uniform unsheathed the saber around his waist, his eyes filled with aggression and killing intent as he stared at the five tall beings with olive green skin looking back at him. Flaring his aura to its limits, the man swiftly dashed forward at the fastest speed he could muster, infusing the energy of his Intent into his saber along the way. With every step he took, the saber seemed to grow heavier and heavier under the vision of these five beings, yet the man still wielded it with ease. "Die!" Once the man was only a small distance away from the five, he unhesitatingly swung the saber down, letting out all of the energy from his Intent that had accumulated within his saber in one destructive move. Jumping back to not get caught in the aftermath of the attack, a proud smile gradually crept up onto his lips, thinking that the five would have been grievously injured by his attack, if not debilitated. Whoosh! However, contrary to his expectations, the attack that he had put all of his strength and energy into was casually swatted away by the being at the center, instantly turning all of the hope and courage the man had while fighting against them to dust. "Is this all you've got, human?" the being at the center asked with a deep voice, a slightly disappointed gaze in his expression. "If so, then your resistance is useless." "Guh…" Gritting his teeth in anger and indignance, the man looked at the five beings with far greater killing intent than before. Before his mind could even think about it, his body already began to move in the direction of the five beings, hoping to inflict at least a slight injury to all of them. Being the last one among them to remain standing, the man witnessed how the five beings appeared near the rift to the Akashic Battlefield out of nowhere, rendering almost all of the people wanting to enter the Akashic Battlefield dead with
