him, causing a massive tornado of flames to appear in front of Valyr and the Shadow Lions, spanning a height over a few dozen feet within seconds. Whenever Valyr unleashed this move against a group of Shadow Bears, this move was more than enough to cancel out the aggressiveness brought about by the Mark of the Alltide, with the feeling of fear instead debilitating their bodies as they tried to run away. However… vel. c૦m "Oh?" Raising his eyebrow in surprise, Valyr watched as the Shadow Lions continued to run in his direction, even though the blazing tornado was on their path. Pondering over the reason why the group of lions showed no fear in front of the large tornado, the young man watched as the Shadow Lions ran through the tornado, allowing their bodies to be singed by the scalding flames as their eyes still contained a fierce crimson glint within them. "Hmm… it probably has something to do with the disparity in levels and stats. Then again, the specifics of how far that disparity needs to be is something that could only be found out with a lot of experimentation." Scratching his head for a bit, Valyr slightly shrugged his shoulders as he watched the now somewhat burned Shadow Lions exit the flaming tornado, continuing on their paths to head to where he was without any change in their expression. "Anyways… I shouldn't delay this any longer." "[Intermediate Crimson Flame Manipulation]." "[Crimson Blade Torrent]." Whoosh! Taking a quick peek through [Greater Analysis] to see how much damage the blazing tornado had dealt to the group of Shadow Lions, Valyr went ahead and conjured what he considered was one of the most destructive skills in his arsenal, sending out a barrage of blades made out of orange crimson flames towards the Shadow Lions. Surprisingly, compared to the large flaming tornado that appeared before them, the Shadow Lions hesitated for a bit as they saw a swarm of orange crimson blades head their way, feeling a hint of fear rise up in their bodies for a brief moment. However, before this feeling of fear could take root, the crimson glint in their eyes grew brighter as the aggressiveness they had before appeared once more in full force. With that, the Shadow Lions unhesitatingly made contact with the blades of orange crimson flames, causing more and more damage to pile up on their bodies as their skin became more and more charred. Eventually, the Shadow Lions realized that they were nearing their demise, finally allowing their instincts to flee in front of a stronger foe to take over. Unfortunately, before they were able to do so, their final strands of vitality had left their bodies, allowing the young man they had planned to kill to reap his rewards. Ding! [Your Shadow Energy has improved by 0.05 points.] [Your Shadow Energy has reached a bottleneck. From now onwards, killing Shadow Lions and lesser entities shall not net you any increase in Shadow Energy.] Watching as the Shadow Energy from the Shadow Lions' corpses made their way to the small black mass near his heart, Valyr took a look at the description for [Shadow Energy Mark], taking note of the fact that he could now store six points of Shadow Energy instead of three, as well as the fact that his stats were now boosted by 3% instead of 1.5%. 'I guess it would be safe to assume at this point that reaching the bottleneck with the Shadow Tigers would allow me to reach the 10 point mark.' Letting out a short sigh of relief as he sat on the ground to take a bit of rest, Valyr watched as Noel made his way to where he was, a faint smile adorning the latter's face. "After this, you only have to kill the Shadow Tigers and you'll have enough Shadow Energy to attempt improving its quality with a high chance of success," said Noel to him. "Considering that there's only six hours left before we have to leave the Shadow Plane, I think there's a chance you might finish all of the objectives needed to fight the Shadow Serpent." "A chance, huh." Staring out at the topsy-turvy landscape of the Shadow Plane for a bit, Valyr breathed out yet another sigh before standing up, only to look at Noel with a confident smile. "Well… with how everything's progressing so far…" "It definitely feels like I can do it." Chapter 423: Testing A New Skill MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "And… we're here." After talking with each other for a bit regarding the progress Valyr was making in completing the objectives he had given him, Noel and the former eventually made their way to the area where the Shadow Tigers resided, being in a location that was farther from the Shadow Lions, Shadow Bears, and Shadow Mammoths combined. Because of the distance they would have to traverse, Noel did not spare any hesitation in buffing the two of them with the strongest movement speed buffing skills he had in arsenal, allowing them to traverse the long distance that separated them to the Shadow Tigers in the same amount of time it took them to reach the Shadow Bears, possibly even less. While crossing through the vast wilderness of the Shadow Plane, Valyr asked Noel as to how one would go about improving the quality of one's Shadow Energy, seeing as how he was going to do so after he was done with the Shadow Tigers. In response, Noel gave him a more in-depth explanation on the refining process. "I mentioned to you earlier during the explanation on the various qualities that you would have to condense your Shadow Energy into a far purer form to increase its quality, right?" "Yes, Elder Noel." Valyr nodded in response. "Frankly, the process in improving your Shadow Energy to a higher quality is a bit more complicated than that, but the choice of words I've used more or less sums up what you need to do," said Noel after nodding back. "In short, what you need to do is to manipulate your Shadow Energy to congregate towards a certain spot and then control them to squeeze each other tightly." "Of course, if it were just that, then almost every prominent Shadow Serpentine Lancer in Veldanyr would have a Shadow Energy quality grade of 3rd Cleansing, perhaps even 1st Metamorphosis." At these words, Noel flashed a wry smile. "Instead, while you're forcing all of the Shadow Energy to congregate towards a certain spot, you must also remove the impurities within the Shadow Energy that arise from the squeezing you're doing. Eventually, once you remove all the impurities within it while continue to force the Shadow Energy to squeeze in one tiny spot, the Shadow Energy itself will take over the process and improve in its quality." "The process to achieve 1st Cleansing and the higher grade are somewhat different than what you have to do to go from Impure to Pure, which was what I just explained." Noel briefly glanced at Valyr before returning his gaze to what was before them. "But for the most part, the process is more or less the same, with just a few additions or omissions in certain grades." Nodding after Noel was finished explaining, Valyr committed the information he had just received to memory as the two of them continued to head to where the Shadow Tigers were, eventually arriving at its periphery around 10 minutes later. … Whoosh! Whoosh! At the very instant the two had arrived at the periphery of the area where the Shadow Tigers resided, Noel swiftly jumped to a nearby branch, turning around to look at Valyr soon after to beckon the young man to get onto a branch as well. Slightly curious, as well as confused as to why he had to do just that, the young man still went ahead and did it, setting foot on a branch that was adjacent to where Noel stood. "What's with the standing on branches, Elder Noel?" Taking a look at the old man in front of him, Valyr threw a question at the former. "Remember how I said the Shadow Lions were territorial?" However, rather than answer the question outright, Noel instead threw a question back at the young man, to which the latter responded with a nod. "Well, you could consider the Shadow Tigers a slightly worse version of the Shadow Lions," said Noel in response. "Of course, I don't mean worse by them being weaker than the Shadow Lions." "Instead, they're a worse opponent to fight against." At these words, Noel looked at Valyr with a solemn expression. "For one, their strength is solidly in the later levels of Rank 3." "As for how territorial they are… I'm pretty sure us standing on branches more or less answers that question." "I… see." Becoming silent for a bit as he pondered over his strategy in fighting the Shadow Tigers, Valyr thought about how it was possible for him to aggro a lot of Shadow Tigers at once and kill them in one go. After all, all he had to do was sling his usual attacks from the trees and continue moving until he had amassed a great number of them. 'But then that would instantly put me at a disadvantage if I ever slip and fall down.' Slightly frowning, Valyr then thought about how he could use [Tide of the Dark Night] to circumvent that problem, only to then think about the possibility of them having far higher health than the amount of damage he could with the skill at once. Of course, there was also the fact that he would become weaker the longer he remained in combat whenever he wielded the spear, which would eventually put him at a far greater disadvantage against the Shadow Tigers. "Hmm…" Deciding to sit on the branch to ponder over it for a bit more, a thought eventually surfaced in Valyr's mind, prompting him to recall the skill that he wanted to test out after he had gotten it, but had no time to do so due to the sudden invitation to the Shadow Plane. 'There's also the fact that I was planning to compare it to the conventional skills of the same type, but then again… I guess this skill would solve one of the issues I would have while fighting against the Shadow Tigers… probably.' Briefly scratching his head as he wondered whether the skill would truly solve one of his problems or not, Valyr decided to take a look at its description once more, wanting to refresh his knowledge of its capabilities. "System…" "Bring up the description for [Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts]." Chapter 424: Orcbeasts MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Ding! Accompanied with a soft chime sound, a small screen containing information on [Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts] appeared in front of Valyr's field of vision, prompting the young man to take a look at it. [Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts] (Level 1/10) Rarity: Common+ Originally a haphazard attempt by the Sage of Erudition in modifying the unique summoning arts of the orcs to fit the capabilities of human summoners, this skill has given great attention by the Sage of Erudition in his later years, allowing its foundational levels to be sturdy and have no problems. However, due to the Sage of Erudition meeting an untimely death, the final stages of the skill have yet to be finalized. And thus, he passes it onto you. This skill allows the user to tap into the unique summoning arts of the orcs, giving the user the capability to summon beasts that have been specifically tamed and trained by the orcs to accompany them in the wake of battle: the Orcbeasts. Orcbeasts summoned through this skill scale off the user's stats at the moment they are summoned, with the user gaining the option to either consciously control their every movement or give simple orders that they shall unhesitatingly obey. Orcbeasts currently able for summoning: [Arx'has Boar] Maximum number of Orcbeasts: 2 Cooldown: 1 minute Cost: Depending on the summoned Orcbeast 'He said back then that he made this skill in passing after talking to a few human summoners, but this skill says that he actually put in a great amount of effort into refining it.' Refreshing his knowledge regarding the capabilities of the summoning skill An'xhur had given him, Valyr thought about the words the half-orc had said to him about the skill before they parted ways. 'I don't know if he just wanted to downplay the fact he put in effort into the skill, or if it was a project he was embarking in secret to try and improve the relationship between the humans and the orcs even more.' Inwardly shrugging his shoulders as his mind briefly thought about what-ifs, Valyr then commanded the system to bring up the description of the only Orcbeast he could summon through the skill, causing another screen to appear in front of his field of vision seconds later. Ding! [Arx'has Boar] The Arx'has Boar is a species of boar native to the Khagarax Empire, achieved through multiple generations of selective breeding by the combat researchers of the orc race. Because of this, these boars have great resilience, strength, and speed, acting as mounts that orc warriors would generally use on the battlefield. However, due to the exact same reason why these boars have superb physical capabilities, their mental capabilities have become affected, with their mental fortitude weak enough to instantly turn tail and run under the presence of a mighty foe. Once summoned through the [Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts], this boar shall have 25% of the user's VIT, STR, AGI, and DEX, 10% of the user's INT and WIS, and 15% of the user's PER and LUK. Cost to summon: 1,000 MP 'That's actually pretty good.' Closing the two screens before him after he was done reading, Valyr's eyes slightly widened in surprise as he thought about the stats the Arx'has Boar would get once it was summoned. Compared to the summoning skill that came with his spear, [Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts] was leagues ahead in terms of flexibility and performance. 'Hmm…' As the gears in his mind turned for a bit, the young man eventually brought out a couple of Skill Keys from his spatial bracelet, spending over 80,000 XP to bring the skill to its max level before proceeding to evolve it to the next grade with a Common grade Skill Key. Ding! . oｍ [Would you like to use 1 Common Skill Key and spend 100,000 XP to evolve 'Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts' to the next grade?] "Of course." Hearing the prompt resound in his mind, a faint smile flashed on Valyr's face as he proceeded to confirm his choice to evolve the skill. Ding! [You have successfully evolved 'Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts' to Uncommon+ grade.] [The skill 'Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts' has evolved to 'Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts' due to the change in grade.] After looking through the notifications he had just received, Valyr went ahead and brought up the description of the newly evolved skill, wanting to see what changes had occurred. 'Oh?' Unsurprisingly, it did not take long for the young man to notice a couple of large changes to the functionality of the skill, becoming silent for a bit before proceeding to spend a single Uncommon grade Skill Key and a bit over 900,000 XP to improve the skill to its max level. Ding! [You have upgraded the skill 'Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts' to Level 20 (MAX).] [You do not meet the requirements necessary to evolve the skill to a higher grade.] Taking in a deep breath as thoughts of whether he had made the right choice or not started to fill his mind, Valyr went ahead and brought up the description of the skill once more, hoping to see that the choice he had made was, in fact, correct. Fortunately, after reading through its description, he became more certain that it was. Ding! [Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts] (Level 20/20) Rarity: Uncommon+ Originally a haphazard… description has been omitted. This skill also allows the user to spend more mana in the summoning process of the Orcbeasts, granting them the ability to improve their stats and evolve the more they fight, consuming part of the XP the user gains during these fights in the process. Eventually, once these Orcbeasts have improved enough, they would gain sentience and become beings that do not fall under the control of the skill. However, these sentient Orcbeasts still have undying loyalty to the user that has summoned them. Orcbeasts currently able for summoning: [Arx'has Boar] Maximum number of Orcbeasts: 5 Cooldown: 1 minute Cost (Normal Summoning): Depending on the summoned Orcbeast Cost (Growth Summoning): 3x the cost of the summoned Orcbeast Chapter 425: A Round Of Combat Testing MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "So… what are you planning to do to fight against the Shadow Tigers?" Seeing that it had been a few minutes since Valyr became silent, Noel decided to break the silence by asking the former a question, prompting the young man to stop what he was doing for a bit, closing the screen he had just brought up as he looked at the old man in front of him with a faint knowing smile. "Well… let's just say I have a skill up my sleeve that would probably help me out." As Valyr said these words, Noel raised his eyebrow in curiosity, soon asking the young man as to what he meant by that. In response, Valyr told him that he would have to wait until he was ready to start moving. Though Noel had a slight frown on his face after hearing that, the elder stayed put and allowed Valyr to do his own thing once more, which prompted the latter to inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he commanded the system to bring up the description of the [Arx'has Boar], wanting to see whether the changes to the skill brought by the evolution also applied to the Orcbeasts he could summon. "No way." As the notification sound resounded in his mind, Valyr read through the contents of the screen before him, inadvertently blurting out his reaction to the change. Of course, the change was all positive. Ding! [Arx'has Boar] The Arx'has Boar… description has been omitted. Once summoned through the normal summoning method of [Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts], this boar shall have 35% of the user's VIT, STR, AGI, and DEX, 20% of the user's INT and WIS, and 25% of the user's PER and LUK. However, once summoned through the growth summoning method of [Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts], this boar shall also gain the ability to improve its stats by 0.5% of its original stats per gained level, with each subsequent tier the boar passes improving this percentage by 0.3%, reaching a maximum of 2% of its original stats per gained level before it achieves sentience. Cost to summon: 1,000 MP 'If I summon an Arx'has Boar through the growth summoning method the skill gained, considering that its stats ranges from a quarter to two-fifths of my current stats, factoring in the improvement per level it gains and how it changes per tier…' Naturally, Valyr voicing out his surprise piqued the interest of the old man, prompting the latter to ask the young man what had happened for him to react that way. Unfortunately for Noel, rather than obtain an answer to his question, Valyr instead flashed a knowing smile at him, telling the elder through his expression that he would find out with due time. 'By the time the Arx'has Boar reaches the peak of Rank 5, it would probably be able to handle Rank 4 beings without a problem, perhaps a couple of weaker peak Rank 4 beings even.' After responding to Noel's question, Valyr returned his thoughts to how strong an Arx'has Boar would become through the new summoning method the skill gave him access to, finding the conclusion somewhat satisfactory. 'Then again, with the curse in play, hehehe…' Though, after recalling the fact that the skill would be affected by the Mark of the Alltide, a slight grin slowly crept up onto Valyr's face as he let out a faint yet mischievous chuckle. Whoosh! Closing the screen that was in front of him, Valyr soon began to move in the direction of a Shadow Tiger, prompting Noel to follow behind him to see what plan the young man had in store. While doing so, the gears in Valyr's mind started to turn as he began to think out loud. "Considering how summoning a single Arx'has Boar through the growth summoning method costs at least half of my current mana pool, I could choose whether to summon five normal Arx'has Boars or summon two Arx'has Boars that have the ability to grow." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr thought back to his original plan of dealing with the Shadow Tigers by aggroing a lot of them before finishing them off with one destructive skill. Becoming silent for a bit, Valyr thought about how five normal boars would allow him to aggro a great number of Shadow Tigers at once, but at the cost of having to re-summon them every time due to the difference in strength between the boars and the tigers. After that, he replaced the five normal Arx'has Boars with the two growth Arx'has Boars in his mind, imagining how the latter would fare in taunting a lot of Shadow Tigers at once. "At this point, it's probably a no-brainer." Swiftly coming to a conclusion in his mind, Valyr soon jumped down from the branches, landing at an area on the ground that he surveyed to not have any Shadow Tigers nearby. Noticing this, Noel stopped in his tracks, watching Valyr from the branches to see what the latter was up to. "Ih pyn'ah tt'wagg k'ahn haap nmal'kas at meht'tagg!" Expecting to see the young man on the ground either summon his spear or conjure a strong
