a diamond pattern, making sure that there was a considerable amount of space between them. After that, he went ahead and grabbed one of the remaining materials he had requested, being a heat-resistant type of clay, and create a perimeter around the four items to make sure that none of the molten materials he would pouring over them would spill out. Seeing that the final perimeter was more or less affixed to the anvil, he then proceeded to create smaller perimeters of clay around the items, forming them in a way that would connect only one of the items to the other. "Alright, let's begin." Taking in a couple of deep breaths, Valyr grabbed a pair of tongs and proceeded to retrieve one of the materials out of the furnace, making sure to not spill any of the contents. "First, Molten True Aquaflame Steel." Letting out a long, drawn-out sigh to make his hands stop trembling, the young man activated the hyperfocus ability of [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] and [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] at the same time, changing his visions of the item on the anvil into that of different colors as he proceeded to pour the molten metal on top of the items that represented the Fire and Water element. Fshhhh… Slowly tipping over the container that held the Molten True Aquaflame Steel, Valyr watched as two of the colors on the anvil gradually combined to form a single color as he gradually poured the Molten True Aquaflame Steel over them. At times, a few splotches of differing colors appeared due to him pouring a bit more of the molten material than he should have, thus he adjusted by reducing his pouring speed to where the colors would have time to become unified once more. "Next, Molten Azure Sand." Getting a good idea of how fast he should pour the molten materials onto the items he had refined for the first step, Valyr went ahead and moved onto the second molten material he had pour, now keeping a close eye on how fast he was pouring to make sure everything came out in a unified color. "Phew. Time for the Molten Tempest Meteor Fragments." Seeing that a homogenous color connected three of the four items he had refined so far, Valyr became a bit more careful in pouring the third molten material onto the anvil, which connected the Earth element to the Wind element with its properties. Fshhhh… "And to complete the cycle, Molten Magma Zephyr Crystals." Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief as the third molten material had not broken the homogenous color in any way, Valyr then proceeded to pour the fourth and final molten material that would allow the four elements to mingle with one another, making sure that the speed of his pour was consistent throughout. Whoosh! Surprisingly, at the very moment he was finished pouring the final drop of molten material on the anvil, the entire piece shone a myriad number of colors, eliciting the attention of the entire audience to shift towards Valyr as they wondered what he had done. Even Valyr was left staring at the item he had made in slight awe, not expecting a light show to appear whatsoever. By the time the item had stop shining its lights, finally allowing everyone to feel the pureness of the four elements that was contained in the item, the young man removed the clay that surrounded the item during the pouring process, double checking if he had removed every bit of clay on the anvil in preparation for the process that would complete the second step. "With the four elements connected to one another, the only thing left is to encapsulate it and turn it into a crystal." Taking out the only container that remained within the furnace all this time, Valyr tightly gripped onto the pair of tongs he was holding as he gradually moved the container a few centimeters above the item he had made. "Molten Lesser Origin Fragment. Even if I wanted to get my hands on some of these, I wouldn't be able to." Taking in a couple of deep breaths to keep his composure, Valyr looked at his hands, which were now slightly trembling once again. "I definitely have to thank the Blacksmith Guild for giving me access to these materials." "And that's why I'll repay them by showing them a replica of an artifact that would only appear in the future." Letting out yet another long and drawn-out sigh to stop his hands from trembling, Valyr soon began to pour the Molten Lesser Origin Fragments over the entire thing, keeping an eye on his pouring speed to make sure that the color would stay homogenous all throughout. Fshhhh… As the Molten Lesser Origin Fragments came into contact with the item Valyr had made, a faint sizzling sound resounded throughout the workshop, prompting a solemn expression to appear on Valyr's face as a brief hint of concern appeared in his mind, wondering if he was doing everything correctly. Fortunately, by the time the final drops of Molten Lesser Origin Fragments he had been pouring all this time left the container, he obtained his answer. Whoosh! Once the Molten Lesser Origin Fragments had settled into place, the item released a great amount of light once more, slightly blinding everyone that was looking at Valyr's workshop as all of the items seemed to have taken on a single color for a brief moment. Not long after, this color changed to another one, only to go through multiple colors in a row before eventually landing on white, intensifying for a second before eventually disappearing. Naturally, at this point, many of those in the audience, especially the blacksmiths, were curious as to what Valyr was trying to achieve. After all, almost all of them had come here to watch two people create a replica of the artifacts they had chosen. Of course, it wouldn't be long until Valyr showed the crowd the audience he had chosen, deactivating both [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] and [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] as he grinned at the crystal he had created. "Alrighty." "Time to piece it all together." Chapter 470: Forge Complete Ttang! Ttang! Ttang! As the sounds of metal colliding against metal faintly resounded through Theraldine's portion of the stage, the young woman eventually put the hammer she was wielding to the side, wiping off the beads of sweat dripping down her forehead as she looked at the item she had forged with a wide smile. "Finally… my crafts can now be elevated to a higher level." Ding! [You have successfully forged the item: Phoenix Forging Hammer (Emulation). Quality has been rated at Great.] [The heavens have seen the effort you have put into your craft and thus rewards you accordingly. Your item has successfully gained part of the original properties of the artifact 'Infernal Hammer'.] With the smile on her face only growing wider as she took a look at the notifications she had received, Theraldine took a close look at the forging hammer she had forged, which she was more than certain she was going to use in forging from now onwards. Most of the hammer's head were covered in grooves and veins that faintly gave off a pulsating light that alternated between shades of red and orange, emanating the feeling of slight heat whenever one got close to it. Attached to the head was a finely crafted shaft made out of wood that could bear the constant heat being emanated by the head whenever it was used actively in forging. With the wood carved in a way that it would be a perfect fit under Theraldine's grip, as well as a few additional touches on the handle here and there, the Phoenix Forging Hammer she had forged was not only a work that had a lot of aesthetic value to it, but also a lot of functionality behind its beautiful exterior. "I was able to emulate 3% of the Infernal Hammer's original properties…" Examining the hammer she had just forged with her identification skill, an ecstatic expression swiftly appeared on Theraldine's face as she focused on the part she was most interested in. "I… actually did that?" As the significance of her craft gradually sunk in her mind, the thought of Theraldine winning the forging duel between her and Valyr felt more certain, considering that she had successfully emulated what was basically one of the most well-renowned artifacts amongst blacksmiths. However, when she turned her head to look at the audience and see if they were in awe of what she had done, almost all of them were instead staring at the item Valyr was forging, with thoughts of the young man's skills possibly not being up to par to Theraldine's already gone from their minds. Slightly annoyed at how not even one of them spared a single glance that she had finished forging her item, Theraldine decided to take a look at what Valyr was doing for herself. "What is he even forging for everyone to stare at it so… intently…" Thump! At the very moment Theraldine laid her eyes at what seemed to be the skeletal structure of the artifact replica Valyr was forging, a heartbeat far stronger than she was normally accustomed to resounded within her body, causing her expression to become somewhat wide-eyed as she felt a feeling of familiarity towards the item. No. A feeling… that she was the rightful owner. "What is going on…?" Not used to the feeling that she had just felt, Theraldine slightly shuddered as she gradually forgot about the feeling that had engrossed her into watching Valyr's forging process. Taking a look once more at Valyr's item that was still a work in progress, she still felt a sense of familiarity towards it, as if she had seen it somewhere before. However, the feeling had now become less intense, prompting her to try and forget the weird feeling in the first place. "So, he was actually creating a forging hammer all this time." Breathing deeply a couple of times to make sure the feeling thoroughly vanished, Theraldine finally noticed the general structure of the artifact replica Valyr was forging. "Though, I don't recall any of the top legendary forging artifacts having properties that suited the four basic elements." "Well, I'm already done with my replica, and I'm pretty sure I'll win this duel..." Briefly scratching the back of her head, the young woman brought the chair to a spot that would allow her to see Valyr's process better before sitting down. "Guess I'll watch him finalize everything." … Ttang! Ttang! Ttang! "Finally! I can finally move onto the final step!" Letting out a long yet exasperated sigh, Valyr dropped the forging hammer he was using to the side as he took a look at the item he had been hammering all this time. Heating up the Boundless Origin Alloy he had created and refined earlier in the furnace, the young man gradually hammered the entire block of alloy down into the shape of a forging hammer, having to contort his arms in various ways in the process to make sure that some areas were perfect. Fortunately, with how high his DEX was for someone at the peak of Rank 2, as well as with both [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] and [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] active, he was successful in shaping the block into a rough yet exquisite-looking forging hammer, with only thirty minutes to spare before the sun began to set. Taking a few deep breaths as he recuperated some of the energy he had expended in forging the hammer, Valyr took a brief glance at the audience, only to notice that all of them were staring at his portion of the stage. Faintly wondering what was going on, he shifted his gaze towards Theraldine's workshop, only to see that the young woman was watching him as well. "All of us are waiting for you to finish your item," said Theraldine, conveying through her words that she was done with her item. "Don't mess up." "I'll try." Bitterly smiling in response to the young woman's words, Valyr let out a low sigh as he took a look inside the furnace, specifically the only item that was in the furnace. "Let's get this over with." After making sure that the Primeval Origin Crystal was at the ideal temperature to fuse it into the hammer made out of Boundless Origin Alloy, the young man went ahead and used a pair of tongs to pick up the crystal before inlaying it into the groove he had made on the hammer earlier, which was unexpectedly a perfect fit. After that… Whoosh! … … … Ding! [Your title 'Forger of Epics' has activated, enhancing the properties of your forged item by one level.] [You have successfully forged an artifact.] Chapter 471: The Hammer Of Beginnings At the very moment Valyr dropped the Primeval Origin Crystal on the groove he had made for it on the hammer, as if the two were made for each other, the crystal gradually melded with the Boundless Origin Alloy making up the hammer, allowing its properties to spread throughout the entire alloy. Concurrently, the crystal slightly sunk into the hammer, allowing the still hot Boundless Origin Alloy to form a lip around the crystal, holding it in place. For a couple of seconds, small and thin veins that had colors signifying the four basic elements covered the entire hammer, prompting Valyr to pay close attention to the forging hammer, hoping in his mind that it would be a resounding success. Fortunately for him... Whoosh! At the very moment all of the veins disappeared on the hammer's surface, the forging hammer radiated a blinding silver light, covering the entire main hall in the color as the hammer started to hover off of the anvil it was on. Ding! [Your title 'Forger of Epics' has activated, enhancing the properties of your forged item by one level.] 'Huh. Definitely wasn't expecting that to trigger. Especially since this is the first item I'm making after getting the title... if I remember correctly.' Hearing a notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr took a look at the notification he had received, prompting him to bring up the title in question on the side. Ding! [Forger of Epics] (Title) Rarity: Epic Countless blacksmiths have forged items and equipment that have been used by the masses for ages. However, only a small portion of these blacksmiths have the skill, experience, and knowhow to bring these forged items to a far higher tier, ascending to a level where any of their work could be regarded as better than the rest. As someone who has successfully forged an Epic grade item, you have been regarded as one of these people, with your skill easily swaying thousands from all parts of the world just so they could be able to use your work. Effects: > Allows the title holder to gain an intrinsic understanding regarding any equipment forged > Allows the title holder to gain a general understanding of materials and items related to forging high-level and high-rarity items > Increases the base stat of any equipment forged by the title holder by 5% > Reduces the time it takes for the title holder to forge equipment by 10% > Gives the title holder a small chance to awaken the potential of any equipment being forged, enhancing the properties of the equipment being forged by one level Closing the screen that he had brought up, he then returned his attention to the hammer he had just finished forging, noticing that the light had now changed to a deep gold color. At this point, he turned his head to look at Theraldine to his left, who currently had her mouth slightly agape at the sight that was happening before him. Faintly chuckling to himself as he heard a notification sound resound in his mind once more, Valyr thought about how the chances of him winning the forging duel were now more or less guaranteed thanks to the activation of [Forger of Epics]. 'Then again, even with the title not activating, I'm still quite sure I'd be able to win the forging duel, just from the properties of the hammer alone.' With that kind of mindset, the young man went ahead and took a look at the notification he had just received... ...only to be left at a complete loss for words. Ding! [You have successfully forged an artifact.] Whoosh! As if the forging hammer was waiting for him to read the notification that just popped up, the golden color it was radiating all this time swiftly transformed into a dazzling array of myriad colors, hovering higher and higher into the air as everyone in the audience stared at the forging hammer Valyr had created. Eventually, once everyone's sights were fixated on the forging hammer, all of the lights the hammer gave off swiftly disappeared as it slowly descended back down to the young man's anvil, making it seem as if nothing had happened in the first place. With his mouth still agape from the shock he felt after reading the second notification, Valyr gradually moved his gaze from the notification screen to the forging hammer, feeling a connection of some sort being made between him and the hammer as he continued to look at it. Ding! [You have successfully forged the item: Unnamed Blueprint (Artifact). Quality has been rated to be Transcendent.] [Though the craft you have made is still lacking in some aspects, the heavens have acknowledged the effort you have put into it, as well as the ingenuity of the craft itself, thereby granting it the status of an artifact.] [As the item has been made with an unnamed blueprint, the system has given the user one chance to rename the item, lest the user refuses to name it.] [Would you like to give a name to your item?] Reading through the series of notifications he had obtained while looking at the forging hammer, it was only at that moment did Valyr fully accept the fact that he had truly created an artifact, feeling a great amount of excitement at the thought. After all, it was no simple feat for anyone to create an artifact, even if that someone had all the luck in the world. However, even though he was excited, the young man still wondered as to why it was considered an artifact rather than a replica of an artifact, prompting a solemn expression to appear on his face as he recalled that he had based his forging hammer off of Theraldine's Hammer of Primeval Origins from his previous life. 'Is it because the Hammer of Primeval Origins hasn't been made yet?' Asking this question to himself, Valyr felt that it was the most likely explanation as to why his hammer had been deemed as an artifact, letting out a low sigh as he became more certain that it was the case. "I guess I've twisted the timeline even more this time around." Bitterly smiling at the thought, Valyr decided to not mull over the matter any further, instead focusing his attention on the final notification he had received from the system. 'I haven't given it a name, huh,' thought Valyr to himself, putting on a pensive expression as he pondered over what name would suit it. 'Then again, this is the only blueprint I've made where I haven't given it a name from the start.' 'Hmm...' Thinking about how significant the artifact was to Valyr and how it probably changed the future timeline drastically, a name eventually popped up into his mind. 'Since it was originally made as a replica of the Hammer of Primeval Origins, the name has to be related to it in some way.' 'Well... from a certain perspective, this artifact could be considered as a major turning point in the timeline, seeing as how I've introduced a legendary artifact a couple years later than it should've appeared.' 'Though, aside from that, I guess this artifact also signifies the true start of my journey as a blacksmith, as well as the true start of my journey in achieving the goals I've set at the start of this life. After all, a blacksmith isn't truly considered a blacksmith if he doesn't have his own forging hammer.' 'With that in mind, I shall call this...' 'The Hammer of Beginnings.' Chapter 472: A Monumental Event Ding! [You have renamed the item 'Unnamed Blueprint (Artifact)' to 'Hammer of Beginnings (Artifact)'.] [Due to the immense feat you have achieved, you have gained the title 'Forger of Artifacts'.] Taking a look at the notifications he had received in response to his renaming of the forging hammer, a faint smile appeared on the young man's face as he brought up both the hammer's description and the new title's description in front of him, ignoring the noise the audience was making as he focused his attention on the screens that had appeared. Ding! [Hammer of Beginnings (Artifact)] (Level 40) Rarity: Epic+ (Growth — Special) Forge Quality: Transcendent Having seen a glimpse of a distant future, the maker of this artifact initially aimed to create a replica of the artifact he had seen, wanting to claim even the slightest bit of its properties for his own. However, rather than create a replica of the artifact he had seen, he instead brought the future into the present, birthing an artifact that was akin to the artifact he wished to replicate, yet separate from the artifact he wished to replicate at the same time. Though still immature in its form, this artifact contains boundless potential that has yet to be unearthed, its current form already being the target of envy of many blacksmiths all throughout the world. However, in due time, it shall eventually reach the height of the artifact the maker originally wished to replicate and even exceed it, becoming an artifact every blacksmith shall tout as the greatest forging artifact of all time. Due to its characteristics as a Growth type equipment, this hammer has the
