might in every move they made, causing them to become the bane of any human in the battlefield. Seeing as Valyr did not talk about the incident regarding the orcs any further, Zeik decided to shift the topic to what the young man had been doing during the days they hadn't seen each other. Fortunately, that was all that was needed for the young man to remove himself from his thoughts, talking with Zeik regarding the items he had forged as the two swiftly left the walls of Algerie Kingdom and headed to a secluded area only a select few knew about. ... "Is this really the place where the tournament is going to be held?" Standing on the edge of what looked to be a large crater spanning over 50 meters in diameter, Valyr looked at Zeik beside him with a hint of dubiousness. "Well, the Ancestral Council wanted to make sure that no one, except for the candidates and a select few, knew of the results of the tournament," replied Zeik with a bitter smile. "Or, to be more specific, they don't want people to know of the existence of the tournament at all." "Oho? If it isn't the no-name representative of the Blacksmith Guild." Just as Valyr was about to ask a few more things to Zeik regarding the tournament's current venue, the young man heard a slightly mocking voice coming from his back, prompting him to look at the man that spoke with a slight frown. Chapter 497: Showing One’s Right At the very moment he had turned around, Valyr was instantly greeted by the sight of a young man wearing a dark gray robe that went below the man's knees, tied in place with what looked to be a thick leather belt. Sporting a head of dark gray hair that made the man look like he had been electrocuted, the man had a pair of dark blue eyes that seemed to contain the vastness of the oceans. Completing it with a smile that seemed to contain mockery as he looked at the young man. "Have the other candidates been informed of my true identity before the tournament?" Ignoring the man behind him for the meantime, Valyr turned around to look at Zeik. After that, he opened up the chat function to send the man beside him a question in fear of having other people snoop in on their conversation. "That… I'm not so sure." Scratching the back of his head for a bit, Zeik eventually sent a response to Valyr through the chat function, giving the latter a wry smile soon after. "I was only tasked with escorting you and giving you a rough rundown of how the tournament would work." "When it comes to questions like that, the best person to ask in that regard would be none other than the Guildmaster." "Got it." Sparing a glance at the man behind him, who now had a frown on his face, Valyr then returned his attention to the screen he had brought up, sending a brief question to Julian within seconds. "Have you told the other candidates of my true identity?" "With how precarious it would be for others to find out? Not one bit." As if the man was waiting for the young man to ask the question to him, Julian swiftly sent an answer that responded directly to Valyr's question. "At most, I've only given the three other guilds vague information regarding your identity and your abilities." "I know each of the representatives for the inheritance come from the four production guilds. However, since this is related to the inheritance, wouldn't they have been able to obtain information on me through the Imperial Production Guild?" Finding the man's response somewhat weird, Valyr decided to follow it up with another question. "Normally, that would've been the case," said Julian through a message a few seconds later. "However, as I am the one who introduced your existence to those old geezers from the Ancestral Council, we've eventually come to an agreement that it would be better for your true identity to be hidden for the meantime." "After all, even though the Zeihardt clan may only be a royal clan in status, its might as a whole instills fear even to the class guilds themselves," Julian added on a follow-up message. "Not even the four main production guilds want to know what it would be like to face the frenzy of half of the Zeihardt clan." "So… in short, the other candidates don't know what I'm capable of." Becoming silent for a bit more, Valyr eventually sent a message back to Julian, something that the latter agreed with. "Pretty much," the man said in his response message. "Add on the fact that you're using what looks to be an incredibly strong disguise skill, I'd say most of the odds are stacked in your favor." "Go ahead and use it to your advantage." Telling Valyr that he was in the middle of forging in another message, Julian eventually ended their small chat with a couple more messages. "Get the leader position if you can." "So, what did Julian say?" Seeing as Valyr dispelled the screen in front of him, Zeik went ahead and asked what had transpired, utilizing the chat function once more. "The other candidates don't know anything." In response, Valyr shook his head, sending a message in return. Reading through the message he received, a light smirk gradually crept up Zeik's face. "Then… I guess that only means one thing." Grinning, Zeik decided to forgo the chat function, whispering directly into Valyr's ear instead as his thoughts seemingly aligned with Julian's at that moment. "Show them the best of what the Blacksmith Guild has to offer." "With pleasure." Grinning back, Valyr's expression swiftly returned to normal as he finally turned to look at the man behind him once more, whose frown now seemed to extend beyond his face. "Was I talking to a rock this entire time?" said the man in a slightly aggressive tone. "Don't you know how many times I've been calling you for the past few minutes?" "You're talking to the Faulus Erlenmeyer, you know?" Hearing the man introduce himself in his conversation, a faint glint flashed in Valyr's eyes. "I'm someone specifically chosen by the Alchemist Guild to represent the alchemists in this upcoming inheritance!" "As for you…" Pushing on Valyr's chest with his pointer finger, Faulus continued to look at the young man, a trace of disgust in his eyes. "I don't know what you did in the Blacksmith Guild for a no-name like you to be chosen, but I'm sure as heckit wasn't through honest means." "What are you trying to say, then?" Raising his eyebrow, Valyr's expression remained calm, not giving Faulus the pleasure that came with infuriating someone. "All I'm saying is that you should prove that you've earned the right to participate in the inheritance." Not letting the other side's calm demeanor affect him, a hint of mockery appeared on Faulus' face as he said these words. "Show me what gave the right for a no-name like you to join the inheritance." 'And here I thought his arrogance was the least of my concerns.' Inwardly letting out a sigh, Valyr could not stop himself from comparing the Faulus he was looking at to the Faulus he had come across in his past life. Though the man was still insufferable in many ways in his past life, the Faulus in front of him looked to be far more insufferable. 'Ah, right. Superiority complex.' Recalling something Julian had told him that allowed him to understand his current situation more, a faint smile appeared on Valyr's face as he looked at Faulus directly in the eyes. "You want me to show you my right?" Asking this question, Valyr began to walk closer to the young man, clenching both of his fists in the process. "What's wrong with showing a bit of proof?" Feeling slightly intimidated, Faulus responded back with a statement that allowed to regain some confidence. "Unless… you don't have any proof to begin with?" "Oh, I got some proof, alright." At these words, Valyr grinned. "Here's my right…" Bang! "…jab." Chapter 498: Introducing One Another Putting a great portion of his strength into his punch, Valyr took on a casual stance as his right fist made contact with Faulus' stomach, the force behind it sending the young man flying. "Faulus!" Coincidentally, the man's escort, who had been minding his own business all this time, happened to notice that the candidate he had escorted was now flying, prompting him to head to where Faulus was going to land and break his fall. Thud. With how much momentum Faulus had generated while he was in midair, the force from his fall was more than enough to cover both him and his escort in a layer of dust, stirring up all of the dust in their immediate vicinity in the process. "Huu." Letting out a low sigh of relief as he retracted his fist, Valyr turned around to look at Zeik, who looked back at him with a faint smile as he briefly gave the young man a thumbs-up. "You…" After the dust had settled, Faulus and his escort gradually stood up, with the former's face containing immense rage as he stared daggers at Valyr. "Did you think of my earlier words as a joke?" "Of course not." Valyr gave Faulus an amicable smile. "You asked me to show you my right, so I did just that." At those words, the young man raised his right fist, forcing Zeik to stifle the laughter that wanted to come out. "Are you saying that you earned the right to participate in this inheritance through your might?" Muttering a few words to the escort beside him, which caused the former to slightly frown, Faulus eventually asked a question to Valyr. "You're always free to ask about my right again, you know?" Raising his right fist once more, Valyr taunted Faulus into becoming furious once more. However, just as it seemed like Valyr's words seemed to take effect, Faulus took in a couple of deep breaths once he noticed his escort place his hand on top of his shoulder. "There's no need. You've already proven your right." Letting out a long, drawn-out sigh, Faulus instead decided to end the conversation between them then and there, heading to the other side of the crater as he glared daggers at Valyr one more time. "And here I thought that would've worked a second time." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr watched as Faulus and his escort moved farther away from him and Zeik. "I guess he instantly realized something from that punch you gave him." Moving closer to where Valyr stood, Zeik gave the young man a probable answer. "After all, the Lord of Medicine isn't renowned for his fighting capabilities." "Are you telling me he decided to bow down after realizing I was stronger than him?" Faintly nodding at the distant Faulus after realizing he knew when to back down, Valyr posed the question to the man beside him. "I guess so." Briefly shrugging his shoulders in response, Zeik suggested to Valyr that they passed the time waiting for the other candidates by talking about certain topics. Hearing that, Valyr agreed without hesitation, hoping to catch up on recent events as the two of them sat near the edge of the crater. 'Well then. I guess you're not that insufferable, after all.' Glancing a bit at Faulus, who coincidentally was looking back at him from the other side of the crater, Valyr flashed a smile at the young man as he soon returned to his conversation with Zeik. … <subtxt>nnra.com</subtxt> "I apologize for being late." After waiting near the crater for about half an hour, a couple more people had eventually shown up, prompting Valyr and Faulus' group to look at the group that had just arrived. With how Faulus and Valyr were escorted to this place by a single person, it was no surprise that the candidate that had arrived was escorted by a single person, which was an old woman that looked to be nearing her sixties. Accompanying her was a young woman that looked quite frail, her complexion slightly pale. However, if one were to look at her dark brown eyes, one would think otherwise, feeling a great amount of determination and tenacity slumbering deep within. Combine that with a head of ash blond hair tied up into a ponytail, as well as a simple get-up that accentuated her features even further, one would instantly feel like the young woman had a unique charm to her. "Have you two been waiting for a long time?" Seeing as the two candidates that came before her had taken up a single side of the crater, the young woman urged that she and her escort take up another side as well. Once that was done, she then asked a question to both Faulus and Valyr. "We haven't been waiting for that long." Knowing the pitiful condition the young woman was in, Valyr decided to be amicable in his response, flashing a faint smile at her. "I arrived at around the same time he arrived." Surprisingly, Faulus responded normally to the young woman's question, a stark contrast to his incessant questioning towards Valyr's qualifications earlier. Noticing this, Valyr had a feeling that Faulus knew of the young woman's condition as well. 'Well, it's either that or something else.' Deciding to not think about the sudden shift in Faulus' personality, Valyr engaged in a bit of small talk with the young woman, with Faulus joining in on the conversation not long after as all of them talked about mundane topics. "Ah, shoot. I'm the last one to arrive." By the time another half hour had passed, the last candidate making up the group had finally arrived, arriving at the crater with an escort behind him. Giving Valyr and the others an apologetic smile after that, he then asked the three, "Have you three been waiting for long?" "Not at all. Only a bit of time has passed since your arrival." Hearing the question, the young woman shook her head in response, prompting Valyr and Faulus to look at each other for a bit before shaking their heads as well. "Thank goodness." At those words, the man that had just arrived let out a sigh of relief. "Since we've all come here to get to know each other better and to determine the one that would lead the group in the upcoming inheritance, we should introduce ourselves." "With that, how about I introduce myself first?" Chapter 499: The Tournament Begins Unlike Faulus and Valyr, the man that decided to take the initiative to introduce himself did not wear any clothes that seemed to be related to his affiliation with his respective guild. Instead, the man wore what looked to be a plain gray shirt, accompanied by a pair of ink black pants and shoes. Nevertheless, the simplicity in the man's clothing only brought more attention to the man's face, making one feel like they could not take their eyes off from him. With a head of decently long reddish-brown hair, and a pair of dark green irises, one would have probably mistaken him for a member of the Pyrrhia clan. However, rather than give off the aura of someone who had been immersed in the flames of the forge, the man instead gave off the feeling that he enveloped everything, as if he existed in everything within one's surroundings. "My name is Vylhalteinn Impyris." Seeing that Valyr and the others were looking at him, the man faintly grinned. "I come from the far lands of the Norvelling Tundra, which is why my first name is quite long." Making sure that each word he spoke was crisp and clear, he continued. "I shall be representing the Sage Guild in our upcoming journey into the Four Pillars' Inheritance. I hope we could show each other's strengths to the fullest during this tournament, so we would be able to better assist one another once we're inside." "Oh, I forgot to mention. Feel free to call me Vyl or Hal if you're not used to my first name. Glad to be working with you." At these words, Hal gave each of them a respectful half-bow, prompting the three to look at one another as they wondered who should go next. "Er…" Eventually, after looking at each other for a while, the woman that came before Hal decided to go next. "My name is Loreina Rainiere san Cappe," she said, twiddling her thumbs as she looked at the ground. Because of that, it was slightly difficult for the others to hear her introduction. "I am currently 18 years old, turning 19 in a few months…" With Loreina continuing to look down at the ground, Valyr and the others were forced to adjust themselves. "I represent the Tailor Guild in this upcoming expedition…" "Please take good care of me." With her voice becoming louder at the end of her introduction, she then gave a half-bow to the three, deciding to copy what Hal did earlier in his introduction. "Guess I'll go up next." Seeing Loreina take her seat, Faulus took the initiative, giving Valyr a slightly condescending look as he stood up. "The name's Faulus Erlenmeyer, the greatest prodigy of the Erlenmeyer family," said the young man with a confident grin. "I'm known by many titles, but I'm pretty sure all of you know me as the Lord of Medicine." "I have indeed heard that title before, yes." Hearing Faulus' words, Hal nodded in response. "I would like to thank you for the Panacea you've given me back then." Putting two and two together in her mind, Loreina did not hesitate to show her gratitude to the alchemist, giving the young man a sincere half-bow. "Oh, it's nothing at all…" Not expecting Loreina to react like that, Faulus let out an awkward chuckle as he waved his hands around, only to then notice that Valyr had not said anything after he revealed his title. "Ahem." Clearing his throat as he changed the topic, the young man continued with his introduction. "I have been specially chosen by the Alchemist Guild to represent the alchemists in this upcoming journey in the Four Pillars' Inheritance." "It would be a great pleasure to work with all of you." Giving everyone a half-bow as he finished his introduction, Faulus slowed down his half-bow as he glared at Valyr, telling the latter through his eyes that the incident from earlier was not over. In response to the glare, Valyr merely gave the young man a faint grin, showing through his expression that he was not afraid of continuing such a thing. "Since everyone's already introduced themselves, then that only leaves me." Feeling somewhat impressed at Faulus for knowing how not to show his grudges so openly, Valyr went ahead and stood up, prompting both Hal and Loreina to look at him. 'Heh. Now you have no excuse but to introduce yourself.' Watching from the other side of the crater, a faint smirk crept up onto Faulus' lips, eager to know the true identity of the man who had punched him in the stomach. "I have been chosen by the Blacksmith Guild to represent the blacksmiths during this upcoming expedition." Starting his introduction, Valyr decided to introduce himself using the identity that many people knew about. "Compared to you three, who all have such laudable titles, I am in many ways lacking." 'So, you admit you're a no-name that only has brawns for brain, huh?' With the smirk on his face continuing to widen as he listened, Faulus was about to let out a faint chuckle… Only for it to become stuck in his throat once Valyr told everyone his name. "I don't know if you've heard of me before, but my name is Ylvar." Giving the three a respectful bow just like what the others did, Valyr eventually sat down once more, allowing the others to take in what he had just said. "Did you just say you're Ylvar?" After a moment of silence covered the entire area, Hal decided to break it as he asked Valyr a question. "That would be me." Valyr nodded in response, his eyes faintly glistening as he asked back, "Wait… have you heard of me before?" "Only recently." Hal nodded. "I've heard rumors that there's someone our age from the Blacksmith Guild that was able to forge an artifact. I never thought I'd be meeting that person in the flesh." "Oh, you flatter me." Letting out a faint chuckle, Valyr gave off the pretense that he was humble and down to earth. "I'm certain you'd be able to forge an artifact as well." "Forging an artifact is no simple feat, Ylvar." Responding to Valyr's words, Loreina spoke in a calm tone. "Even us three, who are considered great talents in our respective fields, only have a higher chance at doing what you just did." "Is that so?" Valyr went silent for a bit as he nodded. "Well, I'll have to thank the heavens for the luck they've given me to forge the artifact, then." As Hal and Loreina nodded in response to his words, Valyr looked at the only person among them that had not talked about his identity yet. Unsurprisingly, after hearing that the man who punched him earlier was none other than a prodigy who had recently forged an artifact, a bitter expression covered the entirety of Faulus' face as he felt indignation at how the other reacted to Valyr's introduction. "In any case, shall we begin the tournament?" Taking delight at the expression Faulus had after discovering the identity he had unveiled to them, Valyr's expression quickly returned to normal as he changed the topic of their conversation. "Ah, yes. I suppose we should begin." Nodding in response, Hal stood up and looked at the three other candidates surrounding the crater. One by one, he stared at them, imprinting their appearances
