was considerably better than yours." "Huh?" Though she listened to the young man's explanation, Theraldine remained confused, still having no clue as to why he was saying sorry to her. However, after repeating Valyr's words over and over in her head for a bit, everything eventually clicked into place, finally allowing Theraldine to realize what he was trying to convey. "Why say sorry over something that you had no control over?" Theraldine asked Valyr, her brows slightly furrowed. "Well... if you think about it from another perspective, you had total control over the entire thing, it's just that luck decided to shine down upon you during the duel." Letting out a sigh, she continued, "If anything, you shouldn't feel sorry for what happened earlier. So what if I felt a bit discouraged at giving it my all and it still being not enough? That just means that your skill in blacksmithing is far greater than I initially expected it to be." "And I prefer it that way, to be honest." "Huh?" This time, it was Valyr's turn to be confused. Wondering what had caused the young man to say those words, Valyr looked at Theraldine, only to see that the somewhat forlorn expression she had earlier from losing the forging duel was now completely gone. Instead, what replaced it was an expression filled with burning passion and unyielding determination, her eyes staring darts at Valyr as if he was the prey she was going to hunt. "With this forging duel now over, I don't have any more doubts of your worthiness to be the representative of the blacksmiths in this upcoming Four Pillars' Inheritance," said Theraldine, grinning soon after. "However, that doesn't mean I accept the fact that I'm behind you in terms of skills." "From this point onward, my view of you has changed. Not only will I consider you as a friend and comrade, but also as a rival to aim towards," she continued. "I will strive to become better than you in every aspect of blacksmithing, no matter what. I swear to the heavens that there will eventually come a day where you'd be the one watching me soar to the skies instead of the opposite." "I definitely don't mind the challenge, if that's what you're asking." Seeing Theraldine's renewed conviction of becoming a blacksmith better than him, Valyr gave her a toothy grin. "Though I'm sure it'll be a long time before you even become on par with me." "You..." Glaring daggers at Valyr in response to his words, Theraldine's anger was cut short as she noticed her father making his way to where the two of them stayed. "I apologize for making the two of you wait for so long." Bitterly smiling as he waved at the two of them, it did not take long for Julian to stand in front of the two with a proud smile. "First and foremost, I just wanted to tell you that you two have done great in the forging duel. You two have definitely shown everyone the capabilities of the finest the Blacksmith Guild's younger generation has to offer." "Especially you, Valyr." Looking at Valyr for a brief moment, Julian then shifted his gaze towards his daughter. "Apologies, Theraldine. Mind if you leave the two of us alone for a bit? We'll talk about it at home later." "Ah... alright then." Though slightly disappointed that she could not be included in the conversation, Theraldine faintly nodded, asking Valyr to add her to his friend list before they left. Ding! [Theraldine Pyrrhia (Lvl. 40) is now your friend.] After making sure that the two of them were in each of their friend lists, it was only then did Theraldine finally leave Valyr and Julian off on their own, prompting the smile on Julian's face to be replaced with a stern expression. "Just like what I've let you experience earlier, I have a ton of questions to ask you, Valyr. Especially after taking a look at that artifact of yours," said Julian. "However, before all that..." "Let me just say that you've definitely done the Blacksmith Guild a great service this time around." Patting Valyr on the shoulders, Julian gave him a warm smile. "With what you've shown everyone, the Blacksmith Guild's reputation in the kingdom is going to increase significantly." "Though, it would be more correct to say that Ylvar's reputation as a blacksmith would begin to increase significantly." Julian chuckled soon after. "It's definitely a relief that you had your disguise skill activated. If not, I'm pretty certain all heckwould break loose." "Aside from that, you're now a legend in the making, Valyr," he continued, staring at Valyr in the eye. "As someone who has forged an artifact at the peak of Rank 2, you're already considered to be an elite among the elite. In case you didn't know, there are only a handful of people who have created artifacts of their own at the same level of strength at you, fewer if we're talking about those at a lower class rank." "Anyways, enough compliments for now. I could go on all day and I still probably wouldn't run out of things to say about your performance in this duel." Deciding to shift the topic, Julian's expression became serious once more. "How about we move onto the questions I've been wanting to ask you all this time?" "First off..." "What kind of future did you see while making the artifact?" Chapter 476: What Lies Ahead . . "Huh?" At the very instant Valyr heard Julian's question, the young man was left at a complete loss for words. "You don't have to act so surprised," said Julian in response to the dumbfounded expression he received. "After all, I'm the only other person besides you that read through the description of the artifact you forged." "Ah..." Hearing those words, Valyr's expression swiftly changed into that of realization, causing multiple thoughts to surface in his mind as he wondered what Julian's true goal was in asking the question. "Are you perhaps asking about the future I saw in order to gain an idea on how to create the artifact?" "Originally, that was the thought I had in mind. After all, who wouldn't want to forge an artifact of their own?" Julian faintly nodded, prompting a slight frown to appear on Valyr's face. "However, after thinking about it for a bit more, I realized that the future you saw was just a reference you used to create the artifact you made. "If anything, you've shown everyone that attended the forging duel how to create an artifact, me included." "Of course, seeing it being made is still different from making it yourself. After all, for someone to even get close to creating an artifact in the first place, one would need to have a ton of knowledge, experience, and skill in the field of blacksmithing." By this point, the frown on Valyr's face disappeared. Instead, a slightly curious expression took its place. "Then... why are you asking about the future I saw?" "How could I not ask about the future, especially with what's going on in the background?" Responding to Valyr's question, Julian bitterly smiled. "Let us not beat around the bush here. I know you know what I want to know." 'I definitely do.' Valyr inwardly nodded. 'But still...' 'Though introducing something like the Hammer of Beginnings a couple of years earlier has drastically changed the timeline, I'm certain that sharing this information will drastically change the timeline as well.' Scratching the back of his head, the young man was conflicted on what to do. On one hand, if he kept the information regarding the future to himself, then there was a considerable chance that the timeline would still stay more or less the same, allowing him to respond accurately and accordingly. <subtxt>.</subtxt> However, if he were to share this information to Julian, though it would undoubtedly improve the human race's position during the War of the Three Sovereignties, he did not know what kind of effect it would have in the long run. 'Wait... why am I even thinking about the repercussions?' Fortunately, it did not take long for him to get his answer, gazing at Julian in the eyes. 'If I were afraid of change, then I shouldn't have done anything since the beginning of my rebirth.' 'However, since I've made my moves and already changed a lot of things about the timeline... what difference would it really make to me if I were to change it some more?' "Haah..." Letting out a low yet slightly exasperated sigh, Valyr finally decided to speak about part of his past life to Julian. "Before I tell you about what I saw, would you mind swearing a mana oath to not speak of what I said to others?" "That's..." Julian had a slightly conflicted expression on his face. "Though, if the other side were to swear a mana oath of their own to make sure this information does not leak out to those with malicious intent, that would also be fine." Hearing Valyr's addendum to the oath, Julian's expression quickly relaxed as he nodded in agreement to the proposition. Whoosh! With the clauses of the mana oath stated, Julian swiftly went through the steps of forming a mana oath with Valyr, causing his body to be briefly bathed in ambient mana before everything soon returned to normal. "Alright. Could you now tell me about the future you saw?" "So, before I begin..." Forming a barrier of mana around the two of them to make sure that no passerby could eavesdrop on their conversation, Valyr began to narrate the happenings he had experienced in his past life. At first, he talked about how the tensions between the humans and the orcs escalated, turning into a full-scale war wherein both sides wished for their own side to be only side to remain standing. Hearing this, Julian nodded as if it were a matter of fact, talking about how this would eventually happen if nothing currently changed. However, instead of Valyr's narration of the future ending there, he continued to talk about what happened after the full-scale war between the humans and orcs, telling Julian about how the elves got embroiled in the war as well, turning into a war that was fought all over Veldanyr for years. "The War of the Three Sovereignties..." Julian muttered to himself after Valyr was finished talking about what he saw in the future, committing the name to memory. "You're certain that this event would happen in the near future?" "If the war between the humans and the orcs continue to escalate, then there's a highly likely chance that it would still happen," said Valyr in response, prompting Julian's face to turn solemn. "A future where each and every being in the world would be caught up in war..." Going over the various things Valyr said to him once more, Julian could not stop himself from letting out an exasperated sigh. "It seems our preparations are still lacking in many ways." "I'll have to inform the others about this," said Julian not long after as he looked at Valyr. "Of course, I'll make sure to have them go through a mana oath." "Aren't you in any way suspicious that what I might be telling you about the future could be lies?" Valyr asked in response. "Do you really trust my words that easily?" "I don't fully trust your words as of yet, so I'll have to consult someone specializing in divination regarding the truth of your statements," replied Julian, only for him to confidently smile soon after. "However, if there's anything I'm sure about, it's the feeling that you won't lie about something like this so easily." "I feel touched." Valyr laughed in response, taking a look at the sky after that. "In any case, I should probably head back now... unless if you still have something else to tell me." "Well, I actually do." Julian nodded in agreement. "However, since you and Theraldine have been forging for what's basically the entire day at this point, just come here early in the morning." "Alright then." Nodding, Valyr began to make his way out of the Blacksmith Guild, dispelling the barrier of mana surrounding them as he waved farewell to Julian. "See you tomorrow, Julian." "Alright." Julian waved back. "See you tomorrow." Chapter 477: Revisiting Anadhar City . By the time Valyr returned to the inn where he and Wells were staying, the two of them briefly talked about what the other side was doing the entire day. Unsurprisingly, Wells asked Valyr at some point if he was the guy many people were talking about that forged an artifact in the forging duel. In response, Valyr took out the Hammer of Beginnings from his spatial bracelet and gave it to Wells to hold, whose eyes opened wide from shock. After all, from the very moment his hands touched the hammer, he instantly felt the power of the hammer coursing throughout his body, giving him the feeling as if he gained the ability to forge high-level equipment. Giving back the forging hammer to Valyr, the two of them talked for a bit more, eventually grabbing something to eat at a nearby restaurant after they felt their hunger calling for them. ... "I'm planning to head to Anadhar City tomorrow." Whist both Valyr and Wells were finally chowing down their respective dinners, Valyr said something to Wells all of a sudden. "What are you going to do there?" Placing his utensils to the side, Wells looked at Valyr with a raised eyebrow. "Are you planning to meet up with my family, perhaps?" "Do you want me to?" asked Valyr in response. "Definitely not." Wells shook his head. "If anything, that's the last thing I want you to do." "In any case, I'm not heading there to meet up with your family or anything." Briefly shrugging his shoulders as he understood his good friend's train of thought, Valyr eventually told Wells his purpose in heading to Anadhar. "I'm just there to meet up with someone and claim something I should've claimed sometime ago." "Is that so?" Faintly nodding in response, Wells returned his attention to the meal he was eating. "In that case, have a safe travel." "As if I don't already do that." Letting out a slight chuckle, Valyr returned to the meal he was eating as well. Eventually, the two of them finished their meals and returned to the inn, getting a good night's sleep sometime after that. ... "I wonder what Julian wanted to tell me yesterday that he wanted to come this early in the morning." After going through his daily morning routine, Valyr eventually left the inn after upgrading the remaining unleveled skills he had to their max level, roaming the streets of Algerie Kingdom as he made his way to the Blacksmith Guild. Though, knowing that many people would probably be searching for the young man that dueled against Theraldine in forging yesterday, he changed his appearance to something that was different thanks to [Enhanced Polymorph], allowing him to arrive at the guild's entrance without any mishaps a few minutes later. "You're finally here," said Julian, quickly recognizing Valyr, even though the latter's appearance had changed. "Come with me." "Alright?" Faintly nodding in response, Valyr began to follow behind Julian with a hint of confusion on his face, continuing to wonder what the latter wanted to talk about. Unsurprisingly, the two of them attracted the stares of a few people within the guild, considering that the Guildmaster was interacting with a young man. "What are we doing here?" Eventually, the two of them arrived in front of one of the counters made for the guild's official members, prompting Valyr to ask Julian a question. "It's to reward you, of course," said Julian in response, causing even more confusion to appear on Valyr's face as he wondered why he was getting a reward in the first place. Thankfully, Julian's next words shed light on that exact answer. "As someone who has shown the ability to forge an artifact, it only makes sense that your position within the Blacksmith Guild should be adjusted accordingly," Julian told Valyr while grinning. "Give the attendant your badge." "Okay...?" Though he felt like everything that was happening so far felt a bit too sudden, Valyr did what he was told, giving his Core Member badge to the attendant before them. "Now that I think about it, hasn't it only been a few days since you upgraded my rank to Core Member?" "If you showed me a few days ago that you had the ability to forge artifacts, then we wouldn't have needed to go through this process all over again, no?" Saying these words in response, Julian put on a calm expression as he looked at the attendant. "With the power vested in me as the Guildmaster of this branch of the Blacksmith Guild, I now hereby declare that the rank of this member shall be increased to Legacy Core Member." Hearing these words come out of Julian's mouth, Valyr was left speechless. After coming to terms with what Julian was doing for him, Valyr thought that his position would be upgraded to an Elite Core Member, perhaps a True Core Member if he were lucky. But a Legacy Core Member? 'Is this all because I've shown the ability to forge an artifact?' Asking this question to himself, Valyr watched the attendant before them process the entire thing, with Julian mentioning to the attendant to give Valyr the Technology Points that came along with the position. "As you've already claimed the 1,000 Technology Points that comes with being a Core Member, you will only receive a total of 7,000 Technology Points. Congratulations on becoming a Legacy Core Member." A couple of minutes later, the attendant was finally finished processing everything, giving Valyr his new badge as a Legacy Core Member. Ding! [Your previous rank [Rank 2 — Core Member] has been improved to [Rank 2 — Legacy Core Member]. Increase your rank or merit to improve your position.] [You have received 7,000 Technology Points.] Comparing the design of his old Core Member badge to the new Legacy Core Member badge he had received, aside from the badge now being made out of solid gold, the Legacy Core Member badge had a ton of fine details on its surface, showcasing the impeccable craftsmanship that went into making it. Even the letters and numbers denoting Valyr's class rank and position seemed to have been finely carved, giving anyone who looked at it the feeling that the badge was pleasant to look at. "Are you going to do the same thing for Theraldine as well?" After pondering over how he would allocate the 7,000 Technology Points he had just received for a bit, Valyr posed a question to Julian as they headed to the latter's private workshop. "I've already done it, actually," replied Julian. "Though the improvement to her position was not as drastic as yours, the amount of Technology Points she now has access to will definitely help her out for certain." "Anyways, this was pretty much the reason why I wanted you to come to the guild this early," added Julian soon after. "You're free to do whatever you want after this." "Free to do whatever I want, huh..." Muttering these words to himself, an idea gradually popped up into Valyr's mind, causing a slight grin to appear on his face. "Say, would it be possible for me to use the guild's Teleportation Hall?" "With your position as a Legacy Core Member, you would be able to use it at any time." Julian nodded, only to ask soon after, "Why? Where are you planning to head?" "Oh, you know." Valyr smiled. "I'm just going to head to Anadhar City." "...I see. Say, by another city, which city are you heading to specifically?" "..." Chapter 478: Continuing The Legacy Whoosh! "Well, that took me longer to explain that I'd expected." After explaining to Julian that he was heading to a city named Anadhar and not some random city, which was the man's initial thought, Valyr was finally able to head to the guild's Teleportation Hall and teleport into the city, being greeted by a few people once he had arrived at the Blacksmith Guild's branch. Leaving the Blacksmith Guild after he had informed the people there of his identity and his purpose in visiting the city, Valyr soon left the guild, roaming the streets of Anadhar City for a bit as a slight smile unknowingly crept up on his face. 'Though I've only been in this world for a bit over three months so far, a lot has definitely changed about me since the last time I've been to this place.' Muttering these words to himself, Valyr thought back to the time he and Wells had first arrived at this city, with the latter having to head to the manor due to his family affairs. On the other hand, he, who was Level 15 at the time, sought to obtain a couple of skills that allowed him to obtain the class he currently have. Then again, he also obtained something that only a certain individual in the city offered, which was a skill that would allow him to passively increase his PER stat. Of course, Valyr did not obtain the skill from that certain individual just because he could obtain it along the way. Though the hyperfocus ability that came attached to the skill definitely helped him out in his forging, being one of the reasons why he had even gotten the skill in the first place... That was not the main reason why he had gotten it. 'I guess I could finally unlock that advancement with the Technology Points I've gotten.' Faintly scratching the back of his head as he headed towards the city's entertainment district, Valyr thought about how he would distribute his Technology Points. 'I think I'll have enough to max out everything up to the Ancient Age...' '...and unlock the gun's most
