can increase your rank to Elite, eventually reaching True and Legacy after doing even more deeds for the guild." "However, what not a lot of people know at the lower ranks is that these four ranks are actually stages for the actual ranks themselves." "With that, the actual ranks that are in place within the guild are as follows: Member, Core Member, Lesser Elder, Elder, Protector, Vice Leader, and Leader." Stopping his explanation for a bit, Julian looked at the metal he had been hammering for quite some time, faintly nodding in satisfaction after making sure that it had taken on a good rough shape of what he planned to forge. Placing the shaped metal back into the furnace, he allowed the ambient heat already within the furnace to get the metal up to temperature. "The Member and Core Member rank are separated into four stages each, which are the ones you mentioned earlier, while the Lesser Elder, Elder, and Protector rank are separated into five stages each. In their case, they have an additional stage called the Honorary stage before reaching the Normal stage." "And then the Vice Leader and Leader rank don't have stages at all. After all, why would there be multiple vice leaders and leaders in one guild branch?" At these words, Julian let out a faint chuckle. "Anyways, since you're a Rank 2 class holder, if you were a normal member, then you would be able to get 100 Technology Points each month from the guild." "However, you're an elite member, thus you instead get 200 Technology Points each month." Taking a look whether or not the shaped metal was ready to be molded even further, Julian turned around to take a look at the furnace, only to take it out once more after noticing that a couple of the edges had begun to warp from the extreme heat. Ttang! Ttang! Ttang! While fixing the warps on the metal through incessant hammering, Julian decided to ask Valyr a question. "Speaking of which, how did you become an elite member, if you don't mind me asking?" "Participated in the Fledgling Forgers' Tournament," replied the young man in response, causing Julian to nod before proceeding to continue with his explanation. "I see. Well, it seems I don't have to go into detail on the fact that the amount of points you could get per month doubles with each stage. Then again, with a normal core member only being one stage above a legacy member, how many Technology Points per month do you think the former gets?" "1,600?" Though he already knew the answer, Valyr decided to humor the man. "You thought that would be the case, but in fact, it isn't." Julian wryly smiled as he shook his head. "Instead, a normal core member gets a thousand Technology Points per month, which is exactly ten times as much as a normal member at your rank gets per month." "Though, after that, the doubling rate applies once more, with a legacy core member getting access to 8,000 Technology Points per month." Hearing how much points a legacy core member had access to, Valyr thought about how nice it would be to have that much Technology Points at the moment, considering that it would be more than enough for him to increase his progress in the Technology Tree's Innovation branch past the Medieval Age. 'Then again, a thousand points a month ain't that small either.' Of course, Valyr was still more than pleased to have his rank increased to Core Member, considering that he thought that he would be stuck as an elite member for a long while until he found ways to increase his rank by the time he reached the higher class ranks. "Anyways, once I finish this, I'll have someone increase your rank in the guild to Core Member, as well as update your class rank to Rank 2," said Julian as he began to treat the metal he was working with through the annealing process, leaving Valyr no choice but to nod in response. "Aside from that, do you have anything else you want me to know?" "There is one thing I want to ask." Hearing Julian's question, Valyr was reminded of his conversation with Braum back at the Imperial Production Guild. "Would it be possible to sell equipment I forge through the guild's channels?" "No problem." Julian nodded, still keeping an eye on the piece of metal he was working on. "I could also have someone guide you through the selling process while upgrading your badge. Of course, the guild deducts a commission fee from selling your equipment, though this fee is reduced since you're now a core member." "Then again, I'd highly suggest you set up your own smithy if you want to keep all of the profits to yourself. The commission fee is still a large chunk of the profit, after all." At these words, Valyr could not stop a faint smile from creeping up onto his lips, only to tell Julian soon after that he did not have the capital to set up a smithy in the first place, hence the request. "Are you going to use the money you earn from selling equipment through the guild to set up your own smithy, then?" "As of now, no." Valyr shook his head. "I plan to use it to head to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains to grab some Skill Keys." "The Lesser Meltierre Mountains, huh?" Hearing those words, Julian stopped what he was doing for a bit as he pondered over something in silence. After that, he looked at Valyr and gave the young man a suggestion… which only left the latter at a loss for words. "How about you use the guild's teleportation constructs, then?" Chapter 375: Even More Nepotism "Eh?" For a few seconds, Valyr looked at Julian with a blank expression, feeling great disbelief at the words the latter had said to him to the point that he wondered whether he had heard correctly. Fortunately, it did not take long for him to get over his shock, though he was still hesitant to accept it outright. "What's wrong?" Naturally, Julian noticed Valyr's hesitation while concurrently having the piece of equipment he was working on now undergo through the tempering process. "Didn't you want to use the teleportation constructs? After all, it'll save you a lot of money than using the public ones." "I know that." Valyr nodded, his face containing a wry smile. "However, don't you think it would be suspicious for a core member to head through the guild's teleportation constructs for no reason? I may now have a considerably higher rank than before, but would it be enough for me to pass through the constructs without a problem?" "Ah." At those words, it was only at that moment did Julian realize his blunder, stopping what he was doing for a second as he thought about it for a bit. After a minute or so of silence, the man looked at Valyr with an apologetic smile. "I definitely overlooked that part. Thanks for reminding me." "Teleportation constructs are only available to use for those at the Lesser Elder rank and above, so a core member like you would definitely be stopped even before you step a foot into the room where the constructs are." Scratching the back of his head, Julian placed the forging hammer he was wielding to the side as he pondered over the matter at hand. "Hmm… what to do…" Of course, it did not take long for the answer to pop up in his mind, prompting him to continue working on the piece of equipment before him, albeit at a slightly faster pace. "Let's do it this way. Let me finish forging this piece of equipment first and then I'll accompany you in upgrading your badge, as well as have you go through the teleportation constructs. Sound good?" Hearing Julian's suggestion this time around, although it still left Valyr at a loss for words, it was not due to the immense shock he felt from the suggestion anymore. Instead, it was the slight excitement he felt towards the situation, which caused him to nod in agreement to what Julian had said to him. Seeing Valyr nod in response to his suggestion, Julian nodded back as he flashed a slight grin, only to focus his attention back on the equipment before him. "Since it'll be a while before I finish, you could either go ahead and wait for me outside, or you could stay here and watch me forge while we talk about a couple things. It's not often that I have visitors in my room while I forge, to be honest." "I'd be glad to take you up on your second offer, then." In response to Julian's words, Valyr went with the second option, prompting the middle-aged man to let out a bit of hearty laughter as he gave the young man a toothy grin. After that, Julian worked on the equipment for a bit more before placing the forging hammer to the side, staring at the air in front of him soon after. "What level and rarity is your disguise skill at the moment?" Whilst Julian was in the middle of staring at nothing, he posed a question to Valyr, which caused the latter to tilt his head in slight confusion for a bit, wondering the man's intent behind the question. Thankfully, it did not take long for the young man to put two and two together in his mind, becoming slightly expectant and excited as to what Julian might do in response to his answer. "It's an Uncommon+ skill at Level 10. Currently at the bottleneck." "I'm surprised you could get a disguise skill at that rarity with your current class rank." With his eyes briefly widening in surprise at Valyr's answer, Julian closed his eyes for a bit, only for a rift to appear a few dozen centimeters away from him. Whoosh! With Valyr staring at the scene before him wide-eyed in shock, Julian extended one of his hands into the rift before eventually retrieving a key that was silver in color, its overall design bearing great resemblance to keys from ancient times. Embedded within the bow of a key was a small green crystal, which gave Valyr the feeling that it contained the power to unlock something within him. "Here you go. An Uncommon grade Skill Key. Use it to upgrade your disguise skill. After all, we don't want anyone else to find out your true identity." After giving the Skill Key to Valyr, Julian closed the rift he had opened before returning his attention to the piece of equipment he was working on, the sound of metal clashing against metal resounding throughout the room once more. Staring at the key he had been given for a bit, Valyr took in a deep breath before proceeding to command the system to use the Skill Key to unlock the bottleneck stopping him from upgrading [Enhanced Polymorph] to Level 11 and above. Ding! [Would you like to use 1 Uncommon Skill Key and spend 14,684 XP to upgrade 'Enhanced Polymorph' to Level 11?] "Yes." At the very instant after he had confirmed the prompt that appeared in front of him, the key he was holding transformed into motes of light, all of which were making their way to his forehead. Then, without leaving a trace on his forehead, the motes of light passed through his forehead and entered his mind, eventually finding the skill that Valyr chose to unlock as the sound of a door unlocking resounded through his mind not long after. Soon after, an influx of information regarding the skill surged through Valyr's mind, giving the young man a better idea of what he could do with the skill, as well as what limits the skill had now that it had broken through its bottleneck. Once he was finished organizing the information he had received from the upgrade, he then went ahead and commanded the system to upgrade [Enhanced Polymorph] to its max level, causing over 850,000 XP to disappear within an instant as he was soon bombarded with information once more. Though, with the experience he had regarding learning and upgrading multiple skill books at the same time, it did not take long for everything to return to normal, with the only difference being the fact that the disguise Valyr was using now seemed to be harder to figure out. Noticing this change, a faint smile appeared on Julian's face as he briefly glanced at the young man before returning his attention to what he was working on. And with that, the two of them decided to pass the time by talking about certain topics within the kingdom as Julian continued to toil away. Chapter 376: A Small Oversight "That was undoubtedly the most interesting conversation I've ever had with someone." Within the corridors of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild, a middle-aged man and a young man walked side by side with amicable expressions on their faces as the former looked to the man beside him before laughing. "You've definitely widened my horizons with that one." "To be honest, even I was surprised when I first found out it was possible to do something like that. Of course, you doing it in front of me only made it all the more unbelievable." In response, the young man let out a peal of laughter, nodding in agreement as the two of them continued on with their conversation. Eventually, the two of them had arrived at the main hall of the guild, prompting them to stop their conversation as Julian had a slightly dejected expression at the realization. "And we were just getting to the good part." "We could still talk about it some other time, no?" Taking note of the slight disappointment hidden within Julian's words, Valyr had to agree, thinking to himself that his conversation with the man was probably the most in-depth conversation he had about blacksmithing so far in his current life. Through their conversation, his doubts regarding certain areas had been clarified, while some of the knowledge he already knew in the world of blacksmithing had been refined in greater detail. Then again, Julian felt the same way towards the conversation he had with Valyr. After all, the latter had brought him a perspective towards blacksmithing that he did not think could be feasible in the first place, getting the feeling that implementing even some of the ideas he and Valyr had talked about during their conversation would enhance his crafts to a whole other level. "That is true." Though Julian really wanted to continue his conversation with Valyr, he knew that the young man still had other things to do. Aside from that, there was the fact that he had promised a couple of things to him as well, such as the upgrade to Valyr's rank. "In any case, the sun is only a couple of hours away from setting, so I think let's get everything sorted before that happens." "I would definitely appreciate that." In response, Valyr beamed a smile to the middle-aged man, causing the latter to let out a hearty chuckle as the two of them headed towards the counters made for official members of the guild. Unsurprisingly, with Julian making an appearance in the guild's main hall, everyone in that area stopped what they were doing as they watched the two make their way to one of the counters, only for them to see the two wait for their turn. Of course, those ahead of them in the line they entered and knew of Julian's identity offered that the two of them could go ahead of them, while those who were oblivious to the identity of the Guildmaster of the Blacksmith Guild heard the slight panic in the others' tones and did the same thing as well. Unfortunately, both Valyr and Julian declined their offers, instead deciding to continue where their conversation left off, utilizing strands of mana to form a line of communication between the two of them as they knew that the topic of their conversation would definitely have everyone in the hall listening to them, especially if they decided to just talk about it. With that, everyone in the hall was left with no choice but to eventually return to what they were doing before the arrival of the two, though they still sneaked glances at the two from time to time, only to see that the two were deeply engrossed in their conversation. Nevertheless, the line continued to move forward, and eventually, it was Valyr and Julian's turn. "We meet again." Noticing that they were now at the front, Valyr turned his head to look at the attendant, only to notice that he had lined up for the same attendant that informed him to meet Julian earlier. "Hopefully, there won't be a problem with claiming my Technology Points anymore?" "T-There is none at all, sir." Naturally, with how the boss of the entire guild was standing before him, the attendant felt a level of nervousness he had never felt before as he tried his best to make sure that he wouldn't do anything that would infuriate the man beside Valyr. "G-Greetings to the Guildmaster." "Loosen up, will you?" Noticing the immense nervousness the attendant felt towards his presence, Julian went ahead and retracted his aura as much as possible, even going so far as to remove any traces of the aura he passively emanated. "If it helps, we only need your help for a couple of things here and we'll leave." "Give him your badge." As these words left Julian's mouth, Valyr nodded in response before giving his iron badge to the attendant, who received it with both hands. Continuing to hold the badge he had been given as he wondered what the badge for, the attendant eventually realized what the leader of the guild wanted him to do, placing the badge to the side before proceeding to bring up a thin tablet. Slightly grinning at the attendant's quick wits, Julian briefly nodded before telling the attendant, "With the power vested in me as the Guildmaster of this branch of the Blacksmith Guild, I now hereby declare that the rank of this friend beside me shall be increased to Core Member." "Oh, and also, give him the Technology Points that come with the rank." "I-I'll try my best to process it as quickly as possible." Nodding in response, the attendant took in a deep breath to compose himself before proceeding to infuse a great amount of mana into the tablet he held, interacting with it for a bit before heading somewhere with Valyr's iron badge in tow. A minute or so later, the attendant returned in front of the two with a badge that was made out of more precious material, its surface engraved with an incredibly exquisite design in the form of stars. "Here you go, sir." Extending his hands out towards Valyr, the attendant gave the young man his new badge, which the latter thanked the man for his efforts, only to receive it not long after. Unsurprisingly, at the very moment he had done so, a series of notification sounds went off in his mind as the two of them left the counter. Ding! [You have affiliated yourself with the 'Blacksmith Guild (Algerie Kingdom Branch, Veldanyr)'.] [Your previous rank [Rank 1 — Member] has been improved to [Rank 2 — Core Member]. Increase your rank or merit to improve your position.] [You have received 1,000 Technology Points.] Seeing the young man stare off into nothingness for a brief moment, a faint grin crept up onto Julian's lips as he wrapped his arms around the young man's shoulders, causing the latter to snap back to reality. "So, shall we head to the teleportation constructs?" "We could do that…" "But how about we take a detour to where I'm staying first?" Chapter 377: A Good Friend's Concern "Hmm?" Raising his eyebrows in curiosity as a response to Valyr's suggestion, Julian took a look at how much time there was left before the sun began to set, which was only about one and a half hours away. "I don't mind, but why the need to take a detour?" "My armor set that I use is still back at the inn I'm staying in." Responding to the question, Valyr had a slightly apologetic smile on his face as he looked at Julian. "Considering that I'm going to delve into a dungeon for Skill Keys, wouldn't I have a greater advantage if I brought along my armor set with me?" "But don't you have a spatial bracelet with you?" In response, Julian pointed at the bracelet Valyr wore, causing the latter to bitterly smile as he gave the bracelet to the former for him to take a look. At first, Julian did not understand why the young man had given him the bracelet, though after infusing his mana into it, it quickly became clear to him. "Now that I think about it, it's actually rare for someone at your rank to own a spatial bracelet." Bitterly smiling as he gave the spatial bracelet back to Valyr, Julian made his way to the entrance, prompting Valyr to follow behind him as the two of them made their way to the inn. "Judging by its design and its storage capacity, you got it from the Boundless Skill Pavilion, right?" "I wasn't even expecting to get a spatial bracelet after buying skill books from there," said Valyr in response as he softly chuckled. "In fact, my initial idea was to apply some spatial compression magic on my armor set so I could carry the entire set wherever as long as I had a backpack with me." "Spatial compression magic, huh?" As the two of them continued to walk through the streets of Algerie City, Julian pondered over the matter for a bit. "It's definitely far cheaper than getting a spatial bracelet capable of storing your entire armor set, but it's still quite expensive."
