Attack stat now scale off of his DEX stat, it now also scaled off of his INT stat whenever he used any of his magic skills. However, as the modification was more or less on the spot, with the basis for it being a lingering thought from one of Noel's past disciples, the Attack stat did not scale fully while using INT, its effects only being 50% effective. Nevertheless, the amount of damage he could now deal due to the change was more than just 50%, especially with the aid of [Hunter's Tracking Eyes]. With him being somewhat confident that evolving the subclass would eventually allow his Attack stat to scale off of INT properly, he thought about planning ahead by forging a magic weapon for himself, the form of which he was still unsure. 'I'll think more about it once I leave the inheritance,' thought Valyr to himself as he put the idea to the side for the meantime. 'I don't have the advancements unlocked nor the materials needed to forge it anyway.' . With that, he continued with his onslaught, methodically killing any aberration that looked to be within his range. Of course, while doing so, he would make some time to head over to Faulus and give the latter a few tips on how he could fight against his foes more efficiently. After putting all of his attention on the first few aberrations he had fought to see if he could kill them without many difficulties, the young man would usually look in Faulus' direction from time to time, gaining an idea of what the alchemist could improve upon as he cross-referenced his thoughts with his memories from the past. Once Faulus had killed a few aberrations of his own, only then did the young man impart a few words of wisdom, most of the time eliciting an enlightened expression on the former's face. Taking some time to ponder over Valyr's words and internalize its concepts, it was only after a few minutes did Faulus resume fighting once more, his capabilities in combat undergoing a considerable increase. With how many times Valyr had imparted Faulus with tips regarding combat by the time the former had slain his 100th aberration, it went without saying that the latter now had the air of a combat veteran around him, giving him the confidence to even fight a small group of aberrations without getting flustered. Then again, compared to someone like Valyr and Hal, the alchemist had a long way to go. … After imparting Faulus with another important tip regarding combat, Valyr resumed his fight against the many aberrations in the area he claimed, slightly surprised that their number did not decrease from their wanton killing whatsoever. Shrugging his shoulders as he thought it was some kind of magic from the inheritance, the young man swiftly sent out a crimson blade towards what was his 111th aberration, snuffing out its life before it could even realize it had died. "Hmm?" With how anticlimactic the fight was, Valyr was about to walk a bit deeper into the territory to fight a couple more aberrations. However, as he passed through the corpse of the aberration he had just killed, he noticed a small shard jutting out of the hole he had made, which glistened under the rays of the sun. Sensing that there was nothing nefarious about the shard whatsoever, the young man let his curiosity get the better of him and yanked the shard out of the aberration's body. Though, at the very moment he did so, a few tidbits of information surged into his mind as a notification sound resounded soon after. 'The Gates of Enlightenment are open to everyone. However, only those that proved themselves to be worthy of enlightenment may enter.' As he listened to the voice that resounded in his mind, Valyr felt like it had come from someone that had experienced the vicissitudes of time. However, underneath that layer of boundless experience was an exuberant vigor that would normally only be found in people their age, which made the young man feel like the voice had become jarring all of a sudden. Thankfully, the confusion he felt from the voice swiftly cleared up on his own as he took a look at the notification that had appeared, his expression becoming jubilant. Ding! [You have received a new quest: Gates of Enlightenment' Trial (1).] Reading through the notification he had received, an obvious thought gradually came up to the surface of Valyr's mind. 'Is this perhaps the true reason as to why the Four Pillars' Inheritance has been entered by many people already?' From the name alone, Valyr had no doubts that he would be able to gain a lot if he were to enter a place like the Gates of Enlightenment. Fortunately, it looked like he had already taken a step in the right direction to gain access to such a place, opening up the description of the quest he had received. Ding! [Gates of Enlightenment' Trial (1)] (Linked Quest) (Time-limited Quest) Difficulty: C The Gates of Enlightenment is considered to be a paradise for many, allowing those that have entered its gates to improve greatly on their abilities within a small amount of time. Though it is unknown as to why such a place exists in an inheritance, the gains one would obtain from such a place could be carried outside, allowing one to stand head and shoulders above others without fear. Of course, one must prove one's capability to enter the gates in the first place. Quest Objectives: > Obtain Key Fragments to the Gates of Enlightenment (1/5) Quest Rewards: > Primary eligibility to the Gates of Enlightenment > Access to Gates of Enlightenment' Trial (2) Quest Penalties: > None [Note: This quest can only be obtained and completed within the Four Pillars' Inheritance. Leaving the inheritance is considered as forfeiting the quest.] "So, what I'm holding right now is a Key Fragment." Looking at the shard he had yanked out of the aberration with a calm expression, Valyr faintly nodded in understanding as he tried to connect his actions so far to the quest he had just received. "Though I'm not sure whether my assumptions are correct or not, killing enough aberrations yields a Key Fragment at some point." "I should tell this to the others." Opening up the party chat, Valyr went ahead and messaged the others regarding the discovery he had made. While doing so, he went ahead and used [Greater Analysis] on the fragment, only to find out that there was more to it than it initially seemed. Chapter 595: Four Pillars: The Hunt for Key Fragments Ding! [Key Fragment to the Gates of Enlightenment] (Item) Rarity: ??? To be enlightened is to gain greater understanding. To be enlightened is to expand one's horizons. To be enlightened is to ascend to a higher state of being. To be enlightened is to encompass a portion of the world. This fragment contains trace amounts of energy that would lead one to a place considered as a paradise of learning for many, the Gates of Enlightenment. The trace amounts of energy it radiates seems to be attuned to one of the gates, giving off the feeling of leather and string amidst all other properties. Perhaps obtaining more shards of similar energy would allow one to get a better idea of where the Gates of Enlightenment lies? Ignoring most of the text that made up the description of the fragment, Valyr noticed that there was a small tidbit about the key fragments that warranted a bitter smile to faintly appear on his face. 'Feeling of leather and string… is the system telling me that this fragment is made for someone that specializes in tailoring?' Fortunately, the young man did not have to dwell much on it any further as the others had responded to his message, a couple of which made him briefly scratched the back of his head with an awkward smile. "You're telling me the Key Fragment looked like a shard jutting out of the aberrations?" Vera replied to the message Valyr had sent, containing almost all of the information he had gleaned from the quest and his actions. Though the young man had replied yes to the question, he had a feeling that Vera, as well as Loreina, would take a while to send a reply back. "Ah… so that's why I got a notification from picking up the shard earlier." With the two girls off doing their own things, Hal had sent a message of his own through the party chat, thanking Valyr for the information he had shared with them. Replying back to the message, Valyr soon asked Hal if he take a look at the fragment's description and tell him any information that seemed important. Answering back with affirmation, the party chat had become silent as Valyr waited for Hal to read through the description of the Key Fragment he had obtained. While doing so, Vera and Loreina had sent their respective messages into the chat that they had grabbed the Key Fragments they left on the aberration, only to not respond any further after that. "What are these Key Fragments are you guys talking about?" Certain that the three were now preoccupied with identifying the fragments they had obtained, Valyr was forced to look away from the party chat as Faulus moved closer to him. "Never mind. No need for the explanation." "Anyways, none of the aberrations I've killed have dropped a Key Fragment yet," said the alchemist not long after. In response, Valyr asked him, "The Key Fragments don't really drop. They just jut out of the aberrations after you kill them for you to pick them up." "Yeah, I get that." Faulus nodded. "However, I've noticed no shard jutting out whatsoever." "How many aberrations have you killed so far?" asked Valyr, recalling the hypothesis he had come up with before sending a message to the party chat. "Have you been keeping track?" "Of course." Nodding, Faulus looked at Valyr with a proud grin. "I've killed 89 aberrations so far." "Pretty good." With his eyes briefly widening in pleasant surprise, the young man gave the alchemist a satisfied nod. "Anyways, if my hypothesis is correct, you're pretty close to getting a Key Fragment of your own. Just make sure to count how many aberrations you've killed in total to confirm my suspicions." Getting a nod of understanding from Faulus as he returned to his part of the territory the two of them shared, Valyr returned his attention back to the party chat. Seeing that the chat now had a few more messages on it, he read through all of them first before sending a response. "I just checked through the fragment's description," wrote Hal in his message. "It says that it gives off the feeling of herbs and nature." "The feeling my fragment gives off is different." After Hal's message was Vera's. "It says that it gives off the feeling of books and spirituality." "Mine gives off the feeling of metal and flames," wrote Loreina in her message. "Wait a second… these feelings correspond to the four classes in our group." "I had a feeling that was the case," said Valyr, responding to the messages of the three in one go. "With that, we've confirmed that the Key Fragments we obtain from the aberrations are attuned towards any of the four classes needed to enter the inheritance. Next, we need to find out how many aberrations do we have to slay in order to get our hands on a Key Fragment." Obtaining messages from the others that they would keep track on the number of aberrations they had killed before obtaining another Key Fragment, Valyr soon returned his attention to the aberrations in his surroundings, keeping track of his kill count as he went through the aberrations at a slightly frenzied pace. Though, by the time he had slain his 50th aberration after the first Key Fragment, Faulus had come up to him with an ecstatic expression, prompting him to stop his carnage as he told the man to take a look at the fragment's description. After finding out that the fragment was attuned to the Alchemist class, Valyr then asked Faulus as to how many aberrations he had killed in total before obtaining his first Key Fragment, the answer of which made the young man slightly raise his eyebrows in surprise. "I made sure to not skip over any numbers and check over my count twice," said Faulus with confidence, storing the Key Fragment he had gotten in his spatial bracelet. "In total, I killed 111 aberrations before getting a Key Fragment." 'That's the same number I stopped at before noticing the shard.' Mulling over the number Faulus gave him, Valyr allowed the alchemist to return to what he was doing before shifting his gaze towards the party chat. Telling the other three that one might possibly gain a Key Fragment after killing 111 aberrations in a row, the young man decided to hold off on killing more aberrations and wait for confirmation before continuing. "Just confirmed. Got my second Key Fragment after killing another 111 aberrations," sent Hal to the party chat. Not long after, Vera and Loreina had confirmed it as well, prompting Valyr to thank the three before taking a brief glance at the sky. Seeing that there were still a few hours before the sun began to set, the young man took in a deep breath as he looked at the aberrations with a faint grin on his face. Conjuring a series of crimson blades in one quick motion, the young man instantly knew what he had to do, recalling the thing he had done back then in the Shadow Plane to get stronger. Which was to start a massacre. Chapter 596: Four Pillars: Mishap "So, how's everyone's progress on collecting those Key Fragments?" Sitting around the fire they lit to illuminate the campsite, Valyr looked at the others with a faint smile on his face whilst having a firm grip on his plate of food for the night. To no surprise, after everyone had confirmed that one would need to kill 111 aberrations to obtain a Key Fragment, the five spared no time to put all of their attention towards killing the aberrations, dyeing the ground of the territories they set foot on a dark crimson red. Then again, with the fact that the aberrations gave a lot of XP without needing to put in much effort, the quest revolving around the fragments only spurred them to put more effort into what they planned on doing. Nevertheless, by the time the sun had begun to set, all five made their way back to the campsite, with some of them begin to prepare dinner as they readied themselves for rest. While doing so, Valyr asked the others if they had experienced the same thing as him once they picked up the fragment, such as the voice that resounded in their minds after picking it up. Fortunately, all of them had heard of the voice, though Hal said that he had heard the voice only when he had retrieved the fragment from his spatial bracelet, prompting the others to believe that it might be due to the fact that he had put the shard into his spatial bracelet from what he told them. Aside from that, everyone talked about the effectiveness of magic within the inheritance, which the young man confirmed with the others that only the regeneration of mana was affected. On the other hand, the efficacy of the magic skills themselves were more or less the same as it was in the outside world. "I've got my hands on three Key Fragments." Seeing that Valyr wanted to start a conversation regarding their haul for the day, Hal was the first one to speak up. "I don't know if my progress will carry over to the next day, but I've also killed around a quarter of the aberrations needed to get the fourth one." Hearing Hal's words, Vera adorned a slightly bitter smile. "I've only been able to obtain two Key Fragments from the aberrations. Then again, the number of aberrations I've killed after that is around the halfway point needed to get the third one." "Hehe." Loreina smugly grinned in response, taking out the fragments she had gotten. "Unlike Vera here, I was able to get my hands on three Key Fragments!" "More like you barely got enough kills for three Key Fragments before we decided to head back," said Vera as an addendum, to which Loreina shrugged her shoulders as the smug grin on her face still remained. "I've made more or less the same amount of progress as Vera," Faulus spoke up after seeing that the other four were looking at him. Donning a content smile, he continued, "Though, I'm pretty sure I'd be able to get five fragments before it turns midday tomorrow." "Three Key Fragments." Seeing that he was the only one among them that hadn't announced his gains, Valyr went ahead and did so. "Got to around the halfway point for the fourth Key Fragment before returning to the camp." "It seems everyone will be able to obtain the five Key Fragments needed to complete the quest tomorrow, then." Nodding after hearing everyone's gains, Hal took out the Key Fragments he'd gotten from his spatial bracelet after seeing Loreina take out hers. Not long after, the other three took out the Key Fragments they had gotten, deciding to put all of the fragments together into one small pile. Taking a look at the fragments everyone had obtained today, almost all of them did not take long to notice a pleasant surprise after identifying their gains with their respective identification skills. Shifting his gaze towards Loreina, Valyr flashed a soft smile. "It seems we've already obtained five fragments attuned to the Tailor class. Feel free to grab it and complete your quest." "Are you sure?" Hearing the young man's words, Loreina's eyes slightly widened as she looked back at him. However, after seeing that the others were looking at her with smiles on their faces, she could only let out a sigh in response, flashing a wry smile at the others. "I'll try my very best to grab the remaining fragments needed for you guys tomorrow." Thanking the others for generosity, Loreina picked up the fragments attuned to the Tailor class one by one, only to smile at the others before telling them that her quest had now been completed. Whoosh! Not even a minute later after the notification, the five fragments Loreina had grabbed from the small pile began to hover in midair as they siphoned a bit of the mana from the surroundings. Somewhat curious as to what was going on, the five watched as the fragments gradually connected with one another, forming a token that had an intricate carving of a temple on its surface. "Did you get the continuation of the first quest?" Watching the token lose all of the energy that allowed to hover, Valyr went ahead and asked what the others wanted to know as the token landed on the ground with a faint thud. "Yeah." Nodding as she brought up a screen to get a better look at the new quest, Loreina grabbed the complete token from the ground before focusing her attention on the screen before her. However, before she could even tell the others what the continuation of the first quest entailed… Gooonggg… Out of nowhere, a loud gong sound echoed throughout the area, causing everyone to cover their ears as frowns appeared on their faces. Then, just as the sound had subsided for the five to start freely talking about where it had come from, the token Loreina grabbed began to glow a bright gold all of a sudden, only for the light to swiftly envelop the entirety of her body. Swoosh! Without anyone being able to make a move, the four watched as Loreina disappeared before their very eyes. Unsurprisingly, most of them felt great terror from the experience since no one expected her to be taken away all of a sudden, though all of them had to put this feeling of terror aside for the meantime as a familiar voice resounded throughout their surroundings. 'A worthy candidate has been discovered.' 'The Gates of Enlightenment's trial grounds have been opened.' Chapter 597: Four Pillars: Concern Hearing the voice they heard from picking up their first Key Fragments echo throughout the area, the four remained silent as they focused on what the voice had to say. 'Through these trial grounds, the Gates of Enlightenment shall separate the geniuses from the elite, the diamonds from the gravel, the light from the dark.' 'Only by weathering the challenge given by the Gates of Enlightenment in these trial grounds shall the candidate be truly eligible to receive knowledge.' 'Knowledge thousands, if not millions yearn to seek.' Letting the words of the voice linger in their minds as they thought about it from other perspectives, visible expressions of concern could be seen on everyone's faces as they looked at each other, wondering what they were to do regarding Loreina. Though Loreina was more than deserving of her position as a prodigy and as a chosen candidate for the Four Pillars' Inheritance, that did not mean that the others there forgot about the sickness she had been born with. From what the voice had told them, it seemed like the young woman would have to go through a lot of arduous trials, which would undoubtedly aggravate her sickness even further. "Are the Gates of Enlightenment connected to the outside world? Has Loreina been removed from the inheritance altogether?" Breaking the silence that surrounded them, Hal looked at the others as he asked them a question. "After all, the Imperial Production Guild has mentioned nothing about this to any of us. Perhaps it's something that only appeared after the entire inheritance had been made available due to our classes." In response to
