before him had mentioned. Pondering over everything he had just learned from Noel in silence, a question eventually formed in his mind as he looked at Noel, wanting to make sure that his understanding of the three subclasses were correct. "Correct me if I'm wrong, but is the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass considered a Rare grade subclass?" Valyr asked Noel sometime later, to which the latter nodded in response. "That would be correct, yes." "And does that mean that Void Serpentine Lancer is an Epic grade subclass, while Abyssal Serpentine Lancer is a Legendary grade subclass?" asked Valyr not long after, prompting Noel to nod once more. "Yes and yes." 'That's odd.' After nodding back in response to Noel's answers, Valyr went silent once more as he pondered over everything again. 'If I remember correctly, the first player who did this had obtained a Mythic grade Spearman subclass. However, Noel is only giving me the possibility of a Legendary grade subclass. Hmm…' 'Did I mess something up along the way?' With this thought in mind, Valyr rummaged through his memories from his past life, recalling the name of the subclass of the player that had done what he was currently doing first. Though the last two words of the subclass were similar to the subclass he would obtain from Noel, the first word that was attached to the subclass was vastly different from Abyssal. 'Don't tell me I'm only limited to obtaining Legendary grade subclasses at the moment?' As this thought popped up in his mind, Valyr thought that it made a bit of sense. After all, if a lot of NPCs had Mythic grade subclasses and above, then the number of Mythic grade subclasses available to players would become less, considering that both had an equal chance at obtaining one. However, the reason why he had gone through all of this in the first place was in order to obtain the Mythic grade subclass he had come to know from his past life. In the end, Valyr thought that there was no point mulling over it any further, thinking that a Legendary grade subclass was still leagues better than any other subclass a player could possibly obtain at the beginning. Though, just as he had accepted that he would only be obtaining a Legendary grade subclass at most, he decided to ask Noel about the subclass he had come to know in his previous life. "I'm asking this question just to satisfy my curiosity, but is there a tier above the Abyssal Serpentine Lancer?" As this question escaped Valyr's mouth, Noel's eyes briefly widened in slight surprise, only for him to raise his eyebrow in suspicion not long after. Eventually, the expression on the man's face returned to normal as he thought about the various ways Valyr could have possibly come across such fact, coming to the conclusion that none of them were currently feasible for the young man. With that, Noel briefly nodded at Valyr before saying, "There is." "Would it be possible for me to know what that subclass is called?" asked Valyr in response, feeling as if not all hope at obtaining the Mythic grade subclass was lost. "Unfortunately, that's something I'm not even close to fully understanding yet." Noel let out a faint sigh as he shook his head. "At most, I can tell you the energy that the subclass could possibly wield." "And that would be…?" "Chaos." Hearing this word come out of Noel's mouth, the slight disappointment Valyr felt had instantly disappeared without a trace, his body instead filled to the brim with hope. 'That's the first word on the Mythic grade subclass I came across back then!' With his mind coming to the conclusion that the reason why he could not obtain a Mythic grade subclass from Noel was because the latter had not reached that level yet, Valyr inwardly let out a long sigh of relief as he looked back at Noel. "Coincidentally, that's one of the reasons why I offered the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass to you in the first place." Noel let out a slightly awkward chuckle. "At the very instant you showed me your skills earlier, a certain thought popped up into my mind." "This child would reach a level of power I could only hope to reach." "That's the thought that came to mind." At these words, Noel's expression turned solemn. "So, I acted upon it." Whoosh! As the surroundings around the two became silent once more, Noel brought up a screen in front of him before interacting with it for quite some time. Not long after, a notification sound resounded in Valyr's mind, prompting him to look at it before looking back at Noel. Ding! [Noel Voragine (Lvl. ???) has decided to bestow you a subclass. Would you like to accept?] "Why are you going out of your way to give me such a powerful subclass?" Though Valyr wanted to accept the prompt at the very instant it appeared, he decided to suppress these urges once more as he asked Noel something he should have asked him in the first place. "I'm not even a part of the Spearman Guild." "It doesn't have anything to do whether or whether not you're a part of the guild." Noel shook his head. "At first, it was because of the thought that came to mind when I met you. But now, I'm certain that it's also due to the potential you hold." "The potential that made me think you could touch upon Chaos." "You know, I've been trying to find the right person to give the subclass to, and I've given it to quite a few people in the past," Noel said to him. "Almost everyone of them were stuck as a Shadow Serpentine Lancer, with only a few of them breaking through and becoming a Void Serpentine Lancer." "Of course, I wouldn't be surprised if this thought of mine actually turned out to be wrong, but hey." Noel softly smiled. "What's life without taking a few risks?" "A few risks, huh?" Valyr muttered in response. Then, with a slight grin, he accepted the prompt from the system. "Well, let me tell you now…" "That this risk is one you won't ever regret." Ding! … … … … … [You have obtained the subclass 'Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer (Uncommon)'.] Chapter 305: Benefits And Issues Of A Subclass "A risk I won't ever regret, huh?" Listening to the words that came out of Valyr's mouth, Noel let out a hearty chuckle, feeling that the young man's personality seemed to meld well with his own. However, just as he was about to say something to the man, Valyr's expression, which was that of an eager smile earlier, was now replaced with a deep frown. 'What the…' Reading through the first notification he had received after accepting the prompt, a frown instantly appeared on Valyr's face, focusing most of his attention on the first word that preceded the subclass he was expecting to get in the first place. 'Wasn't I supposed to get Shadow Serpentine Lancer?' 'What's with the Neophyte at the beginning of it all?' While the frown on his face deepened, Valyr decided to continue reading through the other notifications that came after the first, his eyebrows raised in slight surprise as he was greeted by a notification that he both did and did not expect. Ding! [Due to the user obtaining their subclass at the peak of Rank 1, the effects of the subclass shall be applied retroactively.] [You have gained 15 VIT, 15 STR, 30 AGI, and 45 DEX.] Whoosh! Coincidentally, just as his eyes had focused on these two notifications, a great wave of energy started to course throughout his body, imbuing within him the feeling that he had gained a lot of strength within an instant. Though the feeling subsided after quite some time, the feeling was enough for Valyr to forget about the small difference in the subclass he had obtained for a while. 'I don't know if the stats I should get from obtaining the subclass should be higher or not, but at the very least, the other perks from the subclass I was expecting to get are still there.' A few seconds later, the frown on his face returned, the thought of the subclass he obtained not being the one he expected to get still lingering in his mind. Inwardly letting out a low sigh, he suppressed the feeling of rage welling up within him as he had a hunch that Noel might have a good reason for giving him his current subclass. And with that, he took a look at the remaining notifications he had yet to read, the ones he was expecting to get in the first place. [Due to the nature of your subclass, your Attack stat now scales off of your DEX stat instead of your STR stat.] [Due to the nature of your subclass, you have gained the passive skill 'Shadow Energy Empowerment'.] 'With how higher my DEX is compared to my STR, my combat power has basically increased by more than half all because my Attack stat is now based off DEX.' Bringing up his status screen for a bit, Valyr was briefly left at a loss for words at how substantial of an improvement obtaining the subclass was, taking quite some time to calm himself down after. 'As for the passive skill I obtained…' Ding! [Shadow Energy Empowerment] (Lv. MAX) Rarity: Uncommon You have gained access to a type of energy that is unique only to Shadow Serpents, a type of energy that remains elusive to those that are not aware of it, but instills dread and fear to those who do. Through this energy, your skills grow more ferocious, allowing you to slay your foes with greater ease. This skill increases the efficacy of techniques under [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] and [Shadow Serpent Movement Style] by 20%. 'Definitely something I'm greatly satisfied with.' After going through all of the notifications that had appeared after accepting the prompt, Valyr went ahead and focused his attention back on Noel, who seemed to be staring at him for quite some time with a pensive expression. "Is there a problem? You've been frowning for quite some time." Noticing that Valyr had focused his attention on him, Noel took the opportunity to ask the question that had been lingering within his mind ever since he noticed the frown on the young man's face. "Not really a problem, but more of a question," said Valyr in response, the frown on his disappearing as his expression turned solemn. "You've been telling me all this time that I would get the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass. But when I accepted it, the subclass I got instead was the Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer." "Ahh…" After listening to Valyr's words, Noel eventually nodded in understanding. "So that's what's been troubling you since earlier." "Well, I'd suggest you take a look at the description of the subclass first before I continue with what I have to say." Hearing these words come from Noel, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to do so, a screen appearing in front of him not long after. Ding! [Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer] (Subclass) Rarity: Uncommon Many spearmen throughout the ages have tried to forge their own path by taking inspiration from nature, with some ending up more successful than others. However, there are those who forge their own path of spearmanship by taking from nature itself, allowing their way of the spear to stand head and shoulders above their peers. A Shadow Serpentine Lancer is one such path that takes from nature itself, taking the energy of an elusive beast, the Shadow Serpent, and making it into one's own. Such a lancer gains the ability to land deadly yet elusive attacks under the covers of the shadows, turning them into a foe that would be everyone's worst enemy in the battlefield. However, unlike Shadow Serpentine Lancers, Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancers have gained the energy of the Shadow Serpent through impure means, causing the quantity and quality of the energy they command to be subpar when compared to true Shadow Serpentine Lancers. Nevertheless, even a being like them would be considered a deadly foe everyone must kill, sometimes ending up becoming far scarier than actual Shadow Serpentine Lancers. For each level gained in this subclass, the user gains +1 VIT, +1 STR, +2 AGI, and +3 DEX. "Are you telling me the reason why you gave me the subclass is because of the Shadow Energy I have command over?" Once he was done reading through the subclass' description, it did not take long for Valyr to gain an idea of what Noel wanted him to obtain from reading it. "Though I do admire the fact that you have gained access to Shadow Energy even before obtaining the subclass, the energy I have control over allows me to gain an idea on how you gained your source," Noel said in response. "Would I be wrong in saying that you gained Shadow Energy by absorbing an orb of Shadow Serpent Essence?" "…" At those words, Valyr remained silent, surprised that Noel had come to that conclusion without even asking him questions about it. Nevertheless, he responded back with a faint nod, causing Noel to nod back as he opened his mouth not long after. "The fact that you not only have a small amount of Shadow Energy within you, but an impure version of Shadow Energy at that, made me decide that although giving you the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass was an option, it was an option that would only hinder you than benefit you with your current Shadow Energy." "How would it hinder me?" Valyr had a curious expression on his face. "Let me put it this way, Ylvar." Noel looked at him with a calm expression. "If I were to give you the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass right now instead of the one you currently have, even ascending to the next rank, becoming a Void Serpentine Lancer, would be next to impossible for you." "However, if you're fine with wasting away such potential, then I don't mind giving you the subclass. Perhaps you might subvert my expectations." Saying these words, Valyr went silent for a bit. Gone was the eagerness he had in obtaining the subclass before. Instead, what replaced it was a man that weighed the gains and losses of each decision, especially after being told that it would limit him in the long run. "Is there a way for my Shadow Energy to improve, then?" Of course, after listening to Noel talk all this time, Valyr knew that everything revolved around his impure Shadow Energy. With that, he went ahead and asked the question that seemed to be something Noel was waiting to hear all this time, evident by the old man's pleased smile after Valyr was done asking. "I'm glad you asked." Noel nodded. "Considering how you awakened your Shadow Energy, there are three ways to improve the quality and quantity of your own Shadow Energy. However, if it wasn't for that, then there would only be two." "Since you've absorbed Shadow Energy from an orb of Shadow Serpent Essence, then the first way would be to absorb even more orbs of Shadow Serpent Essence. Of course, there is a likely chance that these energies would clash with one another, so you would have purify the energy from the orb you absorb first before melding it into the energy you already have." "As for the second way, it's similar to the first one I just mentioned, with the only difference being that you would have to attune yourself to your own Shadow Energy and gradually absorb the faint traces of Shadow Energy in your surroundings, refining and improving your own Shadow Energy bit by bit. Among the two, this would assure you that you'd become a Shadow Serpentine Lancer, but it would take quite some time before reaching that point." At Noel's last few words, Valyr had a slight frown on his face. If the threat of the final battle wasn't reminding him from the back of his head time and time again, he would have opted to go with the safest route since there wouldn't be a reason for him to become a Shadow Serpentine Lancer so quickly. Sadly, there was. 'Since the first method's too costly, and the second method's too slow, I guess I'll probably have to ask about the third method.' Inwardly letting out a sigh, Valyr went ahead and asked Noel what the last method was. In response, Noel told him that it was the quickest way to improve the quality and quantity of his Shadow Energy, yet at the same time, it was the riskiest and most difficult. As to what it was… "Well, the last method is basically the method as to how the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass came about in the first place." "And that would be…?" "To kill a Shadow Serpent, of course." Chapter 306: A Quick Trip After Noel mentioned that the final method to improve his Shadow Energy was to kill a Shadow Serpent, Valyr's eyes widened for a bit in surprise. Though, not long after, his expression returned to normal as he inwardly facepalmed, thinking to himself as to how he had not gotten to that conclusion before. After all, since absorbing an orb of Shadow Serpent Essence allowed him to gain access to Shadow Energy, then it would make sense that killing a Shadow Serpent would also work as well. "Now that I mention it, I just remembered that these three are also the methods one would have access to in order to become a Shadow Serpentine Lancer in the first place," Noel said sometime later. "Of course, that's considering they didn't have [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] and had access to Shadow Energy before obtaining the subclass like you did." "In fact, it could be considered as a requirement to obtaining the subclass in the first place," he continued. "Either way, I'm going off on a tangent here. Those are the three methods that you could choose to use if you want to improve your Shadow Energy to eventually become a bona fide Shadow Serpentine Lancer." "How did you gain access to Shadow Energy in the first place?" Rather than ponder over the three choices he was given, Valyr was instead curious as to how the old man before him became a Shadow Serpentine Lancer in the first place. With that, Noel briefly raised his eyebrow in slight interest. "Are you going to choose your method based on how I became a Shadow Serpentine Lancer?" Noel let out a soft chuckle. "Well, what if I told you I obtained the subclass I currently have now as an accident?" In response to those words, Valyr remained silent, though the expression on his face was enough for Noel to know that he wanted to learn more about it. "A long time ago, I had a Spearman-based subclass that I was incredibly satisfied with," Noel started narrating. "It had all of the abilities that I wanted, the stats that I wanted to grow stronger in, all in all, I was just satisfied with having it, considering that it was of a significantly high rarity." "Note that this happened at a time when I didn't occupy a position within the Spearman Guild yet," said Noel in the midst of his narration, wanting to clarify his story's setting. Obtaining a nod in response from Valyr, he then continued where he left off. "Of course, even though I wasn't occupying a position yet, I was someone that held a lot of importance to the guild." A light smile gradually crept up on his face as he continued to recall what had transpired in the past. "With that, I was the first person they asked when they were looking for someone that was willing to kill an incredibly ferocious beast." "I'm sure by now that you already know what kind of beast I'm referring to, right?" Noel asked Valyr sometime later, to which the latter nodded. Nodding back, Noel continued. "I won't get into the specifics of what happened along the way, but at the very end of it all, I had successfully killed the Shadow Serpent that many people had died to. At that point, I thought I would just head back to the Spearman Guild, claim my rewards, and then head home and rest easy." "Boy was I wrong." Noel bitterly smiled. "Instead, what happened was that all of the lingering energy from the corpse swiftly made its way to my body and gave me the ability to tap into a pure yet destructive source of energy that differed from mana." "With that, I eventually found someone who knew more about it, and eventually, I became a Shadow Serpentine Lancer." With Noel having finished his story of how he had become a Shadow Serpentine Lancer in the first place, Valyr looked down at the ground for a bit and pondered once more over which among the three methods he would choose. However, with the looming threat of the final battle still lingering in his mind, and the fact that he needed to become as strong as possible for that final battle, it did not take long for him to come to a decision. "How easy… are Shadow Serpents to kill?" As Noel heard this question come out of Valyr's mouth, the former inwardly let out a low sigh as he responded. "Considerably easy… if you were a Rank 3 class holder at the very least." At this moment, Noel's expression towards Valyr was that of slight concern. After all, to him, it seemed like the young man in front of him was making a rash choice. Yet, rather than thinking of Noel's words as a cue to stop his train of thought there, Valyr instead nodded in response to his answer before asking, "Are there any Shadow Serpents nearby?" "I really wouldn't recommend you do that if I were you." Noel
