anything, the only reason why he had been chosen to represent the alchemists is none other than his class." "I don't need to go over why that is, right?" asked Julian, to which Valyr shook his head. As someone who had already been informed of the reason during his meeting with the elders of the Ancestral Council, Valyr was already more than knowledgeable in that regard. "Alright." Julian nodded. "Though his ability in combat is truly lacking, his ability in alchemy is the real deal. Thus, if he throws anything at you that resembles a flask or container of some sort, avoid it as much as possible." <subtxt>rad.co</subtxt> "Of course, his pitiful skill in combat is only part of his weaknesses. His true weakness lies in his personality," he continued, giving Valyr a faint smirk. "To sum up his personality in a single phrase: he's easily provoked." "So... as long as I taunt him over and over, he'll eventually bite?" Asking this question, Valyr looked at Julian with a hint of doubt, having no information of this side of the man in his memories. "Pretty much," said Julian in response. "An incredibly short temper, a great level of arrogance due to his feats, as well as a superiority complex. As long as you keep those things in mind, you'll be able to use him to your advantage." "You make him sound like he's just a tool," replied Valyr, slightly shuddering from the man's words. "I won't beat around the bush here. He pretty much is." Julian looked at Valyr with a solemn expression. "Especially when compared to the three of you." "With that, let's move onto the tailor of the group," said the man not long after. "Amongst the four production classes, the tailor class is predominantly occupied by women. Of course, there have been times where a few male tailors have shown their abilities to be on par with even the greatest of female tailors." "Nevertheless, female tailors still reign supreme in many aspects of tailoring, with the one joining you being no exception to that." Taking in a deep breath, Julian began to talk about the second person Valyr had to be wary out. "The tailor's name is Loreina Rainiere san Cappe, san Cappe being a reference to her hometown of Cappe Village where she grew up." "Aside from that, she's an Honorary Elder of the Tailor Guild at the young age of 18." "Sporting the True Prodigious Seamstress class, all of her works have been adored by many, ranging from those hailing from prestigious families, to those who have come to use her works in the battlefield." "However, she's mostly well-known thanks to one specific pattern of hers which has eluded multiple tailors for years now," said Julian. "Due to the pattern's miraculous effects of bolstering the piece's original effects to a far greater degree, she's more well-known as the Miracle Seamstress, though she's also been called the Seamstress of War by some." "In terms of her combat ability, she's far better than Faulus in that regard, though still lacking when compared to you and the other person I'll be mentioning after her," he continued, his expression turning solemn as he pondered over how he would phrase his next words. "As for her weakness, well... if you've been keeping up to date on her condition, then you'd already know what her weakness is." "Are you telling me...?" Turning the gears in his mind as madly as possible, Valyr eventually recalled one memory about Loreina that prompted him to look at Julian with wide eyes. "Yes." Julian nodded, his expression turning even more solemn. "She doesn't have much time left to live." Chapter 494: Rivals "..." Remaining silent as the words Julian told him lingered in his mind, Valyr thought back to the small tidbit he had recalled earlier, the same one that prompted him to ask the question. Though she had successfully left the inheritance and went on to create legendary pieces that allowed the human side to regain some of their advantages, it was known by almost everyone even before then that the young woman did not have much left to live. Growing up as an orphan in Cappe Village, people gradually came to find out that the reason why she had become one was due to a defect that she had been born with, a defect that befuddled even the greatest of doctors. Whenever she exerted effort, her lifespan would decrease. Of course, with there no being proper facility for orphans in the village, Loreina had to move out and about in order to get by every passing day, taking on any sort of menial work just to get some food. Unsurprisingly, this action she had done for survival unknowingly began to eat on her lifespan, with doctors being left at a loss for words when they did a detailed check-up on her by the time she was 10 years old, the same time people began to discover her innate defect. <subtxt>.</subtxt> After all, they found out that she only had 30 years left to live at that point. Naturally, after people came to find out her condition, more people began to help her out, even going so far as to aid her in ascending the ranks in order to prolong her lifespan. However, as if the heavens did not want her to live for long, each action reduced more of her lifespan in proportion to her current class rank, causing her to fall into a spiral of depression for many years. Fortunately, during that time, someone had introduced the path of tailoring to the young woman, a skill that did not take that much effort, yet still did a lot in the grand scheme of things. Because of that, her talent in tailoring was gradually discovered, allowing her to become the person Julian was introducing to the young man. However, what Julian did not know was that in Valyr's past timeline, the young woman would eventually succumb to the curse of the heavens just a year after leaving the inheritance, something that the entire human race deeply wished not to happen, especially in the midst of war. "Have they tried giving her the Panacea yet?" Inwardly letting out a long sigh as he felt pity for the young woman, Valyr eventually asked a question to Julian, who responded to the young man's words with a slightly bitter smile. "They have." Julian nodded. "However, even that did not remove the root cause of her weakness. At most, it only prolonged the time she has left to live." "I see." Nodding in response, Valyr finally let out an audible sigh, causing Julian to let out a sigh of his own not long after. "Alright." Wallowing in the somber mood for a while, Julian eventually changed the topic, returning to the atmosphere surrounding them to what it was before. "Let's move onto the final member of this four man group." "The sage." "In terms of combat ability, it has been said that you are only second to him," said Julian soon after. "Then again, that was back when Zeik had tested you while you had just ascended to Rank 1. If anything, I'm quite curious as to who between the two of you is stronger." "Wait... are you talking about Hal?" Realizing who the man was talking about, Valyr posed a question to the man as his thoughts whirred regarding the final member of the group. Back when Zeik had mentioned the name Hal to him, no such memories of a person having that name appeared in the young man's mind. However, now that he thought about it more during his conversation with Julian... Wouldn't Hal be more fitting as a nickname? "Yes." Julian nodded. "Hal, or more well-known by the higher-ups of the guilds as Vylhalteinn Impyris, is a part of the noble Impyris clan, as well as a True Honorary Elder of the Sage Guild at the young age of 16." 'I knew it had to be that guy.' With Julian's words confirming his suspicions, Valyr continued to listen to the former, committing every word to memory. "With True Prodigious Sage as his main class, he has made leaps and bounds in progress in multiple fields, though most of it is in the field involving skill optimization and innovation," Julian told Valyr. "It is because of his contribution to that field that his combat ability is considered monstrous even to those that have class ranks higher than him, certain that he would become a strong pillar of the human race in the times to come." "Of course, as the sage class is a scholarly profession, he has also dabbled in many other classes, the three production classes participating in the inheritance also being included in those." At those words, Julian briefly shrugged his shoulders. "Though his ability in those fields is considerably lacking compared to his main profession, he still has enough talent to be considered an elite in that field, causing people to call him the Lord of All Trades." 'I'm surprised that I'm not surprised to hear that.' Trying to recall more and more memories of Hal in the past, the young man gradually recalled the feats he had accomplished during the War of the Three Sovereignties, all of which had revolutionized the processes for many fields. Unbeknownst to Hal at the time, this series of revolutions had brought the level of technology in Veldanyr forward by a couple of centuries, with combat technology being most affected by it, being brought forward over a few centuries. Near the end of the war, rather than fighting against the orcs and elves with cold weapons and magic, some humans began to fight them using crude rifles and pistols, with some even forming battalions around the weapon. In fact, it could be said that if not for the discovery of the rifle and pistol, the human race would not have a dominant spot after the War of the Three Sovereignties. It was also due to that same reason that Hal had eventually become known by many under another name. The Monarch of Innovation. Chapter 495: A Little Pizazz After Julian explained a few more things about Hal to Valyr, specifically the man's weaknesses, the former eventually left the latter on his own once he had made sure that Valyr had committed his words to memory, allowing the young man to focus all of his attention on forging once more. Due to his increased forging speed thanks to [Forger of Epics] and [Forger of Artifacts], Valyr zoomed through most of the forging process while making the weapons he was planning to sell. However, this increased forging speed quickly canceled itself once he had activated [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] and [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight], taking his time to iron out as much of the dissonant parts of the weapons as possible. Nevertheless, by the time the young man had run out of materials to work with, he had forged a total of 10 weapons, each weapon being a different type from the previous one. Unsurprisingly, with his experience, his class, his skills, and his forging hammer working together, all of the weapons he had forged were of a high rarity, making Valyr incredibly certain that people would definitely flock to buy his work. 'Speaking of which...' As a thought surfaced in his mind, Valyr grabbed a chisel from the tool rack within the workshop before picking up some of the scrap metal that was left over from the forging. Putting all of it into the furnace, he then formed the molten amalgam of scrap metal into a cylinder before chiseling out the negative of what would be his forging mark. Or more specifically, Ylvar's mark. "That should do." Looking at the negative he had made in satisfaction, Valyr put the newly made stamp into the furnace to heat up its edge before using it to imprint the mark he had made on the weapons. Admiring the mark he had made for a bit, which was that of a star with two blades running through it in a cross pattern, he then imprinted the same mark on the nine remaining weapons, a faint smile adorning his face once he was done. After that, he sent a message to Julian regarding the weapons he had forged, prompting the latter to head to the workshop to take a look at what the man had created. Unsurprisingly, each weapon was more than enough to leave the middle-aged man at a loss for words, with one weapon prompting him to look at the young man in disbelief. "Are you sure you wanna sell this?" Raising up a simple-looking spear, Julian posed the question to Valyr, a conflicted expression on his face. "You do know such an equipment would even have the guild's elders fight for it, right?" "And that means more money for me..." said Valyr in response, letting out a peal of laughter as he identified the spear once more. Ding! [Halberd of Great Beginnings] (Level 40) Rarity: Epic Attack: 769 - 1280 Forge Quality: Exceptional Though it may be a simple-looking spear made by an incredibly prodigious blacksmith using considerably crude materials, the latent potential of the materials used in the spear have been fully drawn out, prompting the wielder to feel like the entire halberd was made of a single material. With the blacksmith putting all of his focus and care into the creation of this spear, imbuing the properties of the artifact 'Hammer of Beginnings' into it, this spear boasts a level of strength that matches even weapons one would find in legends, allowing one to cleave even the skies with ease. <Innate Skill 1: Sky Cleaver - Allows the user to attack in a horizontal arc, dealing damage equivalent to 200% of the user's Attack stat within a radius equivalent to the spear's length. Has a considerable chance of greatly knocking the enemy back. Cooldown: 1 minute. Cost: 2,500 MP.> <Innate Skill 2: Full Potential - Increases the user's Attack stat by 5%.> Remarks: The entire world would be jealous of owning such a weapon. "Haah..." Letting out an audible sigh as he looked at the young man, a bitter smile soon appeared on Julian's face as he thought about what Valyr aimed to do with the weapons in the first place. "Since that's the case, I might as well having this thing be sold in an auction, rather than through the guild's usual channels." "With that, if you have something else to add to this item that would increase its value even further, then I won't stop you from doing so." Putting the nine weapons Valyr had forged into his personal spatial bracelet in the meantime, Julian gave the Epic grade spear to the young man, pondering for a bit as to what kind of unique skill the young man would show him. However, what greeted him instead was the sight of the young man imbuing the spear with his own mana a few times, causing a slight frown to appear on his face. "I guess that's all I can do for the meantime that would really increase its value." Uttering these words, Valyr gave the spear back to Julian, who identified the weapon in an instant as he thought that the young man had ruined it. Instead, after reading through the skill's renewed description, that thought swiftly disappeared from his mind as Julian was left looking at Valyr in front of him in great shock, his mouth turning agape from the sheer unexpectedness of what the young man had done. 'Did he just... awaken all three possible attributes on a weapon?' 'Am I dreaming or something?' "Ahem." Realizing that he was showing an unprofessional side to the young man, Julian quickly composed himself as he placed the spear into his personal spatial bracelet, making sure that nothing within his bracelet would make contact with it. Seeing that Julian was now treating the spear as if it were an incredibly precious thing, Valyr inwardly let out a snicker as the former told him that he would be selling the nine weapons through the guild's channels, while the spear would be sold in an impromptu auction held by the Blacksmith Guild. Assuring Valyr that the amount of money he would be gaining from the weapons would not be small by any means, Julian eventually left the young man on his own once more, prompting Valyr to leave the premises as he swiftly made his way back home. Enjoying a nice dinner with his good friend as they caught up on what the other side was doing for the entire day, the young man eventually fell into deep slumber, making sure to recuperate as much physical and mental energy possible for the day tomorrow. After all, the position of inheritance leader was at stake. Chapter 496: The Day Of The Tournament "Do you really have to do this?" Watching Valyr get ready to leave the inn once more, Wells decided to pose a question to his friend. "I know it has something to do with the inheritance and all that, but... do you really have to do this?" "I'll have to fight against them sooner or later, you know?" Flashing a faint bitter smile at his friend, Valyr continued to wear the pieces of Nascent Wyvern Armor over his clothing. "Though it might seem like the three other candidates and I are entering the inheritance together, I know for a fact that we'll quickly head off our separate ways to reap our own benefits." "With that, fighting against them even before we enter the inheritance allows me to gain an edge over them," he continued. "Of course, I'm pretty sure you've heard of the saying 'Know yourself and your enemy'..." "...and you need not fear a thousand battles." At those words, Wells let out a low sigh. "It's something even my parents used to tell me." "Since that's the case, could you believe in me once more?" Seeing how concerned his friend was for his safety, Valyr let out a chuckle, affixing his blood-red spear behind his back. "I'll return to this place without a scratch. Don't you worry." "Promise me you'll take a break after this tournament, okay? You've pretty much busied yourself these past couple of weeks, after all." said Wells in response. "Or perhaps, at the very least, don't get caught up in battles before the big day." "The last I can definitely promise." Faintly grinning at Wells in response, Valyr finally bade farewell to his friend for the meantime, leaving the inn as he soon appeared in front of a familiar being. "They didn't tell me I'd have someone escort me to the venue." Saying these words, Valyr let out a bit of laughter. "They didn't tell me I'd be escorting a pain in the ass." In response, the familiar man let out laughter as well. Then, after making sure that Valyr had not forgotten anything in the inn, the two of them swiftly began to make their way to where the small tournament was going to be held. "Aren't you supposed to be busy with the outbreak and all that, Zeik?" Moving through the streets of Algerie at a slightly hastened pace, Valyr looked at the man accopmanying him for the journey and asked him a question. "For the first day, definitely." Zeik nodded in response, wryly smiling. "As a commander of the Combat Specialist Division, I had to coordinate the kingdom's offensive against the orcs with the other guilds and organizations." "However, after that, I've swiftly returned to doing not a lot, which is what allowed me to accompany you to some place once again." At those words, he grinned. "Of course, unlike our quick trip to the Akashic Battlefield, there'll be no orcs this time around." "Speaking of the Akashic Battlefield, what happened in the days following that incident?" Letting out a faint chuckle in response to Zeik's joke, Valyr then threw a question at the man, opening up the chat function on the side to see if the man had sent him update messages that he might have missed. "Well, naturally, the Algerie Kingdom went all out in its offensive after everything was sorted out." Telling the young man that he had not sent any message to him regarding the incident, Zeik went ahead and began to explain the situation to Valyr. "With that, most of the culprits behind the Akashic Battlefield incident had been caught..." "...except for one." Recalling the fight he had against the leader of the orc group within the Akashic Battlefield, a frown briefly appeared on Zeik's face as he let out a sigh. "Nevertheless, the ones that had been caught were quick to cough up information, allowing our side to send out an overwhelming offensive against the orcs on the east defensive line." "Have we found that being's whereabouts?" Asking Zeik the one that had escaped a bit further, Valyr eventually posed a question to the man that prompted the latter to shake his head. "Normally, it would've been simple to find someone like him," said Zeik in response. "However, with him being one of Khorzaan's Chosen, it's making it somewhat impossible to do so." <subtxt>.</subtxt> "...I see." Hearing those words, Valyr went silent for a bit before nodding, understanding what the man meant by that. As someone who had actively played a minor role in the War of the Three Sovereignties in his past life, being one of the many volunteers to participate in the war's frontlines, the young man was no stranger to the existence of the Khorzaan's Chosen. Being literally chosen by the emperor of the orc race itself, those that have been denoted as Khorzaan's Chosen showed a level of combat strength far greater than the norm thanks to their main class and subclass being of a high rarity. Aside from that, as they were chosen by the emperor himself, these beings also had access to the finest of skills the orc race had, allowing them to bring out over 100% of their
