assured Sana that he didn't need any specific information regarding the memories it had seen, just some broad details that would allow him to narrow down through his treasure trove of memories and confirm his suspicions. Nevertheless, the fact that Sana mentioned to him that it had lost the ability to go through most of his memories made him raise his eyebrow in curiosity for a brief moment, wondering if weapon bonds had such an ability like that for NPCs in the first place. Thinking that he could obtain the answer to this question alongside other questions he had racked up so far after making a quick visit to the city's library in the near future, Valyr placed the matter at the back of his head for now, moving once more in the direction of the inn as he attentively listened to what Sana had to say. "If what I can remember from looking through your memories is correct, the images I saw from your memories was that of a sight of a landscape where monsters of all various shapes and sizes covered a great portion of it. On the other hand, people like you, Master, covered a small portion of that landscape." After a bit of silence, Sana proceeded to tell Valyr what it could recall from looking through the latter's memories. "However, unlike the monsters, which all seemed to be filled to the brim with energy, all of you had multiple injuries, some light, some severe. Nevertheless, the overall feeling that I was getting from the side that was filled with people was that of hopelessness. It was as if it was only then did they realize that the number of monsters before them truly seemed to be never ending… or something along those lines." "Hmm…" Pondering over his spear's description of one of the memories it had seen, Valyr went silent as he rummaged through his memories while continuing to make his way back to the inn, eventually coming across multiple memories that more or less matched up what Sana had described to him. With the context behind these memories varying from one another, with some being memories regarding the highest level of monster tides, while others tackled monster tides far worse than even the highest level, he eventually came to the conclusion that he needed a bit more information regarding the memories Sana saw to confirm his suspicions, asking the latter if it was possible for it to recall yet another memory. Hearing Valyr's request, Sana responded back that it would try its best to recall another one, going silent once more as Valyr waited with bated breath, gradually becoming more and more nervous as time passed. Fortunately, by the time he was only a couple streets away from the inn he and Wells were staying at, Sana had recalled yet another memory that had triggered its awakening, causing the young man to stop in his tracks as he listened once more to what his spear had to say. "Unlike the memory I described earlier where there were a lot of monsters, there's only one monster in this one." Sana began its description of the new memory with a stark contrast between the current one it was describing and the previous one it had already described. "However, in terms of size, this monster more or less spanned the same area those monsters from the previous memory covered, if not more." Continuing to listen in silence, Valyr rummaged through his treasure trove of memories once again, narrowing down the list of possibilities as Sana continued to give him more and more information regarding the specific memory it had seen. "This monster had 20 legs, with each leg giving off the feeling that it seemed to have come from the skies above whenever it touched the ground," Sana told him. "In comparison, there were over hundreds of openings on its underside, all of them giving me the feeling that the memory from earlier would occur if any one of those opened up." "Do you still perhaps recall the name of the specific monster, Sana?" By this point, Valyr had already narrowed it down to a single memory, a grim expression now adorning his face as this second memory had more or less confirmed his suspicions. To be honest, he didn't really need to ask Sana this question as he already knew the answer. Then again, it was still better to find out to be sure. "Er… I'm not too sure about this one, Master." As Sana responded to his question, it radiated off a feeling of uncertainty. "But from what I can recall, the first word was Arachnaris…" "Arachnaris…" Valyr muttered in response. "Arachnaris, the Ancestral Tidemother of Origin?" "Yes! That's the one, Master!" Sana swiftly affirmed Valyr's guess. "That's the name of the monster in the memory." "I see." Nodding in response to Sana's words, Valyr thanked his spear for cooperating with him as he contemplated over everything he had found out from Sana thus far, a pensive expression adorning his face as he eventually returned to the inn. pαndα`no1~сoМ Heading straight to the room they were occupying, Wells quickly found Wells already sound asleep, prompting him to head to the portion of the room he occupied as he inwardly let out a long sigh. 'Out of all the memories it had to go through, it really stumbled upon those ones, huh.' Though Sana stumbling upon those memories of his did not seem like much in the grand scheme of things, to Valyr, it signaled the start of something he had already expected to happen at some point, which was the fact that everything would begin to deviate from what he knew as a player thanks to his actions. Of course, he had a feeling that it had already begun to deviate after he had obtained the World Quest concerning the storyline of Greater Beyond's first version. However, Sana stumbling upon those memories only made him realize that it had deviated even more. That was because the Age of the Grand Tide Sana mentioned… …was the storyline of Greater Beyond's third version. Chapter 327: Heading To One's Roots Allowing himself to immerse in his own thoughts, Valyr pondered over everything he had done so far to get to where he was right now, eventually wondering about something that he should have asked himself in the first place. 'Is there some greater reason behind why I was reborn to a time before Greater Beyond had begun? Why I was reborn as an NPC?' Going over through every action he had done in the past, Valyr eventually thought that each of his actions had caused a slight change to happen to the storyline, with some of them being less pronounced than the others. Then again, that was due to the possibility that the small action would only cause a change at a point far into the future, which Valyr had a certain feeling that it would happen at that point in time. A great example of an action he had done in the past that might have some great repercussions far into the future was him introducing the existence of Basic Reinforcement Elixir to Damian and Tristan, and by extension, the entire Astarto Village. As far as he could remember, it took a long time for players to stumble across the existence of Reinforcement Elixirs in the first place, with the first few players to come across it having discovered their existence at large cities and core cities. After discovering Reinforcement Elixirs, players began to use these elixirs en masse, with the NPCs from the towns and villages eventually asking the players about it at some point. It was only then did the NPCs from these smaller settlements begin to use Reinforcement Elixirs en masse as well. A point that was originally supposed to happen around half a year into Greater Beyond's first version. A point over one and a half years into the future. On the other side of the spectrum regarding actions that caused changes to the currently storyline was the World Quest he had obtained quite some time ago from Aster, which pertained to the storyline of Greater Beyond's first version. Though it could be considered that its effects would only become truly pronounced once the storyline was at full swing, after reading through the quest's description, gaining information from others, as well as a bit of self-contemplation, he had come to the realization that the change the World Quest had on the storyline was, in fact, far greater than he thought. Unlike his initial thoughts where he thought that completing the World Quest would only have a greater effect once the first version of Greater Beyond were released, Valyr had a feeling that the progression of Greater Beyond's first version as a whole would be dictated by his progress on this World Quest. There was the possibility that the storyline would remain as is, yet there was also the possibility that the storyline would become worse. Of course, there was also the possibility that the storyline would be complete even before the first version could even begin. Briefly scratching his head at the speculation rabbit hole he had gotten himself into, he decided to stop his train of thought there and then, conversing with Sana for a bit more after that before eventually falling into a deep slumber. … "I guess it's time to head back to where it all began." Scratching his head as he gave his consciousness time to acclimate to its current surroundings, Valyr let out a faint sigh as he got out of bed, quickly going through his usual morning routine before leaving the inn, heading to a nearby restaurant not long after for a light breakfast. While he was in the middle of eating breakfast, Valyr brought up a screen containing the chat function in front of him, sending a message to Braum to ask if the man was already awake. Surprisingly, it did not take long for him to obtain a response, with the man asking him why he had decided to send a message to him at such an early time. Taking a bite of the meal he had ordered, he swiftly sent a reply back to Braum if he could help him enter the Underground Transport Network, only to mention the Nascent Wyvern Armor set he had left at the workshop not long after. Fortunately, Braum had the ability to read between the lines, prompting the man to respond to the first topic that he was fine with him doing so, while he responded to the second topic that he would bring the armor set along with him, as well as a spatial bracelet that Valyr could borrow, which could fit the entire armor set inside it. With a grin gradually creeping up onto his face, Valyr finished the remainder of his meal before sending a response back to Braum, thanking him for his help as he told him that he was already on his way to the Imperial Production Guild. And thus, he activated a great chunk of the agility he had, increasing the pace at which he made his way to the Imperial Production Guild, arriving at the place only a few minutes later. … "I thought you'd take a bit longer, actually." Waving back at Valyr, Braum quickly gave the spatial bracelet he had mentioned in his messages to the young man, prompting the latter who had [Enhanced Polymorph] to grin in response before wearing it around his wrist. "For some reason, you don't strike me as a morning person." "I've just gotten used to waking up early." Valyr shrugged his shoulders in response, taking notice of Braum's current get-up, which looked far more casual than the previous times he had seen Braum in the past as the man wore a plain white t-shirt and dark gray pants. "Anyways, shall we go?" "I'll lead the way." Nodding in response to Valyr's statement, Braum proceeded to walk in front of the young man as the two of them roamed the streets of Algerie City. Along the way, Braum explained to Valyr the various rules surrounding the Underground Transport Network, as well as the various unwritten rules people had come to accept once one was inside the place. Fortunately, it did not take long for the two of them to arrive at a spot that contained an entrance to the Underground Transport Network, which looked like a slightly decrepit house on the outside. However, once Braum uttered out a few words to the old man who had opened the door for the two, he and Valyr were soon allowed entry to the depths of the Underground Transport Network, with the latter feeling a hint of nostalgia after returning to a place he had frequented in the past. "Just head to any one of the dark-robed people you see that aren't attending anyone else and they'll take care of the rest." While taking in the sight of the Underground Transport Network he was in, Braum said a few things to Valyr, prompting the latter to nod in response, only for him to bid farewell to the man not long after as the former told him that he had already done his part. Watching Braum's silhouette gradually disappear from his field of sight, Valyr took in a deep breath before making his way to one of the dark-robed people Braum had mentioned. "Destination?" The dark-robed person Valyr had gone to looked up at him as the man posed a question. "A few kilometers near the Astarto Village gates." Valyr faintly nodded at the dark-robed person in response. "One way?" "Round trip." "That'll be five platinum coins." Though he felt a bit of pain at having to part with such a great amount of money in his current situation, Valyr nevertheless gave the dark-robed man the amount he had asked, causing the latter to nod in response as he gave Valyr a small medallion with intricate carvings on its surface soon after. "Once you're ready to head back to this place, just infuse a bit of your mana into the medallion I've given you." "Now, step on the circle you see in front of you." Nodding in response, Valyr did what he was told, positioning himself at the center of the magic circle beside the dark-robed man. After a bit of back and forth between him and the man, the latter eventually nodded in satisfaction before infusing a great portion of his mana into the circle, causing Valyr's body to disappear from the place not long after. "Safe travels." Whoosh! Chapter 328: Reuniting Out Of Nowhere Astarto Village. "With each passing day, the situation out there looks worse than what it did yesterday." Standing a few kilometers away from the fortified stone walls that now protected the village, Tristan gazed at horizon before him, a slight frown adorning his face as he checked for the small nuances in the aura he could sense from afar. Though he had done the same thing yesterday while he and Damian were at the outskirts of the village to find out how much time they had left before the monster tide came knocking, the aura he and his good friend felt from the horizon was more or less a homogenous agglomeration of the multiple auras they normally sensed during a monster tide. Comparing it to that kind of aura, the aura Tristan sensed from afar was a bit more detailed in terms of which parts of the aura came from what monster, allowing him to roughly separate the various auras making up the aura he was sensing, forming a rough distribution of the monster tide's strength in his mind as he pondered over what kind of enemies they were going to face by the time the tide came at full force. "Guess I'll have to come back here a day or two from now to get a better idea of what the village is up against," Tristan muttered to himself as he scratched his head for a bit, pondering over everything he had sensed so far before inwardly nodding to himself. "In any case, if there's anything I've confirmed from all of this, it's the fact that the village is up against its first medium-scale monster tide." As these words came out of his mouth, a bitter smile gradually crept up his face as he let out a low sigh some time later. "It would be nice if the village had more people with tons of combat power like Damian and Myst." "I wonder when Valyr's going to come back?" Pondering over the thought of having more people in the village with greater combat power to fend off against the upcoming monster tide with greater ease, Tristan recalled the conversation he had with Valyr yesterday, prompting the question to pop up in his mind a few seconds later. Coincidentally, just as he had turned around to make his way back to the village… Whoosh! Accompanied by a brief flash of bright light, a being appeared beside Tristan, causing the latter to squint his eyes before taking a few steps back to distance himself from the being that had just appeared. Then, as the light in the surroundings gradually returned to normal, Tristan slowly allowed the shape of his eyes to return to normal as he took a look at the being that had appeared before him out of nowhere. "…" Unsurprisingly, it took less than an instant for him to realize who had just appeared before him, his eyes widened in great shock while his mouth was wide agape. On the other hand, the man that had appeared before Tristan looked at the latter with a hint of shock in his eyes before the expression on his face quickly returned to normal. After that, the man let out a bitter chuckle before slowly shaking his head. "And here I thought I would be able to surprise you guys with my return. Guess the cat's out of the bag before I could even reveal it." "Anyways, it's nice to see you again." … "I can't believe you really returned to the village the day after you asked." After Tristan eventually got over the shock he felt from seeing Valyr appear in front of him out of nowhere, the two of them began to make their way back to the village, with Tristan contacting Damian and Alfaera to head to Damian's office as he had a surprise to show them. "At first, I thought about taking a carriage back to the village," said Valyr in response, a relaxed smile adorning his face as he was glad to see Tristan again. "But because I was already at a place incredibly far away from the village, taking even the fastest carriage would have taken me a week to get there. By that time, the monster tide would have been long gone." "And so, I decided to look for other methods to get back to this place as quickly as possible… which is more or less the reason why I appeared in front of you out of nowhere." As these words left Valyr's mouth, he let out a brief cackle. "Didn't expect you to make that face, though." "If you were in my place, even you would be making a face like that!" In response, Tristan grumbled, causing Valyr to let out a bit more laughter after that. Though a frown appeared on the man's face as he watched the young man laugh at him, this frown eventually disappeared as he told Valyr that he was glad he was back at the village, to which the latter told him that he felt the same way. After that, the two of them talked a bit more, with Tristan informing Valyr regarding what was going on in the village lately after he had departed the village a month ago, while Valyr told Tristan about the things he had been doing as of late. Naturally, he had omitted mentioning a great portion of the things that had been going on in his surroundings, separating those matters from the matter he was going to tackle pretty soon. "Oh, yeah. I almost forgot to mention." As they made their way back at a leisurely pace, there was still some distance separating the two from the village gates. "I've ascended to Rank 2 quite recently." "Already?" Tristan's eyes widened in slight surprise. "Weren't you still at the middle of Rank 1 before you left the village?" "That I am." Valyr nodded. "How about you? Any improvements?" "Aside from the Basic Reinforcement Elixir you've given us, not really." In response to Valyr's question, Tristan flashed a bitter smile. "You're rubbing salt on an open wound here, you know?" "Definitely not what I intended to do." Hearing Tristan's words, Valyr quickly apologized, recalling the lack of opportunities available to Tristan and the other high-leveled players of the village when it came to earning XP. "But since you mention it, I do know a place where you could get a lot of XP in a short amount of time." "Oh?" "Yeah, but I'll save that for when we meet up with Tristan and Alfaera." "Why not tell me now? It's not like anything would change if I know of the place or not before meeting them." "That may be true… but I have something else to propose to you." At these words, a mischievous grin appeared on Valyr's face as he looked at one of the good friends he made in the village. "Say…" "Wanna play a prank on the other two?" "…" "…" "What do you need me to do?" Chapter 329: Taking Charge "Any idea on why Tristan had us wait at my office?" Deciding to do some of the paperwork that had piled up on his desk as he waited for the man that made the two of them wait at his office, Damian posed a question to the woman that had a slightly bored expression on her face, her gaze darting around the
