hands itching for the monster tide to come to the village faster. 'With [Shadow Energy Empowerment] also working behind the scenes, I'm definitely going to be in for a treat once I decide to use [Tide of the Dark Night].' 'Just a couple more days, Valyr. You'll get to go all out, as well as get the materials needed to upgrade Sanguine to the next rank.' Calming his emotions with a couple of deep breaths, he went ahead and initiated a small conversation with Sana along the way, talking about a few mundane things in order for him to get used to the feeling of communicating with his weapon. While in the midst of their conversation, a thought surfaced in his mind, reminding him of something someone had told him back then. 'Now that I think about it, I now meet the requirements to obtain the second part of Jekyll's legacy.' As far as he could recall, the skill [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] Jekyll had given to him was only considered the first part of the legacy he owned, which he had chosen to give to Valyr. Since the latter was still at too low of a level back then, he was not allowed to inherit the entire legacy all at once, with Jekyll instead telling him to come back when he was around Level 30. 'I'd suggest you get the legacy once you're done with upgrading me, Master.' While he was pondering over it, Sana's voice resounded in his mind, which he thought was the optimal decision. After all, he would still have to go to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains, as well as prepare for his entry to the upcoming Four Pillars' Inheritance. 'Then again, I'll probably still have to fork out a hefty sum to get to Anadhar City since I'll be teleporting back to Algerie City after this.' With the thought in mind, Valyr decided that he would think more about it after he was done with the monster tide, coming up with the idea of having Braum pay for his teleports until he was done with the Four Pillars' Inheritance along the way. … "Well, well, well. If it isn't the Tidebreaker." After ordering a somewhat light meal from the cafeteria workers for lunch, Valyr brought his tray of food to a vacant table, only for other people to start surrounding him not long after. At first, a slight frown appeared on his face as he thought that a couple of strangers had decided to sit beside out of nowhere. However, once he heard a familiar voice come from one of these people, the frown on his face swiftly disappeared, instead being replaced with slight shock as he looked at the three people that decided to sit with him. "Am I glad to see you three again. Leon. Louie. Jonas." Flashing a smile at the trio that had been one of the first few friends he had made at the village, Valyr went ahead and asked the three of them as to how they were doing, deciding to catch up on what the other side was doing while they were gone. Unsurprisingly, the three told Valyr that they had finally ascended to Rank 1, with all of them being able to consume vials of Reinforcement Elixir since they had saved up quite a decent amount of contribution points. Among the three of them, both Leon and Jonas were already halfway to completing the dosage needed to get the passive skill, while Louie was lagging behind them by one vial each. Aside from that, they had informed him that they were pretty close to reaching the rank of Guard Captain within the regiment, which Valyr was happy about as he congratulated all three of them on their advancement in advance. Naturally, once the three were done talking about what had been going on with their lives during the time Valyr was gone at the village, the latter went ahead and talked about what he was doing while he was away from the village. Surprisingly, the three of them were left at a slight loss for words when they heard him say that he had honing his skills as a blacksmith, telling Valyr that they thought he had taken up a combat class. In response, Valyr clarified to them that even before he ascended to Rank 1, his mind was already set to obtain the blacksmith class, deciding to share a bit of information on how much he had earned from short stint as an owner of a smithy. Of course, the three were left speechless once they heard how much he made, with Leon even joking not long after if he should switch to a production class in the future. After that, he talked about obtaining a subclass, as well as his recent advancement to Rank 2, ending off his recap with the reason why he had returned to the village, which was to help out in the defense against the monster tide. Unsurprisingly, the three of them were grateful that Valyr had appeared to help in the upcoming monster tide, even though he was not really a part of Astarto Village from the beginning. In response, Valyr told them that he was just reciprocating the kindness the village had given him while he was starting out. After talking for a bit more as they ate their respective lunches, the four of them eventually separated ways, with the three telling Valyr that they were eager to see his performance in the battlefield during the upcoming monster tide, especially now that he was a Rank 2 class holder. Chuckling in response, Valyr waved farewell at the three for the meantime, swiftly heading outside the barracks to head to Tristan's smithy. After all, now that he had allocated all of the unused XP he could… It was now time for him to upgrade his armor set and weapon once more. Chapter 336: You Made This? "Look who finally decided to show up." By the time Valyr had arrived at the entrance to the village smithy, Tristan stopped what he was doing and turned around to look at the young man with a slightly mischievous grin. "You know… I've always wanted to say that." "As if it wasn't that obvious." In response to Tristan's words, Valyr let out a bit of laughter before moving closer to the man, embracing the man not long after as he faintly let out a sigh of relief. Surprisingly, Tristan reciprocated the embrace back, hugging Valyr a bit tighter than one normally would, which was something that did not go unnoticed under the latter's senses. "It's really nice to see you again." After some time, the two of them let go of each other, with Tristan initiating the conversation as he made his way back to the only anvil in the smithy that was placed a fair distance away from the furnace. "Sure, it's only been a little bit over a month since you left the village, but it's around time does the feeling of longing for someone become strong." "Well, the feeling is mutual," said Valyr in response, taking in a deep breath before letting out a relaxed sigh. "Though I may have been able to do a lot more things and progress even further in my craft after leaving the village, there's still a large part of me that misses the ambience of the village from time to time." "I get what you mean." Tristan nodded in agreement, a slight smile adorning his face as he grabbed the metal he was working on with a pair of tongs before placing it in the furnace. "Whenever I'm forging something here, the peacefulness the entire village exudes clears up and refreshes my mind quite a bit, making me feel like the thing I'm forging would come out significantly better than it normally would." "Anyways, enough talking about missing the village and all that." Tristan waved his hands after he was done reminiscing the various times he had been forging in the past, as if signaling to Valyr that they were changing to another topic. "What brings you to the smithy today, aside from wanting to talk with the great me?" "Still as narcissistic as ever, I see," replied Valyr as he listened to Tristan's words. With that, Tristan responded back with, "It's not narcissism. It's called great self-confidence." "Whatever floats your boat." Feeling as if there would be no point in arguing over what Tristan's personality truly was, Valyr briefly shrugged his shoulders before proceeding to answer the question the former had asked him. "In any case, to answer your question, I'm here to enhance my armor set and weapon by a few levels." "Oh? You crafted a new armor set?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity in response to Valyr's answer, Tristan went ahead and took out the piece of metal he was heating from the furnace before placing it on top of the anvil, proceeding to hammer it into the shape he wanted. "Now that I think about it, you did leave that Supreme Astarto Defense Armor set here before you left." "Is it still here?" Hearing Tristan mention the old armor set he used, memories of using the set in the dungeon he cleared gradually surfaced in Valyr's mind, causing a faint smile to creep up onto his lips. As the original version of the set was only considered Common grade, Valyr went all out in upgrading it to the best of his abilities to increase his survivability in the dungeon, utilizing Tier 1 Upgrade Alloy to elevate their rarities to Common+ grade. Now that he had more experience utilizing the numerous memories of forging from his past life, as well as the fact that he now had access to far better materials, Valyr had no doubt that he would be able to forge a better version of the first armor set he had forged, innovating upon the original blueprint multiple times. 'Speaking of which, it would definitely be handy to get my hands on the higher tiers of Upgrade Alloy in the future,' thought Valyr to himself as he recalled how many people flocked to the Crimson Forge back then due to the fact that he was selling a significant amount of items at Common+ grade. With that in mind, he was certain that if he got his hands on Tier 2 and Tier 3 Upgrade Alloy, which would upgrade any of the Common grade items he forged to Uncommon and Uncommon+ grade respectively, the amount of money he would earn at that point would allow him to live a carefree life. "It is, but at the same time isn't." As he made a mental note to grab the blueprints for the two next tiers of Upgrade Alloy once he had returned to Algerie City, Valyr heard Tristan's response to his question, causing him to slightly tilt his head as the latter clarified soon after. "In other words, it's been here at the smithy all this time, with me even enhancing it by a couple of levels," said Tristan amidst the hammering he was doing. "However, since Myst had gone outside, I gave her the armor set to wear for now, considering that she doesn't have a proper set of armor yet." "I see." Once he was done listening to Tristan's explanation, Valyr nodded in understanding as he began to retrieve the pieces making up his Nascent Wyvern Armor set from his spatial bracelet, much to the former's interest. "Where is she at the moment?" "She's at a nearby city… grinding XP through an Experience Pit to prepare for the upcoming monster tide…" Unsurprisingly, Tristan was left staring at what Valyr was doing, becoming incredibly silent once he was done responding as he watched Valyr retrieve the Nascent Wyvern Armor set from the spatial bracelet Braum had given him before he left. After that, he focused his gaze onto the armor set Valyr had brought out, instantly feeling the slightly oppressive aura emanating from it. "Is this the new armor set you're currently using?" Moving closer to the pieces making up the set, Tristan used [Analysis] on one of the pieces, his eyes widening in disbelief as he read through the description of the item. Once he was done, he closed the screen before him as he was left at a loss for words. Looking for the right words to say as he could not comprehend what he had just seen, Tristan eventually found what he wanted to ask Valyr, shifting his gaze towards the young man as he posed the question. "Where… where did you buy this?" "Buy it?" Valyr raised his eyebrow in response before shaking his head. "I made it." "Huh?" Rather than find the response normal, considering that Valyr was a blacksmith himself, Tristan instead felt even more disbelief from the young man's words after hearing him say he made it. "You made this? Really?" Unknowingly, at that point, a slight frown adorned Valyr's face as he looked back at Tristan. With a slightly annoyed tone, he asked back, "Are you trying to tell me something?" "Perhaps… something you might want me to know?" Chapter 337: Forging Out Of Spite "I didn't mean it like that!" Of course, hearing the slight annoyance laced within the words Valyr had spoken back to him, Tristan quickly understood how Valyr interpreted his earlier words, waving his hands back and forth as he clarified himself. "I totally believe you that you made the armor set yourself!" "However…" Tristan scratched the back of his head not long after. "Even though I believe you made the armor set yourself, there's just something about it that feels off." "Don't get me wrong, Valyr," said the man as he looked at Valyr eye to eye. "You're definitely a skilled blacksmith. With the fact that you have a Mythic blacksmith class, that skill is elevated even further." "But don't you think it's kind of odd for a blacksmith to forge an Epic piece of equipment even though it's only been like… what? A bit over two months since they picked up blacksmithing?" As these words came out of Tristan's mouth, the man watched as the frown on Valyr's face gradually became deeper. "With that, it would be even more unbelievable for someone with that much experience to forge an armor set, an Epic grade armor set at that." "Is that so?" Though Valyr knew that Tristan's words made sense from a realistic perspective, with his circumstances, he felt that he was basically the result of the phrase 'anything but'. He definitely agreed with Tristan that someone with only that much experience in blacksmithing wouldn't be able to forge a piece of Epic grade equipment, much less a piece of Common+ grade equipment. But that was only when that someone did not have the same level of experience Valyr had amassed in blacksmithing in his past life. With that, it went without saying that Valyr was quite annoyed while listening to Tristan's explanation, needing to take a couple of deep breaths to calm himself down as he responded back with a brief question. Nevertheless, at that point, he felt like he had to show Tristan what he was truly capable of when it came to forging, feeling as if his reputation as a blacksmith so far was being tarnished. Suppressing the urge to let his rage get the better of himself, Valyr moved closer to Tristan, glancing at the Nascent Wyvern Armor set he had brought for a bit as he thought that he would have to postpone upgrading them for later. Asking Tristan if he could borrow his forging tools for the meantime, the latter asked back in response what had gotten into him all of a sudden. Hearing Tristan's question, Valyr merely responded, "Oh, you know. I just got the urge to forge something all of a sudden in front of you. After all, it's been a bit over a month since we last met." 'It's totally not because I'm doing this out of spite to prove to Tristan how far my skills in terms of blacksmithing have improved ever since we last met.' Chanting this thought over and over in his mind as he conversed with Tristan, Valyr felt a bit of the annoyance and anger bubbling within him melt away as the owner of the smithy eventually agreed to his request, telling the young man that he was curious to see how much he had improved. But of course, there was no doubt within Tristan that Valyr had decided to forge for him out of spite. It was evident in the latter's aura anyway. "Do you have any rare material I could perhaps use?" Allowing his emotions to settle down, Valyr went ahead and began the preparations for an impromptu forging session, with Tristan leading him to the smithy's storage room located at the back. Once there, the two of them were greeted by the sight of an organized collection of materials, with Valyr briefly feeling the annoyance within him disappear for a moment because of it. Unsurprisingly, this annoyance soon came back as he recalled the reason why he decided to forge in the first place, perusing through the materials in the storage room before choosing the materials he would be using. 'Sand Serpent Fangs, Melafir Essence, Azure Iron, and Blazefield Stone.' Looking at the items Valyr had chosen from the storage room as the two of them returned to the workshop portion of the smithy, the cogs in Tristan's mind started to turn as he thought about the various pieces of equipment the young man could forge. 'Hmm… I think he wouldn't find any difficulty turning these materials into a dagger.' 'Then again, his line of thinking might be different than mine.' Deciding that he would find out his answer once he watched Valyr start to forge, Tristan stood by the sidelines as he allowed the young man to use his forging tools, which he did not mind since there was not really much for him to do thanks to the upcoming monster tide. With that, Tristan watched as Valyr place the Melafir Essence and Azure Iron into the furnace, adding a bit more fuel to the flames as the latter allowed the flames to reach a higher temperature. At some point, the two items started to melt under the heat of the furnace, with the two eventually coming in contact with one another. Whoosh! At the very instant the two came in contact with one another, it was as if Tristan was watching two creatures fight against each other to the death, watching as the Melafir Essence and Azure Iron engulf one another as they gradually shrunk in size. Eventually, the melding process was finished, prompting Valyr to take out the fused metal from the furnace and place it on the anvil, deftly hammering out the metal flat before contorting it into a shape that Tristan could not recognize at first. However, after a few more trips to the furnace and a bit more hammering, the general shape of the equipment Valyr was forging gradually came to light, allowing Tristan to realize as his eyes briefly widened in surprise. 'Is he forging a metal glove?' 'He's definitely forging a metal glove.' Just as the question had popped up in his mind, the answer to his question also came about not long after, watching Valyr bend parts of the metal that would act as the grooves for the finger as he added joints to them, giving them the ability to move once worn by someone. After that, he placed the rough metal glove in the furnace for a bit before taking it out sometime later, using a chisel to bore a few small holes on the surface of the glove, something Tristan quickly realized as the places where the Sand Serpent Fangs and the Blazefield Stone Valyr grabbed earlier would be put on. Unsurprisingly, Tristan's train of thought was correct, with Valyr inlaying the Sand Serpent Fangs where the base knuckles of the fingers where, while the Blazefield Stone could be found at the center of the glove, acting as a centerpiece to the entire item. Once he had made sure that they were placed correctly, he then put the entire thing into the furnace for a couple of minutes, much to Tristan's confusion, before taking it out once more, hammering out the small imperfections that Tristan felt was a useless endeavor. "Here you go." With the anger and annoyance he had been feeling earlier gone now that he was done forging the item, Valyr gave the complete item for Tristan to check, prompting the latter to faintly nod in response before proceeding to activate [Analysis] on the metal glove. After that… what he found out next left him at a loss for words. Chapter 338: A Token Of Appreciation Silence. Silence filled the entirety of Tristan's body as he read through the description of the item Valyr had given him, being a metal glove that had the Sand Serpent Fangs as protrusions on its knuckles. Under the rays of the sun, the metal glove had a faint orange-red sheen to it, mostly due to the Blazefield Stone embedded in the center. Nevertheless, even though the metal glove was aesthetically pleasing to look at, Tristan's attention still remained fixated on the screen filled with text before him, his expression wide-eyed as it took a while for his expression to return to normal. "Rare+…" Tristan muttered in shock as he closed the small screen in front of his field of vision, shifting his gaze onto the young man that had just forged the metal glove he was holding. "You… you really made this…" "I may have only been away from the village for over a month, but I've honed my forging skills a lot since then." Valyr looked at his good friend, inwardly feeling great delight over the shock that was incredibly visible on the man's face. "I've definitely picked up a lot of skills along the way." "I can definitely see that…" Taking
