of that if you were to die because of them." "I mean… you do have a point…" Though Valyr was slightly annoyed at first that a random stranger decided to block him from continuing onto the battlefield, as he continued to listen to the man's words, the more Valyr thought about what he was doing. From the stranger's perspective, it was borderline suicidal for him to still have the courage to head out into the battlefield, even though the orc were slaying every human they saw on sight. With that, he eventually asked himself. 'Is it really necessary for me to upgrade the title as soon as possible?' "Alright." With the question in mind, it did not take long for Valyr to make up his mind as he turned around and thanked the man for his suggestion, making his way back to the center of the outpost not long after in the hopes of hearing good news from Zeik. Chapter 449: Save For Another Day MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "I wonder if Zeik is doing fine…" Deciding to stay within the outpost for the meantime after being dissuaded by a man with good intentions to not head into the battlefield, Valyr made the most of his time within the outpost by listening to reports regarding the orc infiltration, whether it be the number of casualties the orcs have taken with them, or the kingdom's response from the outside and how it would pan out. Of course, while listening to these reports, the young man made sure to keep his eyes and ears open for any mention of a man that had similar characteristics to Zeik, or were pertaining to Zeik himself. Unfortunately, none of the reports he had listened to for the past couple of hours contained any mention of his escort fighting against the orcs, nor did it contain any mention of him appearing near the orcs in the first place. Nevertheless, Valyr still chose to believe in the man's words, waiting for Zeik to give him a sign as the reports continued to flood into the outpost. At some point while listening to the reports that came in, first-hand encounters with the orcs began to appear amongst the reports the people within the outpost had received, obtaining it from those that were lucky enough to escape the clutches of the orcs. Though a few people within the outpost looked at it from the perspective that these few had only been able to escape since the orcs wanted them to show the control they had over their lives, that thought swiftly disappeared once these people listened to the first-hand reports of those that had escaped. In the truest sense of the word, these people had luck on their side to be able to escape. One report from those that had escaped told the story of a woman that was part of the first few groups that had come into contact with the orcs. Coming into the Akashic Battlefield with a group of people that boasted great combat power out in the battlefield, the woman's reality was quickly shattered into pieces once the orcs made their move, killing almost all of her comrades within a couple of large-scale attacks. After that, seeing that there were still a few people that remained standing after the barrage of attacks, with all of them now frantically running for their lives, the orcs sent yet another wave of attacks at them without hesitation, the woman included. However, unlike the others, who had unfortunately fallen due to the seemingly unending barrage of attacks the orcs had sent out, the woman had been able to rely on a last resort skill she had saved for times of great crisis, allowing her to escape, albeit in a condition that was best described as being a few inches short from dying. Similar reports continued to trickle in as more time passed, with each report showcasing the ruthlessness and the domineering attitude the orcs had when it came to coming face to face with the humans. It was to the point that Valyr had a frown on his face after listening to all of it, reminding himself of the quest he had obtained from An'xhur. 'If every orc I'll come across in the future is as bloodthirsty as these orcs, then I guess I'm a few steps away from the starting point I initially thought I was at.' Letting out a low sigh as he walked around the streets of the outpost to briefly distract his mind from the chaos that was happening, Valyr suddenly stopped in his tracks just as a notification sound had resounded in his mind. Ding! [You have obtained a message from 'Zeik Verrthorne'.] Feeling his heart beat faster in anticipation as he took a look at the notification he had received, Valyr swiftly commanded the system to bring up the chat function, soon reading the message Zeik had sent him. "Hey, Valyr. Meet me at this location as soon as possible." Whoosh! Taking in a few deep breaths to not let the adrenaline get to him, Valyr eventually closed the screen he had brought up, mustering up all of the strength in his body as he soon dashed in the direction of the location Zeik had sent him. … "What…" At the very moment Valyr had arrived at the location, the young man thought that he would be meeting a Zeik that was more or less unharmed. Worst case scenario, the man would have a few grievous wounds that did not affect anything vital at all. Yet… "What happened to you?" Hearing the question Valyr asked him, Zeik could only give the former a faint smile, which was already a miracle for him to achieve in his current condition. Almost every inch of his body seemed to be covered in wounds of all varying depths, some of which seemed to have been charred for a purpose. Aside from that, the overall structure of his body looked to be misshapen, as if the man had forced himself into a tight space that made his body contort the way it was at the moment. Naturally, the man was also covered in a great amount of dried blood, the remnants of the clothes he was wearing earlier dyed crimson red because of it. "Could you give me a health potion?" Just as Valyr was expecting Zeik to respond to his question, seeing as the man was trying to open his mouth, what greeted him instead was the chat function, within it the new message Zeik had just sent to him. Swoosh! Of course, seeing how his escort looked to be on the verge of death at any given moment, Valyr did not even waste a second in retrieving one of the health potions he had bought earlier from his spatial bracelet, removing the stopper before helping Zeik take a few sips of the viscous red fluid. "Ngh… ahhh…" Letting out a faint cry of pain, Zeik felt the health potion do its thing within his body, fixing up his mangled internal organs first and foremost, which was something the young man did not notice. Fortunately, after his internal organs had been more or less fixed by the potion, the man gained a bit more strength, allowing him to take a few more sips of the health potion as his body's strong vitality did more work. "Urgh…" Contorting his body in various ways as he worked with his vitality to realign his body into its proper form, Zeik was gradually returning to normal condition, prompting Valyr to inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he went ahead and gave the man a few more of his health potions to aid in the healing process. Thanking the young man for helping him out at such short notice, Zeik went ahead and asked Valyr a question while he was still in the midst of healing. "Say, did you head deep into the battlefield after we went our separate ways?" "Pretty sure I didn't." Valyr shook his head. "I only stayed a bit at Site 2-S, made my way back to Point Caelion to do a few things, and then returned here and waited by the outpost to see if you would message me." "That's good. That's good." Letting out a sigh of relief, Zeik nodded in response as he gave the young man a soft smile. "…say, Valyr. Mind if I suggest something?" "What is it?" "How about… we end our journey into the Akashic Battlefield here and save it for another day?" Chapter 450: A Moment To Ponder MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "The thought of continuing never even crossed my mind." With his eyes briefly widening in response to Zeik's suggestion, Valyr adorned a wry smile as he responded. "Well, it did at first while I was waiting for you." "As long as you understand my intentions." In response to the young man's answer, Zeik let out a faint chuckle. "After all, it wouldn't be great if you were trying to increase your combat experience while death was lurking in every corner. Plus, even if you did want to continue, you'd be forced to leave the Akashic Battlefield either way, considering my somewhat precarious state." "I mean… you did consume almost half of the health potions I bought. Even with that, you're still considered to be in a precarious state?" Raising one of his eyebrows, Valyr looked at the man with a knowing smile. "Oh, definitely." Slightly grinning, Zeik took in a deep breath before standing up, proceeding to do a variety of basic movements in order to gauge how much he had recovered thanks to the health potions Valyr gave him. "All jokes aside, as someone who has fought against the orcs, it would be better for us to leave as soon as possible." "…" Looking at the man in silence, Valyr eventually nodded in response, prompting Zeik to take the lead as they made their way back to Point Devann, with the young man following behind him. After listening to a couple more reports that had just come in at the very moment they had arrived near the teleportation point, the two of them eventually disappeared from Point Devann, appearing outside the Akashic Battlefield a few moments later. … "Even though you're already a Rank 5 class holder, you were still at a disadvantage against the orcs?" Once both Valyr and Zeik had left the Akashic Battlefield, a few people in guard uniforms quickly surrounded them as they asked the two a series of questions regarding the orc infiltration, as well as a series of questions to ascertain their identity. Knowing the intentions of the guards in their questioning, the two were highly cooperative, allowing them to make their way back to Algerie Kingdom a few minutes later. "It's not surprising for some at the lower class ranks to be able to surmount the gap to fight against those at a higher class rank, considering that someone like you exists. In any case, even though the orc I fought was one rank lower than me, I was still at a disadvantage in many aspects." Naturally, as one of the many protectors of Algerie Kingdom, Zeik gave the guards more information regarding the orcs before they left, with the man narrating his experience against the orcs to Valyr not long after as they made their way back. "Was the orc really that strong?" Still somewhat doubtful as to whether or not he had made the right choice in not continuing to head to the battlefield, Valyr threw Zeik a question. "Definitely." Zeik nodded without hesitation. "Not only were his stats on par against someone like me, the Intent he had control over had a nature that was the exact opposite of the Intent I have control over." "If not for that, I would have been able to escape only slightly injured." At these words, Valyr remained silent, trying to calculate in his mind the strength of the orc Zeik had fought against. After that, he pitted himself against this orc in his imagination, wondering what his chances of winning against such a foe roughly were. "Haah…" Letting out a low sigh as he came to the conclusion that he would still undoubtedly lose even with his Mythic class giving him greater stats, Valyr decided not to think about more what-ifs for the meantime, instead asking Zeik more about the orcs and the orc infiltration along the way. … "Well, I guess this is where we'll be truly heading our separate ways." Standing near the entrance of the Blacksmith Guild, Zeik looked at Valyr with a slightly awkward smile. "Of course, that's just for the meantime. After all, as a commander of the Combat Specialist Division, I need to report the happenings within the Akashic Battlefield and aid the kingdom in its retaliation against the orcs." "Naturally, I'll try to find time for when we head out to the Akashic Battlefield again and finish that journey of yours." "Take as much time as you need," said Valyr in response as he nodded. "I still gained quite a bit from the Akashic Battlefield, even though I only did a bit of fighting there." "Anyways, please do keep me up to date on the situation regarding the orc infiltration if possible." "I'll definitely try to do so." Leaving Valyr with these parting words, the two finally went on their separate ways, with Zeik heading deeper into the Blacksmith Guild, while the young man made his way back to the inn where he and Wells stayed. "What should I do next…?" As he made his way back to the inn at what was an unusual time for him to head back, Valyr began to think about all of the things that he still needed to do aside from heading to the Akashic Battlefield. Though, after going through these tasks of his, his mind briefly went blank, only for him to wonder why he was doing the tasks in the first place. 'As far as I know, I'm doing these tasks in order to become stronger,' thought Valyr to himself, inwardly nodding as the answer made sense. However, as he pondered over it a bit further, looking at the tasks he had set himself to accomplish from a different perspective, he quickly noticed that there was something odd about how the tasks were arranged. With that, another question arose from deep within his mind. 'Am I doing everything too quickly?' "Haah…" With multiple thoughts swirling in his mind just as he asked this question, Valyr eventually arrived at the inn, with Wells greeting him on how his day was just as he had entered. Though, rather than respond to it like he would usually do and catch up on what the other side was doing, the young man looked at Wells for a bit before giving him an apologetic smile. "Sorry. Could you just give me a bit of time to think over some things?" 