course, it did not take long for him to realize he messed up, prompting him to apply a bit of pressure as he controlled the amount of blood the helmet got. "At least, I don't have to do that… for the meantime." Bitterly smiling as he thought about the remaining steps the armor would have to go through in the future, Valyr went ahead and grabbed the helmet he had just upgraded and put it on. While doing so, he was reminded of the mishap once more, thinking that [Enhanced Vitality] and Vigor was a great reason as to why he hadn't fainted yet. Whoosh! As his mind continued to bring up thoughts regarding the upgrade process, a great surge of strength flowed throughout his body at the very moment he had put on the helmet, only to be followed up by a far greater surge of strength soon after. 'Must be the armor set's effect kicking in.' With this thought in mind, the young man took in a few deep breaths as he began to do a few basic movements, nodding after finding out that the upgrade hadn't hampered his movements whatsoever. Moving outside the workshop, he then brandished the spear behind his back and did a few basic combat movements. Unsurprisingly, he nodded in satisfaction once more, feeling that the force behind his spear was far greater than ever before. "System, show me my status." Now that he had finished upgrading his armor to the next rarity, the young man went ahead and did what he initially planned to do, affixing his spear behind his back for the meantime. Ding! Hearing the notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr focused all of his attention on the screen that appeared before him, greatly curious as to how much of an increase his strength had undergone. "What the…" Unexpectedly for him, his strength had grown far greater than he had expected. [Valyr Zeihardt] Class: True Prodigious Blacksmith (Rank 2 — Mythic) Subclass: Shadow Serpentine Manalancer (Rare) Species: Human (2nd Unsealing) Level: 40 Power Level: 17,590 (A+) Unused XP: 227,949,326 HP: 19,158/19,158 MP: 20,485/20,485 Shadow Energy: 89/89 Mystic Energy: 1/1 Attack: 5,493 - 5,889 Defense: 5,157 - 8,595 Stats: 723 VIT, 543 STR, 604 AGI, 996 DEX, 824 INT, 288 WIS, 408 PER, 186 LUK Hidden Stats: 5 Mana Purity, 5 Vigor Remarks: Hello???? Is this still balanced???? "Have I… have I really grown that much?" By the time the young man had more or less come to terms with the information he was seeing, Valyr began to doubt whether it was real or not. After all, compared to the last time he looked at his status screen, the difference was incredibly stark. Fortunately, after thinking about it for a bit more, the young man gradually calmed down, eventually coming to the conclusion that such an increase made a lot of sense. After all, not only had he increased his level to the peak of Rank 2, he had also upgraded his subclass and his armor set to the next rarity. But most importantly, he had consumed the items Mystia gave him, which brought a massive boost to his stats. "These stats are already comparable to those at the peak of Rank 4 with Rare or Epic grade classes," said the young man, continuing to look at the screen for a bit longer. "In fact, I could even probably give weaker Rank 5 beings a run for their money with my current strength." "Of course, I'd still lose if they make use of their Intents," added the young man soon after, chuckling as he decided to head back into the workshop for the meantime. "In any case, this strength has got to be more than enough to assure my safety inside the inheritance, no?" While he was pondering whether or not there were other things he still had to do before the inheritance began, the young man's train of thought was unexpectedly interrupted by Julian, who could only look at him with a surprised expression. Chapter 566: A Bit of Negotiation "Did I perhaps enter the wrong workshop?" Seeing a man donning a full set of crimson-black armor within the workshop he entered, Julian could not help but look at the number above the workshop's entrance to make sure. Thankfully, his confusion was quickly dispelled after the man let out a bit of laughter, placing the helmet he was wearing to the side. "Oh. It was just you, Valyr." Letting out a faint sigh of relief as he did not get the wrong workshop, it was only then did Julian take full notice of the fact that the young man's aura had significantly strengthened. Of course, with the reason for the change being more than obvious, the man went ahead and asked what any person in his place would ask. "Did you forge a new armor set? Or did you upgrade your old one?" "Upgraded the old one," Valyr replied, asking Julian soon after what brought the man to his workshop. After hearing that the latter had come in to talk about the negotiation with the Nicholas clan, as well as his identification badge, he gave the man his seat from earlier, grabbing a box for him to sit on not long after. "Wasn't your armor set Epic rarity already?" Thanking the young man for giving him somewhere to sit, Julian brought the topic of their conversation back to Valyr's armor, his eyes widening from the young man's response. "With how much difference there is from your aura before… did you upgrade it to Legendary rarity?" "If I had the materials and the funds to do so, I would have already done that," replied Valyr with a wry smile. "Unfortunately, I was only to apply a plus modifier to the rarity… which, I guess you could say is essentially halfway to Legendary rarity armor." "Mind if I take a look at it?" Though Julian had already come across multiple pieces of equipment that were of a far higher rarity than Epic+, the man was still left at a loss for words since such a level of equipment came from a young man that did not even seem to be above 20 years of age. "Feel free." Not minding the request, the young man went ahead and gave the helmet he took off earlier to Julian, asking the latter not long after for his identification badge. Ding! [Your previous rank [Rank 2 — Legacy Core Member] has been improved to [Rank 2 — Honorary Lesser Elder]. Increase your rank or merit to improve your position.] . [You have received 2,000 Technology Points.] 'With this, I now have 10,000 Technology Points waiting to be used.' Receiving the upgraded identification badge from Julian, Valyr was not surprised to see the notifications that came along with it, inwardly smirking at his increase in authority. In fact, as he took a look at the notifications he had received, a sudden thought came to his mind. Though, for the meantime, he decided to move it to the side as Julian was still around. "This…" After taking a look at Valyr's helmet through his identification skill, the amount of admiration Julian felt towards the young man had increased by a great amount. After all, not only were the stats of the equipment far better than any Epic+ grade equipment he had seen so far, the craftsmanship, as well as the innate skills that came along with it were something even he had only seen for the first time. "Is it possible for you to share the blueprints of this armor with the Blacksmith Guild?" Though the man thought about how such an armor would definitely fetch a high price if it was auctioned, Julian also thought about how the armor could affect the strength of the human race in the ongoing skirmish with the orcs. Through his calculations, Julian surmised that if the guild were to get their hands on an armor set that had 50% of the strength of Valyr's armor and equip everyone on the front lines with it, the skirmish would undoubtedly be on the human race's favor from that point onward. "What would I get in exchange?" In response to Julian's question, Valyr's expression became somewhat solemn. Though he was not averse to sharing information on the armor set he had been forging, he was not some kind of good samaritan who would share everything out of goodwill. The only times he would do something like that was either when he owed someone else a favor, like those from Astarto Village, or when he knew that the person that he invested in would grow to be more than worth the items he had put in the first place, such as Wells and Edward. 'To be honest, why hadn't I thought about it in the first place?' As Julian pondered over the question Valyr asked back at him, the thought popped up in the latter's mind. "Hmm… what would be your minimum conditions?" Pondering over it for a bit more, Julian eventually thought that it would be better for him to hear what Valyr wanted from them. After that, it was only would he prompt the two of them to talk about it until the two of them reached compromise. However, just as he had heard the young man's requests, such thoughts swiftly disappeared from his mind. "Would it be possible to gain access to all of the Blacksmith Guild's blueprints?" said Valyr to Julian. "Also, it would be nice if I get access to a lot of Technology Points every month." "…that's all?" After a bit of silence, that was the only thing Julian could say in response. "I guess access to the Blacksmith Guild's hidden knowledge as well?" Slightly confused as to what Julian meant by that, Valyr decided to respond based on how he interpreted the question. "…Is it also fine for me to request materials from the Blacksmith Guild whenever I want?" "…" At that point, Julian stood up from his seat and left the workshop, leaving the latter to stare at the man's fleeting silhouette in confusion. "I didn't even get to hear what happened to the negotiation with the Nicholas clan…" Briefly scratching the back of his head, Valyr let out a faint sigh as he tidied up the place, wondering for a bit whether Julian would come back later. Taking a look outside the window to see how many hours remained before the sun would set, the young man eventually decided to not think about it for the meantime. Instead, he focused his attention on the idea that popped up in his mind earlier when he received his upgraded identification badge. It was time for experimentation. It was time… For him to make a gun. Chapter 567: Time for Experimentation Ding! Commanding the system to bring up his Technology Tree, Valyr swiftly focused onto the tree's Innovation branch after a screen was brought out. Taking a look at the advancements he had unlocked so far, a bitter smile gradually crept up onto his lips. Though the number of advancements he had unlocked so far was at least double the number of advancements an average blacksmith would have unlocked in his rank, the young man still felt like he had neglected it. After all, he currently had close to 10,000 Technology Points under his name, all of which were waiting to be used. 'I'll have to focus most of my attention on advancements starting from the Ancient Age onwards.' Thinking about how he was going to approach experimenting the creation of guns, Valyr took a look at the advancements he had unlocked once more. After a while, he nodded in faint satisfaction, seeing that he had maxed out every advancement that could be unlocked up to the Copper Age. However, when it came to the advancements from the Iron Age, about half of them were still locked under prerequisite advancements that hadn't been obtained. In fact, by the time he shifted his gaze towards the advancements he had unlocked within the Ancient Age, a wry smile appeared on his face, staring at the few advancements lit up within that technological era that hadn't even reached their max level. 'At the very least, the Necklace of Enlightenment mostly unlocked advancements that would bring me closer to making guns.' Consoling himself as he told himself that he was going to right these wrongs soon enough, Valyr eventually thought about the necklace from Riekan, thinking about how he would have only unlocked one advancement within the Ancient Age if not for it. Taking in a deep breath as Valyr prompted the gears in his mind to start turning, the young man had begun to start allocating Technology Points in a way that brought him closer to the creation of guns. Unfortunately for him, before he could even unlock a single advancement, Julian had returned to the workshop, looking at him with a calm expression. "Are you sure that's all you want in exchange for the blueprint?" Letting out a low sigh, the man looked at Valyr, not minding the fact that he had nowhere to sit down. "After all, that blueprint would basically help out the entire human race. In fact, I wouldn't have been surprised if you wanted an obscene amount of money as a condition." "That really is all I want for the blueprint." Inwardly sighing from the interruption, Valyr closed the screen and put his thoughts of experimentation to the side for the meantime, focusing his attention on the man that appeared before him. "After all, if I were to obtain an obscene amount of money all of a sudden and people with malicious intent find out, I would surely be hounded to no end." "Of course, the Blacksmith Guild will help safeguard that money for you." Listening to the young man's words, Julian slightly frowned. "Heck, I could probably even enlist the help of the Imperial Production Guild in making sure no one dares to land a finger on you because of that." "I appreciate the fact that you're looking out for me, but I really have no need for the money just yet." Though Valyr widened his eyes in surprise, the young man still stuck to his initial conditions. "If anything, obtaining greater knowledge would be of greater help to me in the long run, don't you think?" 'Plus, if I wanted to get my hands on an obscene amount of money in one go, I could just forge the armor set I'm currently wearing,' thought Valyr to himself not long after, thanking the man before him for giving him the idea. "Haah…" Scratching the back of his head for quite some time, Julian eventually gave up on persuading the young man to obtain more benefits from the deal, instead deciding to increase the benefits the young man would get from it on his own. "Alright. I'll relay your request to the other directors of the Blacksmith Guild." With his mind set, the man thought that it was time for him to leave the young man on his own once more. "Though part of your requests would be slightly difficult to obtain approval of, I'll find a way for it to happen." "Now that I think about it, the fact that you haven't requested any amount of money from this would probably make the process a lot easier." Julian slightly chuckled, wondering to himself whether the young man had the thought in mind while making his requests. "For now, be on standby. I'll let you know when you'll need to give the blueprint to me, though it'll most likely be on the day before the inheritance with how hard-headed some of them are." "Got it." Seeing that he was going to be left to his own devices once again, Valyr inwardly became excited as he thought that he could now put his experimentation into full swing. Though, before he let the entirety of his mind be occupied with the thoughts of creating a gun, the young man recalled something Julian had yet to tell him. "Wait a minute!" screamed Valyr, prompting Julian to stop in his tracks as he turned around. "What happened to the negotiation with the Nicholas clan?" "Oh, right." Realizing that the other reason he had come to meet Valyr had slipped past him, Julian looked back at Valyr with an apologetic smile before responding. "The deal has been completed. From this point onward, the kid and the kid's parents are no longer slaves of the Nicholas clan." "I requested some of those from my clan to help the kid's parents acclimate to their newfound status, even going so far as to give them someplace to live in for the meantime to start their new lives," added Julian, prompting Valyr to nod as he continued listening. "I suppose you're going to take care of the kid?" "Already am." Valyr grinned, to which Julian let out a chuckle in response. After talking a bit more about what both sides would do with Edward and his parents, it was only then did Julian leave Valyr on his own for good, finally allowing the latter to continue where he had left off. "System, open up the Technology Tree." Rubbing his hands in expectation, the young man looked at the screen that appeared before him with an enthusiastic smile. With the conversation between him and Julian giving him some time to think about the advancements he would be unlocking to start experimenting with guns, it did not take long for him to start going on a Technology Point spending spree. Ding! [You have unlocked the advancement <Basic Knowledge: Copper Age Material Refinement Lv. 1>.] [You have unlocked the advancement <Basic Understanding: Copper Age Material Refinement Lv. 1>.] … … [You have upgraded the advancement <Basic Knowledge: Ancient Age Mathematics> to Level 5 (MAX).] [You have upgraded the advancement <Basic Understanding: Ancient Age Philosophy> to Level 5 (MAX).] [You have unlocked the advancement <Basic Understanding: The Art of War Lv. 1>.] … … [You have unlocked the advancement <Basic Knowledge: Ancient Age Gunpowder Production Lv. 1>.] [You have unlocked the advancement <Basic Knowledge: Ancient Age Ranged Weapons Lv. 1>.] [You have upgraded the advancement <Basic Knowledge: Early Middle Age Firearms> to Level 5 (MAX).] Not minding how much Technology Points he would have left after the spending spree, Valyr focused all of his attention on reaching the most important advancement he would need to start experimenting with gun creation, which was the advancement that told him how to make gunpowder. From what he could remember from his past life, gunpowder was initially supposed to be an experiment done by a person aiming to create an elixir that would allow them to live longer. However, what the person ended up making instead was something that connoted death more than life, bringing about the birth of weapons of mass destruction. 'Then again, ultimate skills are far more destructive than guns in comparison,' briefly thought the young man with a mocking chuckle, feeling somewhat giddy as ideas of how he would use guns in a predominantly magic-based world to his favor gradually surfaced in his mind. By the end of his spending spree, only a couple hundred Technology Points remained, with all of the advancements that he had yet to unlock now all needing a few hundred of them just to become available. Nevertheless, with his spending spree, he was able to unlock most of the advancements within the Iron Age, upgrading the advancements that he deemed necessary to be maxed for the experiment. On the other hand, with a lot of things happening during the Ancient Age in Earth's history, Valyr was only able to unlock around a third of the advancements that could be unlocked within the technological era. Aside from some advancements that he felt would help him out in the future, most of the advancements he had unlocked within this era all had to do with warfare and weapons. Though, last but not the least, he had also unlocked a few more advancements stemming from the Early Middle Ages, granting him the knowledge needed to create guns in the first place. "Time to begin our experiment." Shivering with delight, the young man closed the screen before him as he rubbed his hands in excitement. Though, not long after, this excitement swiftly disappeared as he was reminded of the other thing he would need to begin experimenting. "Right…" At this realization, Valyr bitterly smiled as he requested an attendant to come to his workshop. "Forgot about resources." Chapter 568: Fuel for Destruction "Thank you." After waiting around the workshop for a while, the attendant Valyr had requested earlier finally arrived with the materials he asked for, prompting the latter to give the former his sincerest thanks. Watching the attendant disappear from his field of vision, the young man eventually returned to the workshop, laying out all of the items he had requested on a nearby table. "So, firearms…" Allowing the gears in his mind to turn, Valyr brought up all of the knowledge he had just gained from the Technology Tree about firearms, as well as the knowledge he had obtained from his past life. Essentially speaking, a firearm was just another name for a gun. However, if one were to be very specific with its definition, then a firearm referred to any portable weapon capable of shooting out a projectile thanks to a burning catalyst. Because of that definition, bows and crossbows were only classified as ranged weapons, even though their destructiveness could match firearms under the right hands. Feeling like his train of thought was going on a tangent, the young man took some time to compose himself as he took in a few deep breaths. After that, he focused all of his thoughts on creating a gun, shifting his attention towards the items he had laid out earlier. "I'll definitely be skipping a lot of steps here and there," murmured the young man to himself as his mind began to formulate all sorts of plans on
