current wave were Level 20, monsters that were close to reaching the peak of Rank 1. Of course, reality proved them otherwise, with the dark tide instead welcoming the monsters crashing against it head-on as it engulfed them without hesitation, killing them in one hit as it quickly began to spread throughout the battlefield within seconds. At that moment, as if a switch was flipped in their brains, the monsters, who had made a foolhardy decision by deciding to charge at the wave of dark energy head-on instead of running away from it, began to feel immense fear once more as they watched their comrades disappearing into nothingness under the clutches of the dark tide. Without any other thoughts lingering in their minds, they began to turn around and dash as fast as they could en masse, wanting to get away from the wave of dark energy as much as possible. Unexpectedly, as if the wave of dark energy had a mind of its own, the speed at which it expanded underwent a marginal increase, allowing it to catch up to the monsters that had decided to run away. With that, the dark wave had gone on a frenzy once more, killing every monster it came in contact with, eventually killing all of the monsters making up the third wave once more as no traces of their existence had been left behind. "Haah…" Seeing as the dark wave started to dissipate on its own accord after doing its job, Tristan let out a long sigh as he shifted his gaze towards the young man that was making their way to where he and Myst stood. With a slight grin, he then said to him, "Now that I've seen it up close, I've made up my mind." Hearing his words, Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity, wondering what Tristan meant by that. Though, not long after hearing the man's continuation, the former let out a brief cackle, while Myst beside Tristan listened to the side with a wry smile. "I definitely don't want to fight against you, especially now that I know you have a move like that always at the ready." As these words came out of Tristan's mouth, the expression on his face was as serious as it could be, causing the cackle Valyr let out to grow louder as Myst continued to wryly smile at the conversation of the two. "As if I don't know you still haven't unleashed that powerful skill your gloves have." After he was done laughing at Tristan's words, Valyr responded back as he looked at the metal gloves Tristan wore. "If anything, I'm the one who'd rather not fight against you." "Though I'd hate to interrupt the conversation you two are having…" Seeing as they were still in the midst of defending against the monster tide, Myst decided to cut their conversation short as she brought up the topic of the upcoming wave. "We still have two more waves to fend off… I think." "Do we have two more waves left?" At Myst's words, Tristan posed a question to Valyr, considering that he was the only one among the three of them who had an idea on how the waves would progress. "Yeah." Nodding in response, the expression on Valyr's face gradually turned solemn. "There's the wave of Level 25 monsters I mentioned earlier, plus the final wave against the Tidemother." "Did you and Damian get any information on how strong the Tidemother is?" Tristan asked in response, prompting Valyr to nod back, only for a bitter smile to adorn his face not long after. "Remember how strong the Lesser Tidemother we fought during the previous monster tide was?" Asking this question to the two, Valyr was not surprised to see the two of them nod, considering that both of them were part of the main attack force back then. "Level 25, no? The peak of Rank 1," asked Tristan. "The Tidemother we're going to fight this time around is also at the peak," said Valyr as he nodded in agreement with Tristan. "However, instead of the peak of Rank 1…" "It's at the peak of Rank 2." "Level 40, huh?" Pondering over Valyr's words in silence, Tristan eventually let out a low sigh as he thought about their chances of winning against a monster like that. However, the slight despair he felt quickly disappeared once he looked at Valyr, recalling the monstrous power the young man had shown during the first and third wave. At this realization, Tristan let out a chuckle in disbelief before letting out a sigh once more. "For some reason, I feel like I'm not even needed for the final wave." "What makes you say that?" Though Valyr had an idea why Tristan said that, he definitely wasn't planning on doing something like that. "Just because I have the power to kill the Tidemother on my own doesn't mean I don't want you guys to help me out." "What are we going to do for the final wave, then?" Rumble… Coincidentally, just as Valyr was about to tell Tristan and Myst of what he had in mind for the final wave against the Tidemother, the fourth wave had begun, with monsters at the peak of Rank 1 proceeding to head where they were. "Let's save that conversation for later." Seeing as they would have to fight once again, Myst decided to take initiative as she got into a battle stance. Looking at Valyr, she then asked him, "Are you going to use that skill again?" "I could… but I'd rather not." In response, Valyr briefly smiled before shaking his head. Tightly gripping onto his spear, he soon got into a battle stance as well as he turned his head to look at the monsters that were heading their way. Then, looking at Tristan and Myst beside him, he grinned. "After all, it would be a waste to not fight against them alongside you guys." Chapter 348: The Deadly Trio Vs. The Fourth Wave "Guess we'll be backing you up for this wave, then." Hearing Valyr's words, Tristan responded by letting out a brief cackle, clenching his fists not long after as he activated [Battle Mania] once more. Within seconds, the billowing flame surrounding his body earlier manifested into existence once again, allowing Tristan's physical stats to reach greater heights. "If that's the case, how are we going to do this?" Listening to the words being spoken by the two, Myst decided to ask a question that would further clarify their strategy in clearing the wave that was continuing to move closer to them. "Should Tristan support you from the left and I support you from the right while you focus on the center? Or are we going at this with a different configuration?" "How did you two get to the conclusion that I'd be the one mainly attacking the fourth wave?" Briefly scratching the back of his head as he listened to the words they said to him, Valyr eventually responded with a chuckle before taking a couple of steps back. Seeing this, Tristan and Myst looked at each other for a bit, with expressions of slight confusion adorning their faces as they faintly wondered whether Valyr was going back on his words of fighting against the fourth wave together. However, after hearing the words that came out of the young man's mouth in response to the move he had just made, it did not take long for the two to understand what Valyr wanted to happen, causing wry smiles to appear on their faces as they wondered whether they could do the same thing they did in the second wave for the current wave. "You'll be the main attackers for this wave," said Valyr with a faint smile adorning his face, continuing to tightly grip onto his spear as he told the two to focus their sights on what was in front of them. "And I'll be the one supporting you two." "You can still change your mind while we still have time, Valyr." Eventually coming to the conclusion that the tactics he and Myst had unleashed earlier would turn out to be less than half as effective in the fourth wave when compared to them during the second wave, Tristan went ahead and persuaded Valyr that he should take the main stage, recalling the damage numbers he saw that popped up wherever the wave of dark energy went. "We would be able to finish the fourth wave faster if you take charge, Valyr." Of course, Myst had arrived at the same conclusion as well, backing up Tristan as the two of them continued to persuade Valyr to change his mind, even though the latter continued to remain silent all this time with a faint smile on his face. It was only when the monsters making up the fourth wave were a couple dozen meters away did Valyr open his mouth to respond. Though the words that came out were ones that Tristan and Myst dreaded to hear. "Let's save that for later. Monsters are coming!" Making sure that they wouldn't be overwhelmed by monsters right from the get-go, Valyr dashed past the two of them before swinging his spear in a wide arc at the monsters. Without much fanfare, the force behind the attack was more than enough to send the monsters at the front flying, causing a domino reaction as multiple monsters were pushed back, while the ones at the brunt of the attack had moved onto the afterlife. "[Breath of the Nascent Wyvern]!" Seeing as the two were still standing where they were even though he had already made a move, a faint bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face as he softly shook his head. Soon after, he willed a great portion of the mana within his body to coalesce in front of his mouth, taking in a deep breath as a ball of fiery energy quickly manifested a few centimeters in front of it. Whoosh! Blowing on this ball of fiery energy, a wave of scorching flames soon covered the trio's field of vision, finally causing Tristan and Myst to move from their spots as they felt the scorching heat from the flames Valyr breathed out from where they stood. Letting out long sighs as they thought about their unfruitful conversation from earlier, the two of them swiftly went off into their separate ways, eventually allowing them to see the aftermath of the fire breath Valyr had just unleashed. Thanks to his insanely high Attack stat, even though he still hadn't used any buffing skills, all of the monsters that fell into the radius of the attack had been vaporized into nothingness. On the other hand, those that were near the monsters that died from the fire breath started to catch on fire, causing them lose health with every passing second before eventually succumbing as well. "I can only use this every 10 minutes!" Feeling that he had given them enough leeway to approach the fourth wave, Valyr swiped his spear a couple more times as if it were a walking stick, only that the force behind it was enough to send a bunch of monsters flying. Noticing that the two were charging up their respective offensive skills, a faint grin appeared on his face as he retreated a fair distance away from the wave, allowing the two to do their own thing as two sides showed great mayhem not long after. "[Pinnacle Blow]!" "[Nascent Perennial Blade Intent]!" "[Perpetual Crescent]!" Whoosh! Whoosh! Unsurprisingly, with how both of them had access to buffing skills that greatly boosted their offensive capabilities, the skills they unleashed more or less did the same thing against the fourth wave when compared to the time they used it against the second wave, causing the initial doubt they felt from not being able to dish out enough damage, thinking that they would have to force Valyr to make a move, to disappear. Within seconds, the two of them regained the determination they had shown during the second wave, sending out a great amount of AoE skills that left gaps within the ranks of the fourth wave. "Hmm…" Watching the two fight against the fourth wave and seeing them push them back on their own, a smile gradually crept up onto Valyr's lips as he affixed his spear on his back, noticing that most, if not all of the attention the monsters had on him earlier were now redirected towards the two. Letting out a brief chuckle, Valyr faintly sighed before extending one of his arms out, a small magic circle appearing in front of the extended palm a few seconds later. "I guess it won't hurt to try using them out." "With the omnipresent mana acting as the source, and my body as the conductor, I command the mana to bend to my will and transform into the might of the raging flames, giving my allies the ability to smite all foes that they might come across!" "[Basic Fire Magic Style: Blazing Vigor]!" Whoosh! Not long after Valyr activated the skill, the small magic circle glowed a faint red before transforming into two orbs of red energy that swiftly made their way to where Tristan and Myst were. With the two of them using their senses to their utmost limits, it was no surprise that the two noticed the orbs of energy heading their way, wondering if one of the monsters had sent it at them. However, once the orbs of energy had collided with their bodies, rather than feeling immense pain, the two instead felt like the strength within their bodies had reached a greater height, as if the difficulty of fighting against the fourth wave had been decreased. "I command the mana to bend to my will and transform into the agility of the ephemeral breeze, giving my allies the ability to traverse their surroundings at greater speeds!" "[Basic Wind Magic Style: Fleeting Breeze]!" Wondering where the orbs of energy that boosted their strength had originated, it did not take long for the two to realize where it originated after they heard Valyr at the back chant from afar, only for orbs of green energy to appear before them not long after. Naturally, the two of them greatly appreciated what Valyr was doing, seeing as his buffing skills were making it significantly easier for the two to mow down their foes, with their defense being boosted by a similar skill from Valyr not long after, being Water-attributed this time around instead of Fire or Wind-attributed. Nevertheless, as they continued to fight the monsters of the fourth wave, being able to clear out a greater area thanks to the buffs Valyr had given them, the two of them could not stop themselves from looking at one another as a question simultaneously appeared within their minds. 'Isn't Valyr a melee fighter?' "Hahahaha!" Oblivious to what was going on inside the minds of the two, Valyr let out a cackle as he dashed towards the part of the wave in front of them, closing the gap between them within seconds. Raising both of his hands as the monsters in his vicinity looked at him, a ball of crimson flame swiftly manifested above his left hand while a ball of green energy swiftly manifested above his right. Not long after, he made the two collide together before sending it off into the wave, causing a tornado of crimson flames to appear in response. Grinning at the mayhem his attack was causing, Valyr looked at how the two were faring, taking note that they were still full of vigor even though they had already slain a lot of monsters. With that in mind, the grin on his face grew wider as he proceeded to experiment with his magic skills. "Yeah… it won't be long till we clear this wave." Chapter 349: What's The Plan? As both Tristan and Myst continued to focus their sights on the monsters that stood before them, gradually cleaving away the fourth wave's numbers through their powerful attacks, the two of them thought about the buffs Valyr had given to them earlier and how it had made their lives easier. Nevertheless, this thought was quickly dispersed as they glanced at the young man from time to time. Although he was helping the two in clearing the wave out by sending out a plethora of skills, to both Tristan and Myst, it would be more apt to say that the young man was just sending out whatever skill he had in mind, only for it to work due to the man's incredibly strong power. At first, Valyr had sent out a tornado made out of flames, which elicited a nod from them as it cleared out a great portion of the monsters making up the wave. Of course, the thought of where Valyr had picked up magic still lingered in their minds, continuing to ponder over the answer to the question as the young man continued to send out more magic-based attacks. A wave made out of flames carried along by wind, spears of water propelled by wind, a giant wave of mud made by mixing earth and water together, the skills that Valyr had sent out at the beginning were all attacks that the two were somewhat aware of being used by mages, which prompted the two to continue watching him as the question of how Valyr picked up magic in the first place disappeared from their minds. Instead, what replaced it was the question of how far Valyr's magic could go. Thankfully, it did not take long for them to find out their answer, which was… not that far. A ball made by mixing fire and water, a wave made out of earth and wind, from how Valyr was mixing only a few magic skills together, Tristan and Myst eventually pieced two and two together in their minds as they came to the conclusion that he only had access to magic corresponding to the four basic elements at most. Then again, even though his repertoire of magic was more or less limited, which caused him to unleash attacks that would normally be considered useless, Valyr was still able to dish out a great amount of damage through his magic experimentations, even showing off his ability to control pure mana by sending out a barrage of mana bolts one time. Eventually, the trio had killed all of the monsters making up the fourth wave, prompting them to simultaneously let out long sighs of relief, with Tristan and Myst's sighs being significantly louder than the one Valyr let out. "With the fourth wave, we only have one wave remaining." Smiling as he said these words, the expression on Valyr's face quickly turned solemn as he turned his head to look back at the only monster that still stood far into the horizon. Seeing this, Tristan and Myst shifted their gazes to briefly look at the monster as well, only for the three to turn around and head back to the frontlines to plan out their course of action for the final wave. "Although I highly appreciate your participation in the defense, Valyr, you're definitely making me feel like recruiting defenders for future monster tides is a useless endeavor." As the trio returned to where Damian was, their expressions somewhat visibly exhausted from what they had just done, the former moved closer to them as he looked at Valyr with a slightly bitter smile. "Is that so?" Responding to Damian's words with a slight smirk, Valyr looked at the other people surrounding them, taking note that most, if not all of the people looking at them had awe and reverence in their expressions. With that in mind, he let out a light chuckle as he decided to sit on a nearby boulder. "Well, you should still continue recruiting them. Though I may have promised that I would participate in this monster tide, I can't say the same for the monster tides that may come after this." "In any case, I'm surprised none of them harbor any grudge towards us for hogging up all of the monsters." Letting out yet another chuckle, Valyr pointed at the people surrounding them, prompting Damian and the others to turn their heads around and notice the awe and reverence that was evident in their expressions. "If you think about it, we've shown them that they could still get far stronger." Tristan grinned, to which Myst nodded in agreement. "The fact that we could handle a single wave all on our own, that's something they definitely want to emulate in the future." "The other defenders aside, what are we going to do for this final wave?" Feeling as if they've talked enough about their impact on other people's aspirations and goals in life, Tristan decided to shift the topic back to what was more important, which was their plan for the final wave. "Speaking of which, do we have an idea on how strong this Tidemother is?" "Let me check." Deciding to volunteer, Valyr turned to look at the large silhouette far out in the horizon before activating the hyperfocus ability of [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], allowing him to see what they were up against at far greater detail. Though the Tidemother they were about to fight against and the Lesser Tidemother they fought before visually looked similar, the number of limbs this Tidemother had was two more than what the Lesser Tidemother had, while the number of eyes on its face surprisingly being double than the Lesser Tidemother's. As for the openings that could be seen on its underside, there were a dozen of them, arranged in a way that formed a hexagonal shape, prompting Valyr to wonder whether there was a reason for the arrangement. Other than that, the Tidemother more or less looked the same as the Lesser Tidemother they had fought. Though, the [Analysis] Valyr had obtained said otherwise. Ding! [Prodigious Lesser Tidemother (Legendary Elite)] (Level 40) HP: 16,725/16,725 MP: 6,390/6,390 Stats: 223 VIT, 302 STR, 299 AGI, 293 DEX, 142 INT, 90 WIS,
