so far." Continuing to admire the sight before him for a bit longer, Valyr eventually recalled the main reason why he had focused all of his attention inwards, soon utilizing the connection he had with his Shadow Energy to begin manipulating the dark particles within the space before him. Whoosh! "Surprisingly malleable." As his eyes briefly widened in surprise at how easy it was to move the dark particles around with his thoughts, Valyr went ahead and manipulated all of the dark particles to congregate into one spot, choosing the center of the space as the dark particles were already more concentrated there. Swoosh! Within minutes, almost all of the dark particles within the space Valyr was viewing had already moved themselves to the inner half, only leaving a few large particles behind that were far darker than the dark particles themselves. Trying to move these large particles closer, it did not take long for the young man to realize that these large particles were the impurities he was trying to remove from the Shadow Energy, prompting him to manipulate these large particles in a way that would make them head in the opposite direction. "I see…" Seeing that the impurities would eventually disappear after he had moved them away up to a certain point, Valyr went ahead and focused more of his mental power towards condensing all of the dark particles at the center, prompting black particles to eventually appear amidst the dark particles squeezing into the center. Already equipped with the knowledge of what he had to do, he then moved these black particles away from the dark particles, moving one step closer to achieving an improvement in his Shadow Energy quality. "It's getting more and more difficult…" Of course, after compressing the dark particles and removing the black particles multiple times in a row, the amount of mental power Valyr had consumed to get to where he was currently had enough of an effect on his efficiency to remove the impurities, finding it more and more tedious as more time passed. Thankfully, seeing as the amount of impurities he had to remove with every cycle continued to decrease, he did not hesitate to psych himself up, telling himself that he would only have to do it a few more times before his Shadow Energy would improve. With that, by the time he had more or less squeezed his mental power to its utmost limits, Valyr had removed the few last specks of black particles that had been lingering around the dark particles, only for the dark particles to start vibrating in unison not long after. … … … Ding! [You have removed all of the impurities in your Shadow Energy.] [All Shadow Energy you shall control from now on is bereft of any impurities whatsoever, improving its efficacy and power.] [The grade of your Shadow Energy Mark has improved to Pure.] Chapter 432: Black Star MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "Phew… and here I thought I was about to faint." Letting out an inward sigh of relief after obtaining a series of notifications from the system, Valyr watched as the dark particles in the space before him started to vibrate in unison, forming a resonance of sorts that caused a certain tone to reverberate throughout the space. Finding the tone generated by the dark particles somewhat jarring, the young man put on a relieved expression once the tone gradually disappeared, with the dark particles following suit as they stopped moving. However, just as Valyr thought that the process would end there, a great portion of the dark particles soon began to congregate around some of the dark particles, forming larger versions of the dark particles that contain more energy than before. Then, once all of the dark particles in the space before Valyr had clumped up together to form larger versions of these dark particles, these large particles then condensed themselves in size, purifying and compressing the energy within them even further to the point that the condensed dark particles now looked more like dark pearls than particles. Seeing as all of the dark particles had finished transforming into dark pearls, Valyr looked at the sight before him for a bit to see if there were any other changes that would happen before the process would complete. Eventually coming to the conclusion that the process was now finished since the dark pearls had taken the dark particles' place in roaming around the space, Valyr went ahead and removed his focus from the small black mass near his heart, activating all of his external senses once more as he gazed at the old man beside him. "Oh?" Sensing the feeling of someone staring at him, Noel opened his eyes to look at Valyr with a faint smile. "It seems you've already removed all of the impurities in your Shadow Energy." "Yes." Nodding in response to Noel's words, Valyr spared a bit of his attention towards commanding the system to bring up his notification screen, only to then command the system to bring up the description of [Shadow Energy Mark] soon after. Ding! [Shadow Energy Mark] (Lv. MAX) Rarity: ??? Shadow Energy: 10/10 Grade: Pure (Uncommon) Throughout the ages… description has been omitted. This skill allows the user to tap into Shadow Energy at any time, not needing to form a connection with the Shadow Plane anymore whenever the user wishes to do so. This skill also allows the user to store a considerable amount of Shadow Energy within their bodies, which could be improved by absorbing the Shadow Energy of other creatures within the Shadow Plane. This skill also allows the user to gain a boosting effect from the Shadow Energy within their bodies, with each point of Shadow Energy the user currently has inside their bodies boosting all of their physical and mental stats by 0.45% (Current boost: 4.5%). Due to the quality of the user's Shadow Energy being improved by one grade, a portion of the Shadow Energy's boosting effect on the user's body has become permanent, permanently boosting all of the user's physical and mental stats by 2.5%. 'So, improving the quality of my Shadow Energy converts some of the improvement I'm getting from keeping Shadow Energy within my body at all times into something more permanent.' Swiftly reading through the additional information the skill had gained after Valyr had achieved Pure grade Shadow Energy, the young man briefly nodded in satisfaction as he closed the screen soon after, returning his attention to the old man before him. "Wait till you improve your Shadow Energy to the 1st Cleansing grade." Seeing as the young man was already finished looking through the improvements his [Shadow Energy Mark] had undergone through, Noel decided to tease the young man on what he could expect to obtain after improving his Shadow Energy even further, slightly grinning in the process. "The improvement you'll get from it won't just stop at a permanent boost in stats." "In any case, you've definitely purified your Shadow Energy far quicker than I thought." As Noel said these words, Valyr's curiosity was instantly piqued, prompting him to ask the former as to how much time he had taken to remove all of the impurities in his Shadow Energy. "One and a half hours," said Noel in response, to which Valyr responded by slightly tilting his head to the side in confusion. After all, the latter had no clue whether the time he had taken was quicker than normal or— "You've basically achieved what others would have taken a week in the real world in like… what? Around ten minutes in the real world or something?" Of course, the old man was quick to clear up the confusion Valyr was experiencing, leaving the latter in a brief state of shock as he processed how much of a difference there was between his time and the time Noel had mentioned. "Hahahaha! You should definitely see the look on your face, brat!" Though, while Valyr was still wrapping his head around the great difference between his time and the others' times, Noel let out a peal of laughter all of a sudden, wiping off some of the tears that were brimming around his eyes as he decided to not fool the young man any longer. "Though your time is still impressive, the average time people take to remove the impurities from their Shadow Energy ranges from one to two days in the real world." Letting out a sigh to calm himself down, Noel looked at the young man with a calm expression. "In fact, there's someone who was able to improve their Shadow Energy quality to Pure grade in less than 30 minutes in the Shadow Plane." "Some people are really just born with insane comprehension talent." Shrugging off his shoulders as he briefly recalled the being that had achieved such a feat, Noel quickly threw the thought to the back of his head as he remembered how much time the two of them had left to stay in the Shadow Plane. "Anyways, with less than two and a half hours left before we have to leave the Shadow Plane, let me explain the process of achieving the 1st Cleansing grade as quickly as possible." "In essence, it's pretty simple. You just have to compress all of the Shadow Energy again into one spot as much as possible until something happens." "Of course, in reality, it's anything but simple," added Noel soon after, his expression now serious. "What you actually have to do is to force the Shadow Energy to collapse on itself by compressing it into one spot and let the resulting structure from that compression generate Shadow Energy on its own." "The Shadow Energy that would be generated won't be infinite, but it would definitely be far purer and far more effective to use in conjunction with the [Shadow Serpent Combat Style]." As Noel said these words, a slight grin appeared on his face. "Speaking of the structure that you have to create with Shadow Energy, people actually have multiple names for it. But as all of these people have been taught by me, they've eventually all come to agree on a general name for the structure." "The first name I gave the structure when I laid my eyes upon it." "The Black Star." Chapter 433: In The Nick Of Time MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith 'Black Star…' Keeping the name of the structure he had to form to achieve the next stage in his mind, a certain thought surfaced within the young man's mind, making him feel as if he heard of it somewhere before. 'Probably a reference to another game or something.' Slightly shrugging his shoulders as he decided not to think about it any further, Valyr returned his attention to what Noel had to say, seeing that the old man wasn't finished with his explanation yet. "You'll know that you've formed a Black Star once it feels like there's a suction force fighting against the control you're exerting on your Shadow Energy," said Noel. "Of course, don't just release your control over the Shadow Energy the very instant you feel that there's a suction force counteracting against your own control." "Only when you feel like the strength of the suction force is more or less equal to the control you exert would you only then remove your control over the Shadow Energy and let it do its thing." Informing Valyr a few more things regarding the process to achieve the 1st Cleansing grade, Noel eventually returned his attention to what he was doing previously, closing his eyes as he left the young man a few more words before truly engrossing himself once more. "Remember. You only have less than two and a half hours before we have to leave the Shadow Plane." "If you don't achieve the 1st Cleansing grade by the time there's only 10 minutes left before we leave, unfortunately, I'll have to forcefully wake you up and you'll have to do it all over again." "Good luck, brat. You're definitely going to need it." With Noel leaving these words behind for Valyr as the former swiftly returned to his state from earlier, the latter looked at the elder beside him for a bit, faintly wondering what the old man was doing at the moment. However, just as he tried to take a peek into it, there seemed to be a barrier of energy surrounding the entirety of Noel's body, making it difficult for Valyr to see what the old man was truly doing. Pondering for a while whether the barrier of energy shrouding Noel's body was due to his high class rank or due to his control over Abyssal Energy, Valyr eventually decided to discard the thought and focus on what was important, closing his eyes as he cut off all his external senses not long after. Whoosh! Now more or less used to the feeling of using his mental power to peer internally into his body, the young man soon found himself within the small black mass once more, being greeted once again by the sight of dark pearls hovering around in space. Google search feee cm "So, all I have to do is to compress them into one spot and let the Shadow Energy collapse on itself, huh." Muttering these words to himself as a reminder of the process, Valyr soon exerted his control over the dark pearls, forcing them to head to the center of the space to congregate once more. "Sounds like the process to achieve Pure grade, but with less steps." "Hmm?" Just as the young man had begun moving the dark pearls towards the center of the space, he noticed that there was now a repulsive force trying to force back the control Valyr had over the dark pearls. Fortunately, the repulsive force around the pearls seemed to easily bend under pressure, so Valyr went ahead and put a lot of his mental power on the dark pearls to dispel the repulsive force, allowing him to control it again. "I guess this is why Noel told me good luck." Though the rate of mental power he had used to control the dark pearls was only considerably larger than the rate it took him to achieve Pure grade, Valyr knew that it would still be difficult for him to complete the process to achieve the 1st Cleansing grade, even with his mind tempered by subjecting it to inordinate amounts of pain. Taking in a deep breath as to not let his emotions get the better of him, Valyr went ahead and moved all of the dark pearls in the space towards the center, consuming a greater amount of mental power as he began pushing the dark pearls closer together. Surprisingly, by the time dark pearls began to interact with one another due to the pushing force Valyr was exerting, the weak repulsive force around the dark pearls from earlier seemingly returned with its strength considerably greater than before. Noticing that, Valyr put in even more of his mental power into the orb of dark pearls he was making, using part of it to dispel the repulsive force being created. "Ngh…" By the time Valyr felt like hours had passed since he began the cleansing process, the young man finally felt like he was now scraping the bottom of the barrel to grab every ounce of mental power he could get his hands on, feeling a headache gradually brewing. At that point, the dark pearls still showed no signs of collapsing on itself as a repulsive force around the pearls was still being generated. But then… Pop! As if a thin layer of sorts was broken, the repulsive force swiftly disappeared without a trace as the dark pearls at the very center of the large orb started to fuse with one another, forming a suction force that began to counteract against Valyr's exerted control. Feeling elated that achieving the 1st Cleansing grade was quite near, Valyr seemed to have grabbed a great amount of mental power out of nowhere, exerting more force on the orb of dark pearls to speed up the collapsing process that was happening. Thankfully, it did not take much more mental power for the collapsing process to speed up, with the suction force being generated at the very center now equal to the level of control the young man had exerted so far. "Phew." Seeing that he could now free himself from controlling the dark pearls, the young man inwardly let out a long sigh of relief as he watched all of the dark pearls gradually fuse into giant dark pearl before proceeding to collapse even further. Bang! Then, accompanied by a muffled yet loud explosion, the giant dark pearl grew larger for a bit, only to then begin rapidly shrinking in size as its outer surface grew more and more bright. Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Within seconds, the large dark pearl at the center soon began to generate dark particles that resembled the dark particles Valyr had manipulated to achieve Pure grade. However, compared to those dark particles, the dark particles being generated by the large dark pearl not only glistened similar to the dark pearls from earlier, but also contained far more power. Ding! Hearing a series of notifications resound in his mind, Valyr was just about to open his notification screen, only for him to instead activate all of his external senses to see whether there was still a lot of time left before they had to leave the Shadow Plane. However, at the very moment he had done just that, he heard a voice that crushed that small hope in his mind. "You've definitely surprised me quite a few times today, brat." "You're just in the nick of time." Chapter 434: Leaving The Shadow Plane MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "Is that so?" Letting out a slightly disappointed sigh after being told they needed to leave the Shadow Plane, Valyr gradually stood up before proceeding to do a few basic movements with his legs. "I thought I took far longer actually." "Time is relative," said the old man in response, dispelling the barrier of Abyssal Energy surrounding them, only to then use it to create a platform that the two of them could stand on. "Anyways, we only have less than 10 minutes left before bad things happen to you in the Shadow Plane. Hop on." "Alright." Looking at the platform of Abyssal Energy for a bit, Valyr faintly nodded in response to Noel's words before proceeding to get on. Following after the young man, Noel got onto the platform of Abyssal Energy as well, covering their feet in a couple layers of Abyssal Energy to make sure that they wouldn't fall. "I'd suggest you hold on tight to me." Circulating Abyssal Energy throughout his body, Noel turned around to look at Valyr behind him. "This ride is going to be real quick so we return to the real world before night falls, but it won't be a smooth ride by any means." "How bad could it be, Elder Noel?" Hearing the old man's words, the young man felt the urge to show off all of a sudden, thinking that the ride wouldn't be that fast for him to have the need to hold tightly onto the old man. After all, he was now a being at the peak of Rank 2, with a Mythic class at that. "Surely our speed wouldn't be that—" Whoosh! Just before Valyr could finish his next question, Noel decided to give the young man a taste of his own medicine, sending all of the Abyssal Energy circulating throughout his body onto the platform, creating a force that propelled them forward at great speeds. Thud! Unsurprisingly, due to the sudden increase in speed, Valyr fell on his back on the platform, with his legs instantly buckling due to how his feet were still affixed to the platform thanks to Abyssal Energy. Of course, the young man knew in his mind that falling on his back wouldn't be the only thing to happen to him if he weren't stuck to the platform. "Well, I did warn you." As for the one controlling the platform, Noel faintly shrugged his shoulders as he gave off an aura that made Valyr feel like the old man was telling him 'I told you so'. Recalling the multiple number of times other people had asked the same thing to him, only for them to fall on their backs as well, Noel then said, "Then again, it's not like you're the first person to ever ask me that." "If you can find a way to stand up and hold onto my clothes while we're moving, then feel free to do so." Continuing to move through the air at great speeds, already halfway into the area where Shadow Bears were, Noel took a brief glance at Valyr before returning his gaze to what was in front of them. "If not, then just continue lying on your back until we reach the rift back to the real world." "Mngh… hmph!" After being told that he had the option to stand up, Valyr unhesitatingly pushed his body to its utmost limits, exerting all of his strength through his arms to try and combat against the force that was pushing down on him. Thankfully, one forceful push was more than enough for the young man to get a considerable portion of his body upright, allowing him to hold onto the old man's clothes as he gradually got himself to stand fully upright. 'Oho…' Feeling that the young man was slightly tugging on his clothes, Noel took a brief glance at Valyr once more as a faint smile appeared on his face. After that, he infused more of his Abyssal Energy into the platform, increasing their speeds even further as they eventually arrived at the rift back to the real world a couple of minutes later. … Whoosh! "I'm finally back." Appearing within the confines of Noel's room within the Spearman Guild, Valyr
