his aura out, causing Valyr's aura to quickly contract as the young man shuddered in fear at the ferocity and power that was contained within the man's aura. Of course, he still tried to fight back against it through his willpower, but with the disparity in their strength being as wide as a chasm, such an attempt was eventually futile. "I guess that's enough show of force." Just as the middle-aged man had begun to move closer to him, prompting Valyr to think that there was a chance he would die under the man's hands, the man instead retracted his aura as his expression changed into an amicable smile, the air around him now giving off the feeling that he wanted to become friends with Valyr. Naturally, Valyr still remained wary and vigilant of the man's next move. Fortunately, these thoughts disappeared once the middle-aged man slightly bowed to Valyr. "Well, let me preface this introduction of mine by saying sorry," said the middle-aged man to Valyr, causing the expression on the latter's face to gain hints of confusion. Though, this expression quickly returned to normal once he heard the man's next words, inwardly becoming jubilant that his feeling from earlier was actually correct. "And now, my introduction." "The name's Julian Arthur Pyrrhia, but you can call me Julian. On second thought, just call me Guildmaster Julian. Wouldn't want others to try and find out the relationship we have." "Anyways, from my words alone, I'm sure you've already inferred that you're talking to the Guildmaster of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild, though I guess it would be more accurate to call me the guild's branch leader." "I hope that's enough to wipe out any suspicion you might have against me, Herald of the Zeihardt clan." At the very moment Julian was finished speaking, Valyr took in a deep breath before letting out a long sigh, composing himself as he stared at the man before him for a while. Taking note of the young man's silence in response to his introduction, Julian pondered over what he might have done wrong, only to ask Valyr soon after, "Too formal?" "Just give me a second to process all of this." In response, Valyr told the man that he was in the midst of taking everything in, prompting Julian to merely nod in response before allowing the young man to take his time digesting the information he had just received. "Haah…" Letting out a deep sigh, Valyr looked at the man in front of him for a bit before asking, "Why did you want to meet up with me?" "Well, Herald of the Zeihardt clan…" "You could just call me Valyr." "Well, Valyr…" Nodding in response to Valyr's brief interruption, Julian soon gave the young man the answer he wanted, giving him a toothy grin. "How could I not check on the person I've nominated as a candidate for the Four Pillars' Inheritance?" "Mn?" At those words, Valyr's eyes widened as he raised his eyebrow in curiosity. "You're the one who nominated me?" "Yep." Julian nodded. "Choosing candidates for the Four Pillars' Inheritance isn't really done through a tournament. Instead, the branch leaders of the Blacksmith, Alchemist, Tailor, and Sage Guilds nominate people to the Imperial Production Guild for candidacy. Of course, the Imperial Production Guild has set criteria for what people should have before being nominated as a candidate, which you fortunately happen to check all the boxes of." "Speaking of which, the branch leader of the Blacksmith Guild you registered in was the one who gave me a heads-up of your identity," added Julian not long after, causing a frown to appear on Valyr's face. "However, he did not know anything about your identity as a member of the Zeihardt clan. Instead, he recommended you solely due to your class alone." "Why the beating, then?" Though Valyr already had an idea to the answer to the question he had given to Julian, he still felt a great level of indignance at being unable to fight back at the man he fought against. With that, he decided to ask the man before him, wondering if there was a greater reason for it aside from checking his combat capabilities. "To check your combat capabilities." Hearing more or less the same words he had heard from Aster back then come out of the man's mouth, Valyr inwardly let out a faint sigh as he wondered why he was expecting to hear more in the first place. Though, once he listened to the man's next words, this thought of his quickly changed. "According to the Imperial Production Guild's criteria, those with the greatest combat capability among the four candidates chosen to enter the inheritance would become the leader of the exploration, allowing them to take a greater share of the loot once they leave the inheritance," said Julian, only to look at Valyr with a bitter smile soon after. "Unfortunately, at that time, your combat capability was only second to the candidate with the highest combat capability, hence you were not chosen as a leader." "Hence the small tournament a week before the inheritance?" Connecting the information he had heard so far with the information he already knew, Valyr eventually asked Julian a question, to which the latter nodded. "Yep. It's a tournament to reassess everyone's combat capabilities." "I see." Nodding in response, Valyr went silent for a bit as the thoughts in mind continued to swirl. Eventually, a single thought out of all of the thoughts in his mind rose to the surface, causing him to look at Julian with curiosity as he asked, "Now that I think about it, why me though?" "Pardon?" "Why me? Why choose me as a candidate? Isn't the criteria something along the lines of having a Mythic blacksmith class?" Although he found the inheritance a great boon to his plans, Valyr had already expected to go through most of the things he had in mind without an inheritance like the Four Pillars' Inheritance, considering that he didn't know anything about it. With that, he asked the man who nominated him in the first place, only for the man to look at him with a bitter smile. "That is indeed the criteria." Julian nodded. "As long as the person has a Legendary or higher class corresponding to either the Blacksmith, Alchemist, Sage, or Tailor class, they would be considered a potential candidate for the inheritance. In fact, I already had someone else in mind to take the blacksmith candidate spot." "However, you're ultimately a far better choice." "A Herald of the Zeihardt clan, the owner of a Mythic grade blacksmith class, plus superb combat capability for your rank." "How could I not choose you…" "Especially with the orc outbreak continuing to bring danger to the kingdom?" Chapter 372: Rising Tensions "Wait… what do you mean by that?" After Julian was done talking, Valyr went silent for a bit as he thought about what the man had said to him. "Does the inheritance have anything to do with the orc outbreak?" "Not really." Julian shook his head. "The Four Pillars' Inheritance generally opens once every decade. With that in mind, this opening is just like any other opening we've prepared for in the past." "It only happened to appear just at the right time where we need it the most." "And that has something to do with the orc outbreak?" Allowing the gears to turn in his mind, Valyr tried to make sense of how the two were connected. "From what I've been told by the elders from the Imperial Production Guild, the inheritance contains the remnants of a highly advanced civilization in the past." "That would be correct." Julian nodded in agreement. "And the goal of having us candidates explore the inheritance in its entirety is to be able to obtain this highly advanced technology for ourselves and help humanity's technology reach a higher level." "That is also correct." "With that, how would… oh…" Just as Valyr was about to ask Julian what the connection between the two were, it was only at that very moment when he laid out the purpose of their exploration of the inheritance to the man did he finally put two and two together, a look of understanding adorning his face. Taking in a couple of deep breaths to compose himself, the young man stared directly at the middle-aged man in front of him with a slight frown, thinking that there was the possibility of his realization being incorrect. Though, with the conversation both of them had been having so far… "Am… am I correct to assume that the technology from the inheritance would be used to fight against the orc outbreak?" "Bingo." At those words, Julian nodded, a bitter smile quickly creeping up onto his lips. "As I said, it only happened to appear at the time where we needed it the most." "Why the need for the inheritance's technology, though?" Valyr asked in response, knowing how simple it was to raise one's strength if need be. "Wouldn't it be better to just create a combat force made out of peak Rank 5 class holders to fight against the orc outbreak?" "If only it were that easy." Julian shook his head with a wry smile. "The kingdom does have the capability to do something like that on a small scale. If we were to obtain the help of the empire, then perhaps we could proceed with it on a large scale." "However, although we have multiple ways to increase the strength of people to the peak of Rank 5 at rapid speeds, even having them reach the realm of Epics if need be, there is one thing that can't be cultivated that quickly." "Combat experience." Of course, after listening to Julian's explanation, Valyr found the problem with the idea as well. After all, a combat force made out of peak Rank 5 class holders may look intimidating at first glance, but after knowing that almost all of them have next to no real combat experience, even a group of seasoned peak Rank 3 class holders would not have much difficulty finding a way to defeat all of them. Nodding in agreement to Valyr's words, Julian continued. "Combat experience has always been something that's accumulated with time. Sure, we could give them the best skills, the methods to obtain the best classes, and even the best weapons and armor sets. But in the end, all of them will shrink in fear once they see the orcs dashing at them with intense bloodlust." "But did you guys really give up on the idea, though?" Though Valyr understood the downsides of the idea he had suggested, he knew that such a combat force would become a great advantage as time passed. Fortunately, judging by the toothy grin Julian gave him as he shook his head, the young man quickly found out that they did not truly give up on it at all. "Of course not." Julian softly chuckled. "We may not be able to deploy such a combat force in the near future, but who knows what kind of impact they might have in the long run." "Knew it." At the man's words, Valyr flashed a grin before letting out a soft chuckle not long after. Letting out a faint sigh as he was now privy to the fact that there was another purpose to the inheritance he and the other candidates were about to delve into, Valyr eventually decided to ask Julian about the orc outbreak, considering how most of the Blacksmith Guild's quests were related to it. "Before I arrived here, I've been hearing about an orc outbreak that's appeared near the kingdom," said Valyr, piquing Julian's interest. "Even the quests I've submitted earlier have something to do with it. I've tried asking the elders from the Imperial Production Guild about it, but they told me to ask you about it instead." "Not surprised." Julian nodded, a slight frown appearing on his face. "Those darn geezers will make a move only if the kingdom is in danger or if it has something to do with the inheritance, after all." "So, would it be fine to ask you for more information about it? Like how big the outbreak is and whatnot?" "I mean… you're bound to come across this information sooner or later, so I suppose why not." Surprisingly, Julian did not mind Valyr's request, taking on a lackadaisical approach to it as he shrugged his shoulders. Becoming silent for a bit, Julian organized the thoughts he had regarding the orc outbreak before proceeding to explain it to Valyr. "Hmm… I should probably begin with how we're faring against the orc outbreak at the moment. Well, at the moment, we're maintaining a precarious balance between both sides, with the human and the orc race currently evenly matched in terms of combat power. It's also the reason why the orc race hasn't reached the kingdom walls yet." "Nevertheless, they did breach through the defensive line we've set up around the city to the east, so we had to play a bit of catch-up to make sure it doesn't affect us in the long run." Julian looked at Valyr. "By catch-up, I mean the Blacksmith Guild's members frantically forging as much equipment as possible." "Right now, the orc outbreak is considered to be small-scale under the criteria of the empire, though they are keeping an eye on it in the off-chance it does increase in size. However, it wasn't always like this." "In fact, there was once a time where both sides settled disputes peacefully." Chapter 373: A Bit Of Help Seeing as Valyr was attentively listening to his explanation, Julian inwardly nodded in satisfaction towards Valyr's interest in the matter before proceeding to continue where he left off. "For what many people with high class ranks in the kingdom have come to know as normal, the orc and human race had a mostly amicable relationship between one another, only settling disputes through battle if it was truly irreconcilable. In fact, the emperor of our own Meltierre Empire and the emperor of the orc race's Khagarax Empire are considered to be good friends, even going so far as to host tournaments that would allow the young talents of their respective races to fight against one another and expand both sides' horizons." "From what I've been told, this relationship has lasted for about 200 years or so, only for it to undergo an abrupt change over a decade ago." At these words, Julian's expression became solemn as he soon let out a low sigh. "The emperor of the Khagarax Empire had stepped down from his throne and allowed his son, the heir, to ascend to the throne and become the new emperor." "During the first few years, there was next to no difference regarding the relationship the human race had with the orc race. However, as time passed, our emperor found out more and more information regarding the personality of the new orc emperor, deciding to gradually distance himself from the orc race after coming to the conclusion that it was the safest decision." "See, unlike the previous orc emperor, which was said to be wise and looked at things from a long term perspective, the new orc emperor, although wise in his own terms, was someone who allowed his feelings to dictate his actions, thinking that the orc race was the only race in Veldanyr fit to rule the entire world." "Or at least, that's what I've been told through my sources." Julian briefly shrugged his shoulders, reminding Valyr to take his words with a grain of salt. "Either way, after our emperor decided to distance himself from the new orc emperor, the latter decided to take offense at this and launch an offensive against our settlements. At first, the orcs would harass the smaller, less protected settlements, such as villages and towns. However, as time passed, the scale of their combat force grew larger, while the settlements they targeted grew larger as well." "Eventually, the orc race decided to target their first human kingdom. The Algerie Kingdom." "And that's more or less where we are at the moment," said Julian, wrapping up his explanation on the matter. "Depending on how it unfolds, we might be able to successfully push the orc race back to where they came from, or the human and orc race would engage in a large-scale war against one another." "Either way, a great deal of stress." Julian let out a faint sigh. "Then again, it's not like I accepted this position without knowing of its responsibilities anyway." "Has the elf race been affected by the change in the orc race as well?" Nodding in response to Julian's words, Valyr posed a question to him not long after, wondering if the third ruling race of the current age was affected in any way. Unexpectedly, Julian looked at him with a wry smile before shaking his head. "With how they've decided to seclude themselves from the rest of the world, as well as the fact that they've built a near impenetrable defense surrounding their territory, probably not," said Julian in response, only to ponder over the matter for a bit before adding, "Then again, rumors did say that they sent out a few groups to inflict a bit of damage to the elf race… though no news about it appeared after that." "Hmm…" Rubbing his chin as he processed all of the information he had heard from Julian so far, Valyr decided to check with the man before him if he had gotten all of the information correctly. "So, if I'm getting this right, because of the orc outbreak, and the fact that the Four Pillars' Inheritance is close to opening, you've nominated me as a candidate for the position of blacksmith as it would allow us to explore a greater portion of the inheritance… I think." "You're correct." Julian nodded. "The rarer the classes the candidates have, the more of the inheritance would be unlocked once they begin to explore its surroundings. I have no idea why that's the case, but that's how it is." "So, choosing me as a candidate increases the chances of us possibly discovering a piece of technology that would allow our side to gain an edge against the orc race?" "Pretty much, though we don't really have much hopes on it." "I see." Taking in a deep breath, Valyr eventually nodded in understanding. Looking at Julian, he then asked, "Is this the actual reason why you wanted to meet me?" "Nope. I just really wanted to meet the candidate I've chosen in person and get an idea of how you and the other three might possibly fare once the inheritance opens," replied Julian bluntly. "The talk about the orc outbreak and such was just a tangent I did not mind delving into." At those words, Valyr scratched the back of his head, feeling embarrassment at the fact that his thoughts on what the main reason behind their meeting could be was actually wrong. Of course, Julian noticed the slight embarrassment on Valyr's face, letting out a bit of laughter in response, which only made the latter feel even more embarrassed. "Well, with all things considered, you've definitely exceeded my expectations, Valyr." Julian smiled at Valyr before deciding to head back to the anvil to continue working on the equipment he was in the middle of forging. "Remember how the attendant told you that you'd be better off claiming your Technology Points once you're done meeting with me?" "Yeah?" "I fully intend to follow through with that statement." Placing the sheet of metal on the anvil into the large furnace behind him, Julian sent in a wave of mana through the furnace, causing the heat inside to raise at an alarming rate. "Plus, with the fact that you're a candidate for the inheritance and a Herald of the Zeihardt clan, helping you out in this manner is the least I can do to increase your chances of finding something special within the inheritance." "With that, using the power vested within me as the Guildmaster of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild, I, Julian Arthur Pyrrhia, shall increase your rank from Elite Member…" "…to Core Member." Chapter 374: Good Ol' Nepotism "Core Member?" At first, Valyr was slightly confused as to what position Julian had given him, recalling the four ranks Tristan had explained to him in the past. Fortunately, it did not take long for him to realize how much of a jump he had undergone in terms of rank, recalling the overall hierarchy of class guilds after rummaging through his memories for a while. Oblivious to what was going on inside Valyr's mind, Julian interpreted the young man's response as a genuine question, prompting him to give Valyr an explanation on the hierarchy that was in place within class guilds. "Before I begin my explanation, do you happen to know the four ranks a member could reach in a guild?" "Normal, Elite, True, and Legacy, right?" Though Valyr already knew how significant becoming a Core Member was, he decided to participate in Julian's explanation, using it to refresh and jog his memory regarding the hierarchy. "That is correct." Julian nodded, flashing a slight smile at the young man. Turning around to look at how the metal he placed in the furnace was faring, he quickly noticed that it had already reached the optimal temperature for hammering, prompting him to summon a few mana strands that reached out to the metal. "That is hot." Letting out a soft hiss as he swiftly placed the red hot metal onto the anvil, Julian did not waste time and grabbed his trusty forging hammer before proceeding to hammer the metal into shape. As sounds of the hammer clashing against the metal reverberated throughout the room, the man continued where he left off in his explanation. "Oh, right. Where was I?" "So, everyone starts off as a normal member once they register," said Julian in between the hammering. "By doing a few deeds for the guild, you
