clan (0/1) > Find out the leader of the supportive faction of the Zeihardt clan and their whereabouts (0/1) > Find out the leader of the rebel faction of the Zeihardt clan and their whereabouts (0/1) Quest Rewards: > Dependent on the speed at which the information is obtained, as well as how detailed the information is Quest Penalty: End of the linked quest, future repercussions [Note: There are places you could head to that may give you the information you seek as long as you pay the corresponding price. Of course, the choice to scout the location itself is also open.] 'Information gathering, huh.' Once he was done reading through the objectives that he had to fulfill to complete the quest, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief, thanking the heavens that he only had to gather information for now to complete it. Though he knew that having to head into the estate at some point was something that couldn't be avoided, he hoped that such a quest would only appear once he was certain that he was strong enough to fend off against anything and everything that could fight against him. 'Of course, I could just forget about this quest for now and get stronger, but that would be a waste of rewards.' 'In any case, I never expected the quest to give me a tip on completing the quest objectives.' Finding the note at the very bottom of the quest description both intriguing yet peculiar at the same time, Valyr eventually closed up the screen in front of him before letting out a faint sigh, satisfied with the improvement he had gained after ascending to Rank 2. "I guess it's time to make use of that massive amount of unused XP I still have and max all of my skills out before heading to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains." Pondering over what he should do next, Valyr decided to use up his XP in preparation for the mass grind he would do for Skill Keys in the near future. Though, just as he had brought up his skill list to find out that he still had a lot of skills yet to be upgraded to their max level, a thought surfaced in his mind, causing him to exclaim not long after. "Oh, right! The monster tide!" Chapter 313: Before The Tide Astarto Village. Under the rays of the seemingly bleak-looking sun affixed at the peak of the clear blue sky, two men in the later stages of their twenties stood a few hundred meters away from the walls of the village, gazing out into the horizon as they felt a vast yet ominous aura radiating from afar. "You think we're ready for the upcoming monster tide?" Tristan briefly squinted his eyes before letting out a sigh, turning his head to look at the man beside him before asking a question. "With how things are developing within the village, there's a chance that we'll be defending against a tide that's far worse than the previous one." "Which is to be expected." Hearing Tristan's words, Damian briefly let out a sigh before shrugging his shoulders in response. "With Valyr removing the final obstacle that was hampering the village from expanding, the village has spared no effort to expand itself as quickly and as smoothly as possible." "It's just a shame that even expanding villages are considered towns in the eyes of the monster tide." As these words came out of Damian's mouth, a bitter smile adorned his face. "But we'd still be able to defend the place without a problem, no?" Tristan asked back, the expression on his face calm. "After all, ever since Valyr had given us knowledge regarding the Basic Reinforcement Elixir, the village's guards have grown stronger by leaps and bounds." "And the same applies for us." Saying these words, Tristan recalled how much the knowledge regarding Basic Reinforcement Elixir affected the village after Valyr left to head to greener pastures. For one, a greater portion of the village had made the decision to become part of the village's guard regiment, which fortunately worked in Damian's favor since most of them were truly willing to defend the village at all costs. In fact, these people told him that the only reason they didn't enlist as a guard earlier was because they feared they didn't have enough strength to do so. However, with the existence of the Basic Reinforcement Elixir, which allowed one to have stats rivaling that of someone at Rank 1 while still being at Rank 0, such worries swiftly disappeared. Of course, as someone who has interacted and met up with many people, Damian did not buy into their claims that easily, finding most of them skeptical since he had a feeling they were just in it for the Basic Reinforcement Elixir. Nevertheless, it still increased the number of guards within the regiment that were willing to fight for the village, even though the method to obtain Basic Reinforcement Elixir was still as difficult as it was ever since Valyr first introduced it to the two. With how much time has passed since then, almost half of the guards within the regiment had been successful in getting their hands on a small amount of Basic Reinforcement Elixir through the system Damian put up in place, increasing their stats by one to two points at most. On the other hand, around a third of the half had been successful in reaching the halfway mark, increasing their stats by five points, while only a couple dozen people within the regiment had been able to consume all the vials of Basic Reinforcement Elixir needed to unlock the corresponding skill. Among those who were able to max out their consumption of Basic Reinforcement Elixir, a specific person eventually appeared in Tristan's mind, causing him to look at Damian before asking, "Myst said she was going to participate in the upcoming monster tide, right?" "Yeah, she did." Damian nodded at Tristan before returning his gaze back at the wide horizon before them. "She said she'll arrive at the village before the tide starts." "Really?" Tristan raised his eyebrow in interest before nodding back. "I thought those Experience Pit things would need you to take more time to really rake in a lot of XP." please visit "For someone like us, that might be the case." Saying these words, a wry smile appeared on Damian's face. "But remember what kind of subclass she has." "How could I forget?" In response, Tristan let out a wry chuckle. Myst Verielle, the one Alfaera had chosen after Valyr passed on the responsibility of finding its inheritor ever since he was given its scroll by Riekan. At the very moment she had accepted the Perennial Blademaster subclass, her level of strength, which allowed her to become one of the guard captains of the regiment, swiftly increased to the point that even Damian was impressed with how much her strength had improved. In their eyes, Myst had become a scarier person to fight against, with all of her attacks flowing into one another like a tsunami that didn't dissipate. Even Damian, who had already progressed a bit into the levels of Rank 2, was defeated by Myst a couple times, solely by the latter relying on the new nature of her attacks, as well as the fighting style that had only been improved further by accepting the subclass. A style focused on pure speed. With her relentless effort into improving her strength, she eventually took on the mantle of what Valyr was when he was still a part of the village, becoming the person everyone aspired to be when they grew up, inspiring the multiple generations of the village into sparing a bit more time into honing their strength. In essence, she had truly taken on the name as Astarto's Guardian. Even though she told Damian and Tristan that there was still a long way to go before she could truly be called Astarto's Guardian, telling them that she had only made a bit of headway towards upgrading the subclass to Epic grade, the two of them that it was only a matter of time before they would be greeted by a future even they weren't expecting. "Well, I think it's time to head back and tell Alfaera a bit more about the situation." Feeling as if they had gotten a rough idea of what kind of monster tide they were up against, Tristan suggested to Damian that they head back to the village, to which the latter nodded in response. "From the looks of it, we'll be up against a medium-scale monster tide at the very least," said Damian as they made their way back. "But with how much the regiment has improved since then, we'll probably be able to weather the tide without much problem." "Speaking of which, didn't Valyr promise us before he left that he'd return to the village before the monster tide erupts?" Tristan asked Damian not long after before letting out a faint chuckle. "You think he's already forgotten it?" Ding! As if the heavens had responded to the question, a notification sound resounded within Tristan's mind, prompting to stop in his tracks as he took a look at the message he had received. With his eyes gradually widening in surprise, it did not take long for Damian to put two and two together, letting out a bit of laughter soon after. "I guess you got yourself your answer." Chapter 314: Gearing Up "…So? What did he send?" By the time the two of them had returned to the village proper, the screen in front of Tristan's field of vision disappeared, prompting Damian to go ahead and ask his friend about the conversation he and Valyr had. "He didn't forget." In response to the question, Tristan looked back at Damian before beaming a smile at the man, causing the gears in the latter's mind to turn for a bit before beaming a smile as well. "He asked me when the monster tide would appear, so I told him that it would appear a few days from now." "I'm surprised he hasn't forgotten about it," said Damian in response as the two of them made their way to the village inn to get some brunch. "But don't you think it would be inconvenient for him? After all, he might be at some place that's far away from the village." "That may be true..." As these words came out of his mouth, Tristan nodded in agreement. Though, as time passed, a grin gradually crept up onto his lips. "But aren't you curious how strong Valyr has gotten since the last time we've seen him?" "…" In response, Damian remained silent as the two continued to walk to the inn, with Tristan grinning all the while. Eventually, just as they were about to enter the inn, Damian looked at the man beside him before briefly scratching his head in slight frustration. "Why theHeckdid you have to make me think about it? Now I can't help but be curious." Hearing Damian complain under his breath, Tristan let out a soft chuckle as the two of them placed their orders. "Of course, all this curiosity would be useless if he didn't come." Taking in a few deep breaths after they sat down, Damian was able to return his emotions to the way it was before. "Did he tell you that he'd return to the village before the tide erupts?" "Pretty sure you already know the answer to that since you saw me chat with him for a bit." In response, a relaxed smile adorned Tristan's face as he opened his mouth. "Naturally, the answer is yes." … Algerie Kingdom. "Thank goodness they haven't started yet." Closing up the screen in front of him, Valyr inwardly let out a long sigh of relief after getting a message from Tristan that the monster tide still hadn't erupted yet. With that, it did not take long for him to sort out his thoughts and affirm to himself that he was going to head to the village to keep his promise. Though, as he thought about the amount of time it would take for him to reach Astarto Village, Valyr eventually frowned. "I took around half a week to go from the village to Clossbay City on carriage. Then, it took around the same time for Wells and I to reach Algerie Kingdom from Clossbay City." "In short, if I head out right now and go on carriage, I would only be able to arrive at the village around a week for now." Slightly scratching his head as he mulled over the situation, Valyr thought out loud. "Even if I remove a day from the travel time if I don't stop by Clossbay City along the way, the monster tide would long be over by the time I get there." please visit "I think I'll have to ask Braum and the others about this." Making up his mind on what he was going to do, Valyr stood up from the floor before proceeding to do a bit of light stretching, alleviating the slight pain he felt after sitting cross-legged for too long. After that, he made his way to the bathrooms, checking in on Wells along the way, only to see that the man had activated [Technique Introspection] once more. Once he was finished showering and changed into a fresh set of clothes, he stopped by where Wells was sitting cross-legged before posing a question to the man, knowing that he could hear him. "I'm heading back to Astarto sometime around tomorrow to help them defend against the monster tide. Wanna tag along with me?" In response to the question, Wells gradually opened his eyes before contemplating over the suggestion in silence for a bit. Eventually, a slightly apologetic smile appeared on his face. "Is it fine with you if I don't come along? I'm actually close to evolving my main spear skill to the next grade." "No worries." Valyr nodded in response, not minding Wells' refusal at all. "I just thought it would be rude of me to not offer you the chance of heading back to the village in the first place. In any case, tell me more about your upgraded skill once I get back, okay?" "I appreciate the gesture, and I will." Nodding back, Wells took in a few deep breaths before returning to his introspective state, the apologetic smile on his face eventually disappearing around a minute into closing his eyes. "Guess I'll be doing this all on my own." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr turned around and made his way to the door, activating the chat function to send a message to Braum that he was going to meet up with him at the Imperial Production Guild's entrance. Obtaining a response from the latter that he'll be waiting for him, Valyr went ahead and activated [Enhanced Polymorph] before proceeding to head to where he and Braum would meet up. … "Hey, Braum. It's me." Waving at the man dressed in dull gray armor waiting by the entrance of the Imperial Production Guild, Valyr moved closer to the man before briefly deactivating [Enhanced Polymorph], allowing the man in front of him to recognize who he was. "You've grown stronger." Nodding back in response, Braum was about to greet Valyr, only for him to notice that the aura Valyr was exuding had become significantly stronger. With that, the man pondered over multiple possibilities as to how Valyr's aura could improve in just a day, eventually coming up with the possibility that seemed to be the most likely case. "Ascended?" "Also finally got a subclass." In response, Valyr nodded, to which Braum congratulated him on achieving both. "Anyways, I've got a couple of things to talk to you with. But before I go over those…" "Were you able to procure the items I asked for yesterday?" As this question escaped Valyr's mouth, Braum went silent for a bit. Eventually, the man nodded before giving Valyr a confident smile. "Fortunately, I was able to do so." "Follow me." Chapter 315: Plans Of Upgrading "Alright. Here we are." After walking through the corridors of the Imperial Production Guild for a while, Braum and Valyr eventually arrived within a secluded room at the far corners of the guild, prompting the latter to stand where he stood for a bit as he took in the sight that was in front of him, his eyes slightly widened in surprise. "A private workshop?" Muttering these words to himself as he looked at Braum beside him, Valyr took a few steps forward before taking in the sight once more, a solemn expression adorning his face. Though a thin layer of dust shrouded more or less everything that could be found within the room, Valyr found it nothing more than something a little bit of elbow grease couldn't remove. Nevertheless, the amount of forging tools and forging equipment that could be found within the room was enough to leave Valyr at a loss for words, with some of them even being able to mimic a decent chunk of what more advanced forging technology was capable of doing. Of course, as Veldanyr's level of technology was still considered to be somewhere around the medieval ages, then it did not surprise him to find out that all of these more advanced forging equipment operated on mana rather than pure machinery. "Fancying the place?" Noticing the eagerness within each movement Valyr made as he looked around the private workshop, a faint smile briefly appeared on Braum's face as he posed the question to the man. In response, Valyr looked back in silence for a few seconds before nodding without hesitation, continuing to look at the more advanced equipment that was in the room after that. Eventually, the latter shifted his attention from the advanced forging machinery towards the cloth bag that was placed on top of an anvil, the only anvil that could be found at the center of the private workshop. Noticing that there was next to no dust buildup on its surface, Valyr looked back at Braum and stared at him for a bit, asking through his gaze if the items he had asked the man to get was within the bag. In response, the man in dull gray armor nodded, prompting Valyr to nod back as he unfurled the knot keeping the bag shut, revealing all of the items he had asked for within an instant. "Young Wyvern Blood, Half Wyvern Scales, Azure Iron Essence…" Taking a look through the items within the bag, Valyr's body gradually filled up with excitement as his breathing turned slightly ragged. "You even got your hands on some Young Wyvern Scales…" "Just so you know, I had to exhaust a lot of my contribution points to get those scales." Hearing the words that came out of Braum's mouth, a bitter smile appeared on the man's face. Nevertheless, seeing the young man's reaction towards the items he had procured, he felt that spending quite a great amount of contribution points on those items were more than worth it. "The Imperial Production Guild even has Impure Mithril Fragments in stock?" Continuing to sift through the items Braum had procured, Valyr eventually brought out a shard that did not look like much, its color similarly dull when compared to other types of metals. However, once he had infused a bit of mana into the shard, blue veins started to spread throughout the shard as it soon gave out a faint blue glow, showing how conductive it was when it came to mana. "At first, the guild was unwilling to give them to me since such items were rare to come by from what they told me," said Braum in response to Valyr's words. "However, once they found out that it was you who was asking for them, all of the obstacles stopping me from buying those things instantly disappeared." "In fact, the guild even wanted me to tell you that you're free to use this private workshop for as long as you want while you're within the kingdom." Recalling that he had asked Valyr a couple of minutes earlier regarding his opinion of the private workshop, Braum decided to bring up what he was going to say earlier, lest he forgot to tell the young man one more time. Unsurprisingly, once he heard from Braum that he was free to use the private workshop he was currently in, it was as if all of the circuits within Valyr's mind stopped functioning properly, causing him to freeze up for a bit as he processed the information he had just gained. Eventually, Valyr returned to normal, taking in a few deep breaths as he looked back at Braum before asking the man, "Really?" "Really." Braum solemnly nodded. "Haah…" Seeing Braum nod back at his question, Valyr could not stop himself from letting out a long sigh, part of it filled with the feeling of exasperation, while most of it was filled with the feeling of excitement. After all, although he knew how to forge equipment with basic forging tools thanks to his past life, the amount of time he spent tinkering with such stuff only lasted for a short time. But with access to more advanced forging machinery, with some of them even having similar properties to tools he had used throughout the remaining time he played Greater Beyond as a player, he knew that the quality of his forged items would undergo a significant increase, with the chances of them being at a higher grade from the get-go not outside the realm of possibility. "It's fine if you don't want to answer, but ever since you asked me to get those items yesterday, I've gotten curious." Amidst the silence that surrounded the two of them after Valyr's sigh, Braum decided to break it as he asked the young man the question that had been bothering him since yesterday. "What are you planning to do with the items?" "Use it in
