a loud cackle. 'Urk.' Though, as if the heavens wanted him to recall the situation he was currently in, a sinking feeling washed over Valyr's body, reminding him that his combat strength was still in the process of declining by the second. Letting out a low sigh as a bitter smile replaced his earlier grin, the young man then made his way to the center of the large space, coming face to face with the five doors that would lead him to the other rooms. 'So far, I've obtained 15 Common grade Skill Keys and 2 Uncommon grade Skill Keys,' thought Valyr to himself as he calculated how much Skill Keys he would have by the time he finished the dungeon. 'If luck is on my side, I would be able to obtain all of the keys I need just from this one run alone.' 'If not, then whatever. It's not like I expected to get all of the keys in one run.' 'In any case, which door should I choose…' Rubbing his chin with his forefinger and thumb whilst he pondered, Valyr looked at the five doors once more, their positions on the walls of the large space being asymmetrical. In contrast, their design was more or less the same, being a dark gray barrier of energy that was in the shape of a door. Closing his eyes for a bit, Valyr tried to check and see if he could feel the amount of energy that was radiating from the other side of the door, only to find out that the dark gray barriers were preventing him from doing so. At this realization, a wry smile appeared on his face. 'Thought something would change since it's still before the first version. Turns out that still doesn't work, even though I could do it in other dungeons.' 'Anyways, since that doesn't work…' "Eenie meenie miney…" "Mo." Pointing his finger at the five entrances in random order, Valyr's finger eventually stopped at the door that was left to the rightmost door. With how the dungeon was procedurally generated and how he knew nothing about what was on the other side, the young man did not know too deeply about the choice, shrugging his shoulders as he soon passed through the dark gray barrier that he chose. eenel coｍ "Huh. Would you look at that. Another corridor." Unexpectedly, just as the barrier he passed through had turned pitch black, Valyr was greeted once more by what seemed to be another absurdly long corridor, prompting a bitter smile to appear on his face as he went ahead and did the same thing he had done during the previous corridor. Whoosh! With the amount of time he had been in the dungeon now more than half an hour, the innate skill his spear had was now at its maximum potency, reducing all of Valyr's stats by 30%. Or at least, that's what he thought would happen. 'To be honest, I thought it would carry over. After all, it's connected to the Mark of the Alltide.' Pondering over the specifics of the innate skill his spear had, it was only now did Valyr finally understand how the skill worked. Though he knew that his stats would decrease while he was in combat, he did not know what would happen once he was out of combat. Would the decrease in stats start over from the beginning once he began to fight again, or would it continue where he left off, becoming a perpetual 30% decrease in stats as long as he was fighting? Fortunately, it was the former, which he had just found out while he was exploring the new corridor he was in. Then again, he had thought of the former being the case for the skill, but he decided to think about the worst-case scenario, lest he were to be disappointed by his expectations. "Now that I think about it, there are still a ton of vague areas regarding the limits of this thing," muttered Valyr to himself, his spear extended as far as it could go as he zoomed through the corridor at breakneck speeds. "Also, I just realized I could still fight at full power without having my stats gradually decrease over time." "Hmm…" Deciding to test the idea that had surfaced in his mind, Valyr retracted the spear he was holding before affixing it to his back, feeling the slight weakness that got worse while killing the skeletons instantly disappear once he had done so. Taking note of the discovery to mind as a faint smile adorned his face, he then extended both arms out, only for blades made out of crimson flame to manifest around them soon after. "[Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation]." "[Crimson Dual Blades]." Whoosh! "Well, I guess I'll be using these things for the meantime." Taking a deep breath as he slowly got used to the blades of crimson flame he was holding, Valyr burst forth with great speed once more, allowing the crimson flames to do its thing as it rendered the skeletons along his path into a pile of ashes. "Hahaha! It's like nothing even changed at all." "Now… I wonder what would happen if I were evolve the skill to Uncommon grade?" Chapter 384: Limits Of One’s Vengeance A considerable amount of time had passed since Valyr entered the Common Caves to grind for Skill Keys. With his small bout of experimentation during the second room allowing him to figure out how he could tap into his entire combat strength at all times, the young man was able to speed through the succeeding rooms of the dungeon without much problem, reaching the eighth room within two hours of his entry. Of course, the experimentation he had done at the beginning of the second room did not end there, instead continuing it as he passed through the next few rooms he entered, wanting to know more and more about the limits of the innate skill his spear had. Whoosh! Whoosh! Zooming through yet another absurdly long corridor, Valyr moved at insanely high speeds thanks to the help of Wind-attribute magic. Aside from that, both of his arms, which were extended during the beginning of the second room, were not extended anymore, instead allowing multiple blades of crimson flames to circle around his body as it rendered every skeleton the blades made contact with into a pile of ashes. At this point, if one were to look at Valyr, one wouldn't even think of him as a spearman at all. 'I look more like a mage than a spearman right now.' Naturally, even Valyr had similar thoughts as he looked at his current self. Though, with how fast he was proceeding through the rooms of the Common Caves, a grin slowly crept up on his lips, only for him to let out a bit of laughter soon after. While he was figuring out how far the effects of [Tidemother's Vengeance] extended in detrimentally affecting his stats, it was only then did Valyr realize that his current fighting style more or less revolved around his trusty spear. Of course, one would not be able to fault him, considering that it was the weapon he had the most experience with, as well as the weapon he was confident in being able to dish out the damage. However, that was only when [Tidemother's Vengeance] wasn't taken into consideration. Because of [Tidemother's Vengeance], the detrimental innate skill his spear had, Valyr was made privy to the fact that his bouts where he would mainly use the spear would now be short-lived. Though, after finding out more and more about it thanks to his experimentation in the Common Caves, he now found it more accurate to say that his attacks with the spear, as well as the skills he had that complemented the spear, were now considered his ultimate moves. After all, his Attack stat now scaled off of DEX rather than STR due to his subclass. And his DEX stat was currently his highest stat. With that, he wondered for a bit as what would take his spear's place as his main fighting style. Then again, with how his stats were distributed, as well as his current circumstances in play, the answer to that question did not take too long to appear. Magic and summoning. "If not for that innate skill, I would've probably continued using the spear as my main method of combat," said Valyr to himself as he noticed that he was getting near the large area of the eighth room. "Of course, there's nothing really wrong with that." "But because of the innate skill, I am left with no choice but to spread out and use other methods of combat, utilizing magic and summoning to fight, both of which I don't have a lot of experience in." "Then again, that's only when I compare it to how much time I spent with the spear." Chuckling at the thought, Valyr reminded himself to get a few rudimentary summoning skills once he returned to Algerie City, thinking that it would serve as a nice complement to his magic. "Huh. Now that I think about it, the three complement each other. The spear is my arsenal of ultimate moves, the magic is my main line of offense and support, while summoning is my main line of defense." Finding the thought interesting, the young man went ahead and swiftly cleared the large space before him, manifesting Fire-attribute and Wind-attribute magic together to form a massive fire tornado that wiped out all of the skeletons within the space. 'It still doesn't compare to [Tide of the Dark Night] on how terrifying it is, though.' Commanding the system to bring up a notification screen to see how many Skill Keys had dropped, Valyr let out a soft chuckle at the thought. 'Or maybe that's just me.' 'Three Common grade Skill Keys.' While looking at the notification screen he had brought up, Valyr made his way to the center of the room before choosing a door by random, inwardly nodding in satisfaction as he headed through the door at the very center. 'With this, I now have more than enough Skill Keys to evolve all of my Common grade skills to Uncommon grade.' 'On the other hand, the Uncommon grade Skill Keys…' Allowing the barrier of energy behind him to turn pitch black after passing through it, Valyr briefly spared a glance at what was ahead of him, noticing that the path before him seemed to lead to a labyrinth of sorts. Briefly shrugging his shoulders after having gone through the ordeal twice in the past eight rooms, Valyr cast Wind-attribute magic on himself to increase his movement speed before extending his hand to the right side of the wall, making sure to not let go as he began to traverse the labyrinth. 'Seven Uncommon grade Skill Keys so far…' Closing up the notification screen he had brought up once he was done counting the number of Uncommon grade Skill Keys he had amassed, Valyr focused his attention on the labyrinth he was traversing, only for his mind to wander not long after as he thought about other things he had to do once he was done evolving his skills. "Hmm… Once I get back to Algerie City, I should allocate all of my Technology Points as soon as possible. I think it would be more than enough to unlock that advancement?" Muttering these words to himself, a hint of excitement welled up within Valyr's body as he thought about it. Though the advancement did not seem like much in the grand scheme of things, only being an advancement in the Technology Tree's Innovation branch that could only be found in the latter portion of advancements corresponding to the Medieval Ages, to Valyr, it was his gateway to the second type of weapon he had come to know and love during his time in Greater Beyond as a player. In fact, he felt like everything he had done so far was to unlock this specific advancement, an advancement that he felt would allow his progress to become faster than it already was. As to what this specific advancement was, it was something that could be summed up in one word. Guns. Chapter 385: The Runic Parchments Standing near the entrance of the final room as he watched a maelstrom of wind and water tear the great number of skeletons apart within the large space before him, a faint smile gradually crept up onto Valyr's lips as he opened up his notification screen, making a final tally of the number of Skill Keys he had obtained. 'In total, I've gained 44 Common grade Skill Keys and 9 Uncommon grade Skill Keys from this run,' thought Valyr to himself as he made his way to the only door that could be found on the walls of the final room. 'Compared to the results I've gotten grinding the Common Caves in the past, this run is surprisingly one of the luckier ones.' "In any case, time to head to the Uncommon Depths." With the thought lingering in his mind, Valyr stood in front of the door that would lead him out of the dungeon. Compared to the other doors he had gone through, which were just dark gray barriers in the shape of a door, the door before him looked just like any other door he had passed through, though it bore the greatest resemblance with the doors he had opened during his time at the Astarto Goblin Den. With that, he gripped the handle of the door and twisted it, only to stop all of a sudden once he felt something beckoning for his attention. Turning his head to look at the now empty final room, Valyr pushed his senses to their utmost limits to find out where the feeling was coming from, wondering whether what he had sensed was real or not. Unexpectedly, after a minute of looking around, Valyr eventually found the thing that was beckoning for his attention, staring at what seemed to be a slightly tattered piece of parchment on the floor. At first, Valyr pondered to himself as to what was so special about the parchment for it to catch his attention, picking it up to get a closer look at it. Of course, the answer to his question was swiftly obtained once he took a look at the other side. Bang! At the very moment he had gotten a glance of what was on the other side, a strong wave of pain assaulted his mind, causing him to tumble a couple of steps back as he tried to stabilize himself, confused as to what was going on. Clutching his head as he felt that the thing he had seen on the parchment was the root cause of this pain, Valyr tried to gaze it once more, only for another wave of pain to assault his mind. "Nngh!" As the first wave of pain had not fully subsided yet, the young man was forced to grit his teeth, allowing him to ignore the mental anguish he felt as he focused on the pain he felt from tight gritting. After that, he allowed the mental pain he felt to subside, taking in a few deep breaths as he pondered over the current situation. 'So, I've gotten my hands on a piece of parchment that inflicts great mental pain whenever I look at the side that has something on it,' muttered Valyr inwardly. 'Should I just leave the parchment here and continue with what I should be doing… or should I try and figure out what's on the parchment?' Allowing these questions to linger in his mind for a bit as he weighed the pros and cons of each decision, Valyr eventually came to the conclusion that he was going to do the latter, looking at the parchment with something on it once more without hesitation. Bang! "With high risk comes high reward." Feeling the wave of pain from looking at the parchment wash over his mind once more, Valyr gritted his teeth in preparation for the same level of pain he had felt from the two waves earlier, only to find out that the pain he felt this time around was considerably less than what it was before. e. c Realizing this, Valyr sucked in a breath of cold air as a thought quickly surfaced in his mind, a thought that he instantly deemed incredibly idiotic. 'This is going to hurt for sure.' "Aaaaaggghhhh!!!" Steeling his mind in preparation for what he was going to experience, Valyr directly stared at the side of the parchment with something on it, allowing his mind to be constantly bombarded by the waves of pain he had gone through earlier. At first, he felt that the pain he experienced from constantly looking at the parchment was in no way worse than the pain he had gone through while he was learning the skill books he had bought en masse, only for him to fuse a great portion of those skill books en masse as well. Fortunately, after a minute or so, this pain started to gradually died down, giving Valyr more and more breathing room the more time passed. Eventually, by the time he had endured thirty minutes of constant mental anguish, the pain he felt from looking at the parchment now seemed to be a thing of the past, with Valyr finally becoming able to look at the parchment directly. "Runes?" Once Valyr was finally able to look at the occupied side of the parchment in its entirety, the first thing the young man noticed was the great number of runes etched on it, all of which were at a size that only seemed possible for a Rank 4 mage to etch at the very least. Though, with the energy he could sense from the runes, all of them containing a faint hint of terrifying intent to it, he was somewhat certain that the being who had etched these runes was possibly a Legend, perhaps even a Myth. 'Is this forming a magic circle of sorts?' Looking at the placement of the runes for a bit longer, Valyr noticed that the runes were arranged in a way where they seemed to make up a part of a larger magic circle, prompting him to think that the parchment seemed to have a part of an incredibly strong magic spell. However, just as he was about to rummage through his memories to see what kind of spell it might be… Ding! [You have received a new quest: The Runic Parchments.] Chapter 386: Entering The Uncommon Depths Ding! [The Runic Parchments] (Quest) Difficulty: C Stumbling across a random parchment at the end of the Common Caves, you decided to take a look at what it contains, only to be forced back by a wave of mental anguish. However, with your incredible tenacity and determination, you eventually found out that the parchment contains a set of runes, runes whose size was incomprehensible for someone of your rank. Looking at it for a bit more, you noticed that the runes were arranged in a manner that would make a greater part of a whole, a part of a magic circle, to be more exact. With that, you've decided to find the other parts making up the magic circle, wondering what kind of secrets the parchments truly hold. Fortunately, all of them could be found within the dungeons you're currently traversing. Quest Objectives: > Find the 1st Runic Parchment within the Common Caves (1/1) > Find the 2nd Runic Parchment within the Uncommon Depths (0/1) > Find the 3rd Runic Parchment within the Rare Abyss (0/1) Quest Rewards: > ??? Quest Penalty: en. c > ??? "Question marks for the rewards and the penalty…" Rubbing his chin as he finished reading the description of the quest he had just received, Valyr eventually scratched the back of his head as he closed the screen before him, letting out a faint sigh as he decided to place the parchment he had picked up in his spatial bracelet for the meantime. "Well, if it's any consolation prize, I don't need to deviate from my original objective in this place," said Valyr to himself as he finally passed through the final door, appearing back at the entrance of the Common Caves not long after. Turning to look at the sky to see how much time was left before sunset, Valyr looked at the two other entrances to his left before deciding to head back to the outpost for now, seeing that it was already a bit past afternoon. With that, he swiftly headed into the only eatery within the outpost and got his order taken by one of the waiters, giving him time to think about the quest he received at the end of his first dungeon run while he waited for his order to arrive. 'The runic parchments… I definitely haven't come across any of this back when I was a player…' Rummaging through his treasure trove of memories from back when he was still a player, Valyr eventually found no mention of the parchments in his memories at all, prompting him to think that the parchments weren't a thing during the public release of Greater Beyond. 'Well, there is also the possibility that a player might have come across the parchments while they were grinding in the dungeons of Lesser Meltierre Mountains and kept the quest all to themselves.' At this thought, Valyr faintly shrugged his shoulders, letting out a faint sigh. 'In any case, it doesn't change the fact that I'm going at this blind.' 'Then again, I could say the same thing for almost all of the quests I've accepted so far.' Valyr let out a soft chuckle, only for the plate of food he had ordered to arrive a few seconds later. 'After all, none of these quests I've had experience completing back when I was still a player.' 'Moving all of that aside, what are the runic parchments for?' Beginning
