had just seen. "Valyr!" Chapter 560: Birth Of The Aegis "Va... lyr!" "Valyr... wake... up...!" "Wake up, Valyr!" "Mngh..." Letting out a groan as he gradually regained consciousness, Valyr looked around his surroundings for a bit, clutching his head as waves of pain radiated from it. "What the..." Just as he wondered whether or not he was hearing voices, the young man eventually noticed a familiar being appear at the workshop's entrance, dashing towards him after seeing he was awake. "Braum?" "You're finally awake..." said Braum, letting out a loud sigh of relief as he looked at the young man with a hint of worry. "You scared me, you know?" "What... what happened?" Finally regaining the entirety of his consciousness, the young man closed his eyes for a bit before looking at Braum for answers. "You tell me." In response, Braum looked back at him. "Earlier, I was waiting around the entrance of the Blacksmith Guild since you said the two of us would meet up there. However, even after waiting for a while, you didn't come." "So, I decided to head into the Blacksmith Guild myself to see if you were in here," added the man. "Lo and behold, I find out that you were on the workshop floor out cold. What the heck have you been doing to yourself?" "Wait... what time is it?" Though he already had an answer to the man's final statement, the young man decided to focus on the first statement, taking a look outside the window's workshop to get his answer. "Darn it..." Seeing that the sun was close to reaching the zenith once more, the young man inwardly admonished himself for not noticing the passage of time. Then again, after a while, he let out a long sigh, feeling sorry for the man who had arrived instead. "I'm sorry I wasn't able to uphold my part of the deal," said Valyr to Braum, who could only look back at him with a raised eyebrow. "That doesn't really matter at the moment." Braum shook his head. "After all, you were on the workshop floor unconscious." "That was because I was up all night working on something." Hearing the man repeat his words from earlier, a wry smile appeared on the young man's face as he replied. "Something you'd be glad to find out now that it's done." "Are you... are you serious?" Getting an idea of what the young man was hinting at, Braum did not know whether to feel excitement or more concern. After all, if what he was thinking was correct... The armor set he requested Valyr to forge was already done. "Well, if anything, it's the reason why you found me on the floor unconscious." Letting out a bit of a mocking chuckle, Valyr nodded in response, finally recalling what had transpired for things to turn out this way. While he was in the midst of forging Braum's armor set, the young man felt like he had gained a greater understanding of things out of nowhere, prompting him to realize that [Flow] had unknowingly activated at some point. Not wanting to let the chance pass up, he abandoned the thoughts of going to sleep as he wanted to maximize the effects of [Flow] on Braum's equipment. eno.om Then again, even though he had abandoned any thoughts of sleep for the meantime, that did not mean he abandoned the thoughts of taking a break. It was just that, by the time he had finished the final piece of the armor set, he decided to give himself a long break before deciding to take some actual rest. However, with how far he had overexerted his body, his body was the one that ended up deciding for him, causing him to eventually fall on the floor unconscious at some point in his rest. "I..." Hearing from Valyr that he was the one that indirectly caused the former's earlier state, Braum began to feel a bit of guilt. For a moment, he was at a crossroads on what he should do next. Fortunately, after a bit of silent ponderation, a brilliant idea flashed in his mind. With the thought in mind, he looked at Valyr with renewed confidence as he faintly smiled. "You know what? Consider the information you're requesting from me free of charge." As Braum said these words all of a sudden, the young man looked at the man before him with his mouth agape. After all, he was expecting the man to still charge him for the information. Though, as he pondered over why Braum decided to tell him something like that, it did not take long for him to put two and two together in his mind. Bitterly smiling at the realization for a brief moment, he did not know whether he should feel guilty or feel glad that Braum had changed his mind. In the end, he let his pragmatic side take over. "I'll have to thank you in advance, then." Giving Braum words of sincere gratitude, Valyr went ahead and led the man to the armor set he had forged for the former. Naturally, with the materials and the effort he had put into it, Braum was left in a state of awe after looking at it. With the overall armor set taking on a color that was part brown and gray, there were many areas on the armor that were accentuated by light gray metal, giving the armor a feeling that it would suit someone that was part of a military unit or something similar. However, if one were to ignore the external appearance of the armor, one would instead come to face with the intimidating aura it passively emanated, making one feel as if one was standing in front of a mountain that seemed to have a limitless peak. "Does... does this armor set have a name?" Taking a while to remove himself from the aura the armor radiated, Braum looked at the young man behind him and asked. "To be honest, I haven't given it a name yet," said Valyr in response, looking at Braum with a soft smile. "Perhaps you would like to give the set a name?" "Me?" Pointing at himself, the man looked back at the young man with surprise written all over his face. "Are you sure?" "I wouldn't have asked the question in the first place if I wasn't." Seeing the young man nod in response to his question, Braum scratched his head for a bit before letting out a faint sigh. Then, falling into a pensive state, the man went through the various ideas that lingered in his head. "Ah. Got it." Eventually, after a couple of minutes, Braum felt like he had a fitting name for the armor set, looking at the young man with a calm yet confident expression. "How about we go with..." "Aegis." Chapter 561: A Fair Exchange "Aegis it is, then," said Valyr in response, to which the system promptly responded by sending him a series of notifications. Ding! [You have renamed the item 'Unnamed Helmet' to 'Aegis Helmet'.] [You have renamed the item 'Unnamed Pauldrons' to 'Aegis Pauldrons'.] ... [You have renamed the item 'Unnamed Boots' to 'Aegis Boots'.] While multiple notification sounds resounded in his mind, as if responding to the name it had received, the armor set radiated a faint glow. From what the two could tell, it seemed as if the armor set was delighted with the name Braum chose, feeling as if it were the perfect name for the set. '[Greater Analysis].' As he let Braum get up close with the armor set and test it out, the young man went ahead and used his identification skill on one of the pieces to see if anything about it changed after being given a name. And surprisingly enough, something did. Ding! [(+10) Aegis Chestplate] (Level 75) Rarity: Epic Defense: 835 - 1391 Forge Quality: Exceptional Additional Attributes: > VIT +48 >STR +41 Initially an unnamed piece of armor that was forged from extraordinary materials by an incredibly prodigious blacksmith, this chestplate was given new life after it had been named Aegis, a name that resonated greatly with the spirit residing within. Being forged under the greatest level of concentration the blacksmith could achieve, this chestplate has been imbued with the Hammer of Beginnings' [Breath of Earth], taking on the properties of the Earth element in order to bolster its defense even further. Nevertheless, even without the imbuing of the Earth element, this piece of armor is already something many people would kill for. With it imbued, the experience and level of craftsmanship of the blacksmith only becomes more obvious. <Innate Skill 1: Heart of the Aegis - Increases the user's maximum HP and Defense stat by 10%. Also increases the user's VIT by 5%.> <Innate Skill 2: Aegis Awakening - Allows the user to cast a mana barrier around their body, reducing the amount of damage taken by 25% for 5 minutes. Has a small chance to reflect attacks back at 50% of their original strength. Cooldown: 10 minutes. Cost: 5,000 MP.> <Aegis Set | 1/6> 3 pieces: HP and Def +15% 6 pieces: VIT +10%, Damage Reduction +10% Note: This is a piece of armor solely made for those with the aim of protecting others. 'The innate skills definitely changed.' By the time he was done reading through the armor's updated description, Braum had already exchanged the armor set he was currently wearing with the Aegis armor set. In less than an instant, the aura being radiated by his body underwent a substantial increase, making him give off the feeling that he was some sort of impenetrable wall no one could go through. And that was only the man's passive aura coming into play. "This..." Getting more and more used to his new armor set, Braum eventually looked at the young man with a series of expression flashing across his face. Though, after looking at Valyr for a bit more, a wry smile crept up onto his lips. On one hand, he felt immense gratitude and excitement since the armor set Valyr forged for him had undoubtedly boosted his combat strength multiple times. If his hunch was correct, he could give peak Rank 5 beings a run for the money, even without activating his Intent. However, on the other, he still felt immense guilt from the fact that the young man had collapsed after he had finished making the armor set. Of course, he told Valyr that the information the latter requested from him would now be free of charge in exchange. Yet, now that he was wearing the entire armor set and experiencing its effects firsthand... He realized that it wasn't enough. "You know what..." Letting out a somewhat exasperated sigh after pondering over his next action, a determined expression eventually appeared on Braum's face as he looked at the young man. "What is it?" Raising his eyebrows in curiosity, Valyr waited for Braum to continue his words. "From now on, any piece of information you request from me will be free of charge," said the man as he continued where he left off, prompting the young man to look at him with his eyes wide open. "Whether it be as complicated as the one you're requesting right now, to something simple like the weather for the next few days, all of it will be free from now on," added Braum not long after, which only added onto the curiosity and confusion Valyr was feeling. Then again, it did not take long for the young man to understand the cause of the man's sudden shift in personality, faintly smirking as he looked at the armor set the latter was wearing. "Once again, I'll be thanking you in advance." Knowing that the two of them would just go in circles if he were to ask Braum the reason behind it, Valyr decided to thank the man outright, causing the former to look back at him with a smile. "You know... we've talked a lot about other things that I almost forgot the main reason why I came here." Letting out a faint chuckle as the man regained his original train of thought, Braum infused a bit of his mana into his spatial bracelet, bringing out a stack of documents that he carefully gave to Valyr. "What information is in this, exactly?" Though he was slightly surprised by the amount of documents Braum had brought out for him, Valyr already expected himself to have through such a great amount of information in the first place. With that, he began to skim through the various documents as Braum explained what he had given. "Well, most of it goes into the hierarchy of the Zeihardt clan in detail," said Braum to the young man. "The main Imperial clan, the various Royal clans, as well as the numerous noble clans under it as all explained in the documents in detail." "I see." Nodding in response, Valyr continued to read through the documents, only to find out that the man's words were true. "Anything else?" bvel.m "Aside from that, the documents also go through some of the most important people that reside within the clan," replied Braum, prompting Valyr to skim through the documents once more. "Though it doesn't go into their strength in detail, it does go through their level of authority within the clan." "Uh huh." Nodding once more, the young man eventually found the documents that listed down the important people Braum had just mentioned. Unsurprisingly, at the very moment he began to read through those documents, a few words instantly came to mind. "Darn." "That's a lot more than I thought." Chapter 562: Beings of Importance Though the documents talking about the important people within the Zeihardt clan was only a fraction of the thickness that talked about the hierarchy of the clan in detail, the number of people being talked about in the documents still numbered over a couple thousand. Fortunately, after skimming a bit more through the documents, Valyr soon noticed that these people were separated between three levels of importance, with most of these people being designated a low level of importance. Then again, even though a lot of them were considered low importance, the level of authority, strength, and the feats they've achieved were still a lot for the young man to take in. After all, the greatest achievement he had achieved so far was the creation of a new artifact. In comparison to the things done by these people, his achievement could only be considered slightly more praiseworthy. Moving away from the people that were of low importance, the young man soon found himself reading through the information of people that were designated a middle level of importance, all of which had profiles far more striking than the ones he had earlier. Of course, with how Valyr continued to read through the documents, he eventually noticed that the distribution of people among the three levels of importance seemed to be triangular in form, with those at the middle level of importance numbering in the dozens. On the other hand, those at the low level of importance made up most of the list. Reading through some of the information of those at the middle level, Valyr wasn't surprised to read through the feats some of them had achieved, as well as the positions they currently had in the clan. In fact, the same could be said for their level of strength, with the weakest among them being in the middle levels of Rank 5. In comparison, the strengths of those at low importance varied between the early levels of Rank 2 to early levels of Rank 5. After skimming through the people at middle importance, Valyr eventually found the most prominent one out of all of them, wielding a level of strength that only those with great talent could ever hope to wield. The level of a Legend. Matching the man's strength were the numerable feats he had achieved, such as making a great contribution to multiple previous wars, as well as founding a couple of kingdoms under the Zeihardt Sovereignty. "Julius Augustus Zeihardt..." muttered the young man, committing the name to memory. After all, even though the man wasn't designated as one of those with the topmost level of importance, his contribution to the human race overall still wasn't something to be trifled with. "Now for the high levels." Feeling like he had read through enough of the feats those at the middle level of importance had achieved, Valyr finally shifted his attention towards the people designated with a high level of importance, which numbered only five in total. The first one was named Alexander, known for his contribution of expanding the human race's territory by tenfold during one of his expeditions. Wielding a level of strength that already hovered around the level of Myths, he was known by many people as Alexander the Great Conqueror. . It did not help that the man was a Herald of the clan as well. As for the second one, though she was not a Herald of the clan, she was still considered by many to have a level of talent equivalent to Heralds of the clan. Taking on the name Claudine, she had made the Zeihardt clan prosper financially, prompting her to be sought after by the Sovereign because of it. Unsurprisingly, with her talent, she was also able to make the entire sovereignty prosper, starting a golden age whose effects were still palpable up to the present. "Albert Rutherford Zeihardt..." Taking his time to digest the information he had obtained over the two previous people, Valyr moved onto the third person, whose feats seemed to be closely aligned with what he aimed to achieve in the future. Being known as the Monarch of Innovation before Hal had awakened during the War of the Three Sovereignties, Albert had improved the level of technology throughout the entire sovereignty by a couple of centuries, allowing it to reach a level that considerably nearer to the Intermediate Middle Ages. Then again, as one of the two people on the list that had transcended mortality and became a Myth, his pursuit for innovation still hasn't stopped, establishing an organization solely dedicated to bringing the level of technology of the human race forward. "Melissa Zeihardt." Thinking for a bit that it would be nice to turn out into someone like Albert, the young man soon moved onto the fourth person on the list, which was actually a Herald of the clan like Alexander. However, rather than utilize this gift to pursue greater personal power, she instead used it to form a military organization that had a level of power on par with the military of the Zeihardt Sovereignty. But not only that, she had also made this military organization swear allegiance to the entirety of the Zeihardt clan, solidifying the clan's position even further as the strongest clan of the human race. "And with that..." Moving onto the final person on the list, Valyr wasn't surprised to see this name pop up, especially with the position the person currently wielded within the clan. "We move on to Ophiuchus Zeihardt." Unlike the feats the first four people on the list had achieved, most of the feats Ophiuchus had achieved were all for the sake of the prosperity of the clan. Though he was not able to reach the same level of prominence as the others, he was able to emulate their achievements to a certain extent, being known by many as the Monarch of All Trades. With such talent, it was no surprise that he had become the current leader of the entire Zeihardt clan, being the other person on the list to have transcended mortality and reach the level of Myths. Ding! [You have completed part of the requirements for the quest: The Future of Humanity (2).] [Obtain information regarding the existing hierarchy within the Zeihardt clan (1/1)] 'Huh. That was far easier than I thought.' Hearing a notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr went ahead and took a look at it, briefly widening his eyes in surprise. 'I should thank Braum.' After that, he placed the documents he had received to the side, hoping to show his gratitude to the man that gave him the information in the first place. Unfortunately, just as he was about to do so, Braum was nowhere to be found within the workshop, prompting the young man to think that the man had left while he was engrossed in reading through the documents. "I'll have to thank him some other time," said the young man to himself, taking in a deep breath as he felt reenergized. Doing a few light stretches after being stuck in one pose for so long, the young man eventually shifted his attention to the simple-looking box he had gotten from Julian, opening it with a slight smile. "For now..." "I guess it's time to work on my armor." Chapter 563: Upgrading Something Essential At the very moment those words left the young man's mouth, he had fully opened the simple-looking box, revealing what was within. In it was an orb that looked similar to the Shadow Serpent Orb Valyr had gotten back then, though there seemed to be a tinge of color to it. Aside from that, there seemed to be an oppressive feeling being faintly emanated by the orb, something Valyr was already expecting due to the orb's origin. After admiring the orb for its appearance and presence for a bit more, the young man moved the opened box to the side as he planned out his steps. . "As far as I can remember, I should upgrade the chestplate first." Recalling the guide he followed back then to upgrade his armor, the young man eventually remembered the step that came after the armor's current form. Taking his time to make sure that he had recalled everything, only did the young man start moving. "Out of all the pieces making up this upgraded version of the armor, only the
