"That's pretty much everything, I guess." Checking one more time to see if he had forgotten anything, it was only then did the young man finally leave the workshop, bringing along many items with him in tow. For the meantime, he was going to make a detour to where Wells and Edward were. Chapter 571: A Parting Conversation "And thus, he decides to finally show up." Opening the door that led to the room they were staying in, Valyr was instantly greeted by a mocking voice, prompting him to bitterly smile in response. "What took you so long?" "I was holed up in the Blacksmith Guild all this time." Staring at the man before him that had his arms crossed, Valyr faintly chuckled. "Doesn't my current appearance already make that obvious?" "How would I know whether the items you brought along were forged or bought?" In response, Wells looked back at the young man with a raised eyebrow, only to let out a bit of laughter not long after as he put down his arrogant facade. "Man, keeping that up was hard." "Anyways, it's been a while." Sharing a bit of laughter between the two of them, the man went ahead and embraced Valyr before proceeding to catch up on what the other side was doing during the time they had not seen each other. "Seriously, you upgraded your armor set in preparation for the inheritance?" Listening to Valyr recount what he had done during the past few days, Wells' eyes widened in disbelief. "Hasn't your armor set already reached Epic grade or something?" "It has." Valyr nodded, taking off the set of armor as he moved all of them to his portion of the room one by one. "However, we don't know what I might come across within the inheritance, so I enhanced my armor just for safe measure." "How about the items you've been carrying on your back?" With Valyr moving back and forth from his part of the room to the main living area multiple times, it did not take long for Wells to notice the two other items on the young man's back aside from his spear. In fact, seeing that there was another spear on Valyr's back, a few expectant thoughts popped up in the man's mind. Though, with the young man talking about the inheritance and how he was preparing for it, Wells eventually thought that Valyr had forged the spear for the inheritance. Which was why Wells was left at a loss for words when the young man gave the other spear to him. "One of them is something I might be using in the inheritance," replied Valyr with a slight grin, referring to the primitive gun he had made. "As for the other spear I brought along with me, it's naturally something I forged that was meant for you." "This…" Feeling at a slight loss for words, Wells could only stare at the simple-looking spear that was given to him, thinking that its appearance was not much different from the metal spear he had been using all this time. However, with his senses being enhanced after ascending through the ranks, he knew that an immense amount of strength slumbered within the spear, just waiting for him to tap into it. "…" Unsurprisingly, the man only became even more speechless once he took a look at the spear's stats. Being a massive improvement to the spear he was wielding before, Wells truly did not know what to say, even going so far as to faintly wonder whether his friend would charge him for the spear. "With how I've been mostly forging stuff for myself and for money, I realized that I haven't really forged anything for you yet." Fortunately, such thoughts were non-existent in the young man's mind, instead feeling happy for his good friend for getting his hands on an incredibly good spear. "Because of that, you don't have to pay me anything back for this one." At those words, Wells felt tears starting to well up around his eyes, inwardly questioning himself as to why he had gotten emotional all of a sudden. Nevertheless, he eventually let those tears flow, silently sobbing as the young man gave him some alone time. . … "So, you gained a subclass from Elder Noel?" After Wells had stopped crying, the two of them continued where their conversation had left off, with Wells narrating to Valyr about what he had done in the Spearman Guild. "Yeah." As he nodded in response, Wells thought about the other item Valyr had on his back, prompting him to ask about it in their conversation earlier. With the young man only telling him that it was a unique type of ranged weapon, he was forced to move onto another topic, talking about his experiences involving Noel with a slight grin. "I don't know if you had anything to do it, but once people from the Spearman Guild found out that I had the True Spear Scholar class, Elder Noel instantly approached and offered me a subclass that would synergize with my current class well." "Perhaps, you could even say that it's a better fit compared to the subclass you wanted to give me," added the man not long after, prompting Valyr to let out a faint chuckle in response. "As long as you think it synergizes with your main class well, then that's great," said Valyr, only for a question to pop up in his mind not long after. "Speaking of which, where's Edward?" "At the Spearman Guild." Hearing those words from Wells, the young man widened his eyes in slight surprise. Fortunately, just as he was about to ask why the kid was there, his good friend began to explain. "After I had gotten the subclass from Elder Noel, I brought Edward to the Experience Pit just like you said," Wells told Valyr, to which the latter nodded as he continued to listen. "I don't know if this was the reason why you brought him in, but Edward is actually pretty good at combat with all things considered." "He was so good, in fact, that Elder Noel, who decided to tag along since he had nothing else to do that day, decided to make Edward his direct disciple." "Is that so?" At those words, Valyr did not know whether to laugh or cry. After all, according to his past life, the kid had picked up the way of the sword at first, only to comprehend a sword concept after that, beginning his journey to becoming the Grand Marshal of the Zeihardt Sovereignty. However, perhaps as a joke by the heavens, or perhaps due to his influence, Edward had begun his journey in combat by picking up the way of the spear instead, which was something he and Wells were also following. 'I guess I've drastically changed the storyline of this world yet again.' Bitterly chuckling on the inside, Valyr could only let out a sigh as he and Wells continued their conversation, only stopping after both of them had fully caught up with what the other was doing. Chapter 572: Final Preparations "I don't know how long I'll be out to explore the inheritance, but do take care of Edward while I'm gone." Seeing that their conversation was over, Valyr took a look outside one of the room's windows to check the time, only for his eyes to widen in surprise as he found out a couple of hours had passed. Taking opportunity of the fact that the two had pretty much said everything they needed to say, the young man placed the primitive gun he had forged into his part of the room before bidding farewell to his friend to the meantime, telling him that he was heading to the Boundless Skill Pavilion. In response, Wells told him to take care of himself while he was out, to which the young man responded in a nod as the door leading out their room was eventually closed. Staring at the closed door for a while, the expression on Wells' face changed multiple times. By the end of it, he let out a sigh as he headed back to his part of the room, the thoughts currently swirling in his mind unknown to the others. As for Valyr, after leaving the inn the three of them were staying in, the young man swiftly made his way to the Boundless Skill Pavilion to grab some skills he felt were essential during his exploration of the Four Pillars' Inheritance. Considering that he would still return to the inn once he was finished with his shopping spree, he did not bother wearing his upgraded armor set, only making sure that [Enhanced Polymorph] was active along the way. Once there, one of the attendants came up to him and asked him as to what kind of skills he wanted to buy from the pavilion. Knowing exactly what skills he would need for the inheritance tomorrow, the young man directly told the attendant helping him the names of the skills, prompting the attendant to go silent for a bit. "Please follow me, sir." Thankfully, it did not take long for the attendant to give Valyr a response, urging the latter to follow them as they traversed a considerable portion of the Boundless Skill Pavilion. Eventually, the two of them arrived at a part of the pavilion the young man was familiar with, which was the section containing passive skill books. 'It's a shame I can't comprehend the original skills again after combining them into a new skill,' thought the young man himself as he searched through the various bookshelves before him. 'If I could, I would've bought those passive skills again. Imagine how strong I would become if those skills stacked with [Unearthed Innate Potential]?' Allowing his mind to briefly daydream about such possibilities, Valyr went ahead and grabbed [Innate Regeneration] and [Innate Energy Regeneration] from one of the bookshelves in front of him. Unlike the other passive skills in the past with the word 'Innate' on them, these two skills had not been part of the combination, allowing its effects to stack with the boosted regeneration brought by [Unearthed Innate Potential]. Heading to another part of the passive skill book section, the young man then shifted his thoughts to skills that went beyond combat. Considering that he and the others would be probably be exploring the inheritance for quite a long time, Valyr thought that it wouldn't be bad to complement his current skill set with lifestyle skills. With that, he went ahead and grabbed [Basic Cooking], [Basic First Aid], and [Basic Mending]. Thinking about whether or not there were other lifestyle skills he had missed, the young man eventually thought that he had pretty much grabbed all of the passive skills he deemed necessary for this journey, prompting him and the attendant to head to the active skill book section. … 'Hmm… now that I think about it, I don't really have a lot of defensive skills in my arsenal.' Arriving at another part of the Boundless Skill Pavilion, the thought arose in the young man's mind. Though he did have skills that bolstered his defense, such as [Defense Aura+], it was not a skill that truly defended against an attack. Of course, he did have [Dark Serpentine Repulsion] from [Shadow Serpent Combat Style], which was a defensive skill in every sense of the word. However, with how his strength would weaken the longer he used the spear in combat, he considered the skill as something he'd only use when extremely needed. With that, he felt like he had to obtain a couple of actual defensive skills, even though he had no need on it so far. Having no knowledge of what the inheritance might contain, he wanted to be safe than sorry, knowing that the walls he would conjure from the ground could only defend him from so much. 'I should also expand my arsenal of healing skills, considering that those skills finally scale accordingly to my INT stat.' While looking through the active skill book section for defensive skills he might have use for, a similar thought popped up in the young man's mind soon after, increasing the number of skills he had to find. By the end of his perusal through the pavilion's active skill book section, Valyr had picked up a total of three defensive skills. Two of the defensive skills were based on his mastery of mana, which were named [Mana Barrier] and [Mana Shield], while the remaining defensive skill was based on the strength of his vitality, which was named [Bulwark of Life]. While the first two defensive skills were self-explanatory, [Bulwark of Life] would create a layer of invisible armor above Valyr's skin, reducing the amount of damage he would take based on how high his VIT and Vigor stat was. The only downsides to it were the fact that it consumed a lot of mana to create and it took a lot of time for him to be able to activate after dispelling it. As for healing skills, he had only obtained two, which were [Inferior Regeneration] and [Inferior Group Heal]. With [Lesser Heal] already under his belt, he had more or less covered every possible scenario that needed healing, with the only scenario to be exempted from that being instant death. Seeing as he had already grabbed defensive and healing skills to fill out his arsenal, the young man eventually decided to grab some support skills as well, allowing him to truly round out his abilities. Knowing that the others had support skills of their own that would greatly buffed their combat strengths, he decided to grab some skills that would allow their exploration of the inheritance to become a bit easier. "[Feather Steps] and [Inferior Lightweight]." Grabbing these two skills, Valyr nodded in satisfaction as he felt like he had grabbed all of the skills he would need for the journey. Unlike [Fleeting Feet], which had become a part of [Limit Break], [Feather Steps] increased a person's movement speed by a considerable degree proportional to their AGI. As for [Inferior Lightweight], it allowed one's body to feel lighter, which would reduce the amount of stamina they would consume during their journey. 'Hmm… should I grab some debuff skills as well?' Going through all of the skills he had grabbed so far, the question popped up into the young man's mind. After all, even though all of them participating in the inheritance were strong in their own right, that did not mean that they would not come across an unbeatable enemy in the inheritance, where a debuff skill would make it easier. 'Nah.' However, after thinking about it for a bit, he decided not to do so, feeling like debuff skills were not his style. Plus, with [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] in his arsenal, he had no need for debuff skills whatsoever. After all, he could just strike the enemy at their weakest. With that, the young man turned to look at the attendant and told them that he was ready to check out. Nodding in response, the latter led the Valyr to the checkout section, arriving there a few minutes later. … "As you've grabbed a total of 12 skill books at Common grade, your total is 600 gold coins." Recording the skill books Valyr had grabbed from the pavilion, the cashier faintly nodded after making sure his records were not wrong. "Here you go." Nodding in response to the price, Valyr went ahead and brought out his money pouch, taking out six platinum coins from it before placing them on the counter. After that, a moment of realization hit him, prompting him to take out a card from his spatial bracelet soon after. "I have to show this during checkout, right?" "To think it would be an esteemed customer! My apologies!" Seeing the card Valyr had brought out, the cashier instantly became more polite, giving the young man a respectful bow. Looking at Valyr to see if he was angry at him, the cashier inwardly let out a sigh of relief after seeing the young man not take offense to his earlier actions. Recovering from the surprise brought about by Valyr's card, the cashier took in a deep breath before nodding. "To answer sir's question, that would be correct. As you're considered a Basic-level VIP member of the pavilion, the final price of your purchase shall be reduced by 10%, only needing you to pay 540 gold coins instead," said the cashier. "I see." Nodding in understanding after the explanation, Valyr let the cashier do what he needed to do, placing all of the skill books he had bought into his spatial bracelet once the latter grabbed his money. Obtaining 60 gold coins as change, the young man stored the card back into his spatial bracelet as he prepared to leave. "Thank you for patronizing the Boundless Skill Pavilion once again, esteemed customer!" Once the cashier had given Valyr his change, he gave the young man yet another respectful bow, which slightly annoyed the latter. However, this annoyance he felt swiftly disappeared once he heard the cashier's next words. "If there's anything else the Boundless Skill Pavilion can do to help the esteemed customer out, we'll be glad to do so." "Anything, you say?" At those words, a thought from a few days ago surfaced on the young man's mind, causing a slight grin to appear on Valyr's face. With the grin growing even wider, the man looked at the cashier before asking, "If that's the case…" "Is it fine if I buy a spatial bracelet from your pavilion?" Chapter 573: The Night Before Departure "Well, that took longer than I thought it would." Leaving the Boundless Skill Pavilion with a smile on his face, Valyr tossed a spatial bracelet in the air a couple of times as if it were a toy. While doing so, he took a brief glance at the new spatial bracelet he now owned, its appearance no different from any other decorative bracelet. 'In any case, that's money well spent.' Grinning at the thought, Valyr recalled back to the sudden question he had asked the cashier, not being surprised to see the cashier remain unmoving for quite some time. After all, with the place being well-known for their selection of skill books, for a customer to request a spatial bracelet was definitely unheard of. With that kind of thought, the cashier politely declined the request at first, reminding Valyr that the spatial bracelets the pavilion gave for free was for the sake of removing the burden the customers would have while carrying the skill books they bought. In response to those words, the young man merely smiled, taking out 10 platinum coins from his purse before placing it in front of the cashier. As Valyr looked at the cashier after that, the latter instantly knew what the former was trying to do. Nevertheless, he remained steadfast, even though 10 platinum coins was already an exorbitantly high amount of money for someone like him. "Heh…" Seeing the man before him unperturbed in front of such wealth, he more than doubled the amount of money on the counter, increasing the total of 25 platinum coins. At this point, the cashier's eyes widened in disbelief, feeling multiple thoughts in his mind beginning to clash with one another. On one hand, the request Valyr wanted him to fulfill was incredibly simple, with the reward he would get from it allowing him to live life carefree for many years. On the other, if he allowed the young man to achieve what he wanted, there was a high chance he might be fired from his job. After all, as far as he knew, the manager of the pavilion was incredibly strict when it came to having its employees obey the rules. As someone who earned a lot more from the pavilion aside from his pay through its skill books, the cashier did not want to give up his position that easily. Unfortunately for the cashier, all those thoughts came crumbling once Valyr removed all of the platinum coins on the counter and replaced it with a single platinum card. Seeing the amount of money the young man had put down, it was as if every ounce of hesitation within the cashier's mind had been removed, prompting him to head back to the pavilion's storage and grab the spatial bracelet that had largest space. 'Money truly makes the world go round.' Inwardly chuckling at the cashier returning with the spatial bracelet, Valyr allowed the former to keep the platinum card he had brought out, earning him multiple words of gratitude. Then, once he had checked out that the new spatial bracelet had more space than his current one, only then did the young man leave the Boundless Skill Pavilion. With him obtaining his first spatial bracelet after spending a total of 20 platinum coins in the Boundless Skill Pavilion, the space within his new spatial bracelet was more than 10 times larger than it, even though the amount he spent was only five times as much. "Hehe…" Returning his thoughts back to the present, Valyr took a look at the sky to see that there was still a couple of hours left before the sun would set. Thinking about how many items he could now store within his new spatial bracelet, the young man decided to finish off his final preparations for the inheritance by buying as much rations and potions with his remaining money. "Ah, right. I also need utensils, a tent, and a sleeping bag." Finalizing the list of things he needed to buy in his mind by adding a few more things, it was only did Valyr start moving, returning to the inn with all of the items he had bought in his spatial bracelet just before sunset. … "Oh, Edward! You're back." Though he was a bit tired from walking around the entire kingdom to obtain the items he needed, a smile still hung on his face once he arrived
