like the clamor amongst the audience seemed to have no end, a man that looked to be in his early thirties, dressed in a dark gray suit, appeared on the stage, beaming a smile as he looked at the audience. "I presume that a great portion of you have already seen me during the auction that was held around a month ago," said the man with a chuckle, neatly combing his slightly unkempt blonde hair as he continued. "As for those that have only come to the auction house for the first time, my name is Sirius Leio." "Though I may come from the Imperial Leio clan, I am the head appraiser of this branch of the Leio Auction House, having worked as one for over a decade already. I hope that alone can assure you that the items that we'll be showing in this auction have the auction house's full seal of approval." "Before we begin auctioning off the items people have graciously trusted to us, let me remind everyone that bidding on an item is on a first come, first serve basis." As he said these words, Sirius flared a portion of his aura towards the audience, causing everyone to look in his direction as his voice had become the only source of sound within the auction house. "Let me also remind everyone that any succeeding bid must be higher than the previous bid, or else you'll only make yourself look like a fool." Sirius let out a bit of laughter. "And lastly, those who have been successful in obtaining items from the auction shall obtain the protection of the Leio Auction House until they reach a place that they deem safe." At these words, the man flared a bit more of his aura, causing some of them to start shivering under the pressure. . "This is a rule that the auction house has added due to the events that are currently happening," said Sirius. "As one of the most trusted auction houses in the continent, we aim to give those that obtain their items from the auction house through fair means peace of mind." "And with that out of the way, let us start off this auction with our first item!" … As the audience near the stage started to give Sirius a soft round of applause as the first item in the auction was being displayed, Valyr looked at the man to his side for a bit, whose face currently had a soft smile on it. "Say, Julian," Valyr asked the man. "By pulling favors and using favors, what kind did you use exactly?" "Well… let's just say that some of the other production guilds owe me one after helping them out back then." In response, Julian looked back at Valyr before giving him a faint grin. "A great number of combat guilds also owe me one, as well as a few people that you'd consider to have high levels of authority in the empire." "Either way, I was surprised that a lot of them were fine with me using the favor on an impromptu auction," he continued, laughing not long after. "Then again, I'm pretty sure they'll earn a lot of money from this as well." "I guess you must be quite the outgoing person, then," replied Valyr, wryly smiling as he thought about his own social skills. "For so many to be fine with helping you out, that must be the case." "Well, I do like forging friendships with other people." Julian nodded in agreement, only to faintly shake his head soon after. "However, that's only part of the equation." "Without the strength I currently have, the ability I have as a blacksmith, and the authority I have as the Blacksmith Guild's leader, probably 80% of the people I asked for this impromptu auction wouldn't have responded to me." "In any case, there's not much point dwelling in all of that," said Julian as he let out a chuckle to change the topic. "All I look forward to at the moment is the price your spear fetches in this auction." "Thank you." After pondering over Julian's words silently for quite some time, Valyr eventually blurted out these words, prompting the former to look at him with confusion for a bit before letting out some laughter. "There's no need to thank me." Julian waved his hands in nonchalance as he looked back at the stage, though a wide smile adorned his face. "I'm just giving your work the stage it properly deserves." "…" Looking at Julian for a bit, Valyr briefly scratched his head as he wondered whether or not now was the right time to ask the other question that had popped up in his mind. In the end, he decided to save the thought for later and redirected his attention back to the stage, seeing that the first item had finally been set up properly. … "To start off this auction, the first item is considerably on the more common side, yet is still rare to obtain through normal means." Turning around to look behind him, Sirius was greeted by the sight of beautiful women in dresses holding up a couple trays that contained vials of viscous fluid. "As you can see before you, we have here 50 vials of Greater Health Potions, Greater Mana Potions, and Greater Stamina Potions each," said the man as he moved to the side, allowing the women to walk around the stage to show off the goods to the audience. "Having reached Greater tier, all of these potions have incredibly potent effects, allowing even those at the brink of death to return to their peak condition." "With that, we'll be starting it off with the Greater Health Potions, selling it in sets of 10." At these words, the women lined themselves up beside Sirius, prompting a slight grin to appear on his face as he continued. "The initial bidding price is 30 gold coins for a set of 10. Any bid must be higher than the previous bid by at least one gold coin." "And with all of that said, the bid is now open!" Chapter 528: The Auction Continues "35 gold coins!" Hearing that the bidding for the set of Greater Health Potions was open, a young man at the back of the auction house raised their sign up with great fervor. "40 gold coins!" Unfortunately, the young man's excitement was short-lived as a mature-sounding woman at the front bid higher than him, reminding everyone that the auction would become more ferocious as more time passed. "50 gold coins." Hearing these words echoing from the middle of the auction house, Sirius could not help himself from having a slight smile appear on his face, noticing that the auction house had gone silent after that. "Are there no more bids higher than 50 gold coins?" asked the man, attempting to rouse everyone's urge to bid as he asked the women holding the items to roam around the stage once again. "50 gold coins going once…" "50 gold coins going twice…" "I'll bid 55 gold coins!" Surprisingly, the man's tactic had worked, forcing a young man near the front of the auction house to bid at the very last minute, causing the smile on Sirius' face to grow wider as he counted to three once more. "Alright! The first set of Greater Health Potions has been sold to the fine man that has bid 55 gold coins on it." Asking one of the auction house's workers to move the set of potions that had been sold to the back, Sirius made a mental note of the man that had just bid before proceeding. "Let us now move onto the next set!" … With the first item sold in the auction being multiple sets of Greater tier potions, not a lot of people had bid on it, considering that they were generally ordered in a way where the ones with the greatest purpose were saved for last. Because of that, those that were in dire need of those potions had gotten them at a considerably low price. Then again, there were those who had malicious intent in their bidding, greatly inflating the price of the potion sets to many times over the original. However, as if the heavens had wanted them to learn their mistakes early on in the auction, no one had outbid on their prices, forcing them to grit their teeth as everyone applauded for them with hints of mockery. After the sets of potions were a couple pieces of equipment made by competent blacksmiths from the Blacksmith Guild. Since they were being sold in the auction, that meant that they had something special going for them, which was the fact that they could store magic spells, allowing them to be used at some other time. Unsurprisingly, quite a few younger mages fancied the gimmick of the equipment, which had taken on the form of armor. Because of that, there was a bit more fighting in between the audience regarding these special items, which only made the smile on Julian's face widen as he knew the blacksmith that had specifically forged the items that were sold. Once the special pieces of equipment were sold, Sirius brought out three vials containing viscous fluid that piqued the interest of a great portion of the audience, warranting their oohs and aahs as he explained what was inside them. "Right here in front of you are three vials coming from the Lord of Medicine directly, the young Faulus Erlenmeyer, also known as the star prodigy of the Alchemist Guild." At these words, multiple people already had ideas of what the vials contained, prompting some of them to shake their signs in anticipation as they wanted to be the first to bid on them. Noticing how some of the audience could not hold their desire to bid any longer, Sirius inwardly grinned as he continued his explanation. "Though the efficacy of the potions you see in front of you are nowhere near the Panacea that Faulus is greatly known for, you can think of these potions are a weaker type of Panacea. In fact, if I were you, I would give this to a genius of the younger generation as a gift due to it still having miraculous properties." "With that, the bidding is now open for these weaker Panaceas. The starting bid is at 3 platinum coins. Any bid after the previous must be higher by at least 1 platinum coin." "I bid 5 platinum coins!" Unsurprisingly, after everyone had heard that the Panaceas being sold weren't the ones they knew about, a great portion of them lost all interest and decided to save their money for the item that would come after. Then again, that did not stop others from bidding, some of whom seem to know more than what Sirius had explained. … "I'd suggest you get one." Just as the first of the three weaker Panaceas had been sold to another person in the audience, Julian looked at Valyr beside him and gave him a suggestion. "Though Sirius explained that it's a weaker Panacea, it's actually a potion that's different to a Panacea in purpose." "How so?" Though Valyr had faint doubts of the man's words, the young man decided to follow the man's suggestion, considering that the Blacksmith Guild was paying for it anyway. "The Panacea Faulus is known for concocting has superb medicinal properties," said Julian, to which Valyr nodded as it was something he knew very well. "Even returning someone that's only a few thousandths of an inch away from death wouldn't be impossible when they consume one of them." "However, the type of Panacea being sold at the moment is only known to those with high authority in the kingdom, which Sirius has aplenty of," he continued. "In any case, the potions being shown at the moment focus on the body strengthening properties of the Panacea rather than its medicinal properties." "Because of that, those in the know call it by another name, which is Might." "Now, you might be wondering. Why would the auction house sell such an item like that so early?" Just as Valyr had placed another bid on the potion, Julian had said something that the young man planned to say in response, leaving Valyr with no choice but to nod. "Well, it's because Sirius wants those that bid on it to think they've struck a gold mine at such a low price." At these words, Julian let out a chuckle. "And in turn, that would cause them to return to the Leio Auction House more often." "He's also doing it to foster the young generation, but he doesn't want you to know that," added the man as Valyr had successfully obtained the potion, prompting the latter to let out a chuckle as he nodded. "Say, Julian." Thinking that now was the right time to ask about the thought he came up with earlier, Valyr mustered up the courage as he took advantage of the downtime that appeared during the duration in between bids. ira.om "What is it?" Unsurprisingly, Julian raised his eyebrow in curiosity, faintly wondering what the young man wanted to ask him. Though, once he heard it, a slight frown unknowingly appeared on his face. "Now that I think about it…" "With how everyone is focused on the thing that's going on within the Zeihardt clan…" "Why is it only considered a royal clan?" Chapter 529: Finding Out More As this question lingered in the young man's mind, Valyr recalled what he knew about noble clans and families, as well as the system that was in play regarding their hierarchy. Similar to the nobility title system he was incredibly familiar with, the young man knew that clans and families could separated into three tiers as well, which were noble, royal, and imperial, respectively. Just like the nobility title system, noble clans and families were of lesser importance compared to royal clans and families. On the other hand, imperial clans and families reigned at the peak of the hierarchy, obtaining their rank due to their clan having a great amount of power amongst their members or their founder achieving a great amount of merit. With that, the young man found it odd that the Zeihardt clan, which was only considered a royal clan, according to what Aster and Julian had told him, had obtained the attention of almost every organization as the drama between the two factions attempting to find him continued to this very day. rad.co 'Is it because their might is infinitely close to the imperial clans?' asked Valyr to himself, finding it a highly likely possibility. After all, any organization would pay attention to the happenings occurring within the imperial clan, whether it be a minor or a major matter. However, what Julian would tell him was definitely beyond his initial expectations. "Who told you the Zeihardt clan was only a royal clan?" With an eyebrow still raised, Julian looked at Valyr with a slight frown. "Didn't you mention on the day before that tournament that the Zeihardt clan was a royal clan in status and how everyone was paying attention to it because of their might?" Hearing Julian's question, Valyr answered back with a question, the confusion in his mind slowly building up. "Wait…" At the young man's words, Julian went silent as it seemed like multiple pieces in his mind had finally connected together. "Do you really think the Zeihardt clan as a whole is only considered a royal clan?" "Is it not?" At this point, Valyr gave the man an answer with a tone of slight caution, wondering if what he knew from Aster and Julian were even correct. "It's definitely not just a royal clan if almost everyone is paying full attention to it." Julian shook his head, letting out a faint sigh. "If anything, only the Algerie Kingdom branch of the Zeihardt clan is considered a royal clan." "Then again, multiple branches of the Zeihardt clan in the other kingdoms have also reached that status." "…huh?" Unsurprisingly, Valyr went silent after hearing that, giving Julian the freedom to continue with his explanation. "Well, considering your circumstances, it's not that surprising that you don't know everything there is to know about the clan," said Julian with a slightly bitter smile, briefly looking at Valyr with an expression of pity as he began to lay out the entirety of the Zeihardt clan to the young man. "Though, before I begin my explanation, who told you that the Zeihardt clan is only considered a royal clan?" asked the man. "Of course, if you don't want to tell me, that's fine. Though, if you found the information on a book, you can tell me the title of the book instead." "A man from one of the noble clans," replied Valyr, not wanting to be very specific in slight fear of Julian harming them. "He told me back then that the main Zeihardt clan was considered a royal clan." "I see." Going silent for a bit, Julian eventually nodded in response. "I guess he hails from a clan that's not far away from Algerie… or perhaps a clan that's not far away from any of the other Zeihardt clan branches I've mentioned earlier." "In any case, the Zeihardt clan's entire might is not just on the level of a royal clan," said the man. "Nor is it on the level of an imperial clan either, even though the Zeihardt clan situated in the human race's only empire is considered one." "It is on a level far above the imperial clans, being the only clan with that kind of classification in existence." Saying these words, Julian's expression turned solemn as he gave Valyr time to digest what he had said. "Being linked directly to the Zeihardt Sovereignty, the main Zeihardt clan boasts a level of strength that could only be classified as a primordial clan." Ding! [You have gained a piece of information regarding your true identity.] Hearing the system respond to Julian's words, Valyr's eyes briefly widened in surprise as he opened up the notification screen in his mind. With it, it did not take long for him to put two and two together as he asked the man a question. "So… do I come from this primordial clan, then?" "But of course." Julian nodded, looking at Valyr as if it were a matter of fact. "It's exactly because you were born into the primordial clan as a Herald that the entire Zeihardt clan has split into two factions, with each branch falling under one of them." "Keep in mind that Algerie Kingdom's Zeihardt clan branch is on the side of the rebel faction, which is why the Imperial Production Guild has taken a lot of measures the very moment you arrived at the kingdom to make sure that information of you being here doesn't leak out." "Is that so…" Feeling like he had gained more answers and questions from such a short discussion, Valyr went silent for a bit as he looked at the stage before them, seeing that Sirius was moving onto the next item of the auction, being a pair of accessories that greatly increased one's passive health regeneration. Mulling over the information he had obtained from Julian, the young man decided to end the conversation regarding the Zeihardt clan's strength then and there, instead shifting it onto another topic that still had something to do with the clan yet not at the same time. "Say, Julian." "What is it?" Looking at Valyr once more, Julian raised his eyebrow in curiosity. "Do you perhaps know a person or an organization that could help me collect information on the Zeihardt clan?" Chapter 530: Halberd Of Great Beginnings "An information broker, huh…" Hearing the question Valyr asked him, Julian pondered over it for a bit as he watched the accessories go towards a person within one of the Leio Auction House's private rooms. By the time the next item had been put up for auction, the man had given the young man his answer. "Though I know quite a lot of people and organizations that would give you that information without much difficulty, it's not really something I'm willing to share in a place like this, even if it's considered a private room," said Julian to the young man, giving him a slight apologetic smile. "The information regarding the Zeihardt clan is pretty much public knowledge, with only parts of my explanation being known by only those with higher authority," he continued. "Since Sirius is considered one of those, I don't really have any problem sharing with it since he also knows what I know. Perhaps more than that, even." . "In any case, is it fine with you if we talk more about this after the auction is over?" Looking at Valyr as he asked the question, the man let out a faint sigh of relief as the young man nodded in response, causing a soft smile to appear on his face as he nodded back. With that, the two of them focused their attention towards the next few items being sold in the auction, with Julian telling the young man that his spear was going to be put up for auction quite soon. … "What we have right here is a skill book that has been appraised by the Leio Auction House numerous times to ensure the fact that it contains a special skill." As the pair of accessories sold earlier were being removed from the stage, Sirius went ahead and introduced the next item that the auction house was selling, having a beautiful woman hold the item as usual as she flaunted it around the stage. "Though we haven't checked what kind of special skill it contains exactly, the name of the skill that the skill book contains is the [Altair Shadow Dagger Combat Style]. Its rarity is presumed to be Rare grade or Rare+ grade." Continuing to go through more information regarding the skill book they were selling, it was
