go with summoning since you're going to fight me with summoning." "What a show-off," scoffed Loreina as she let out a playful giggle. "Then again, that's definitely something I'd expect from the Lord of All Trades." "Shall we begin the fight, then?" Letting out a bit of laughter of his own, Hal looked back at Loreina as he got in a battle stance. "Let us." Nodding in response, Loreina took her battle stance, only to slam both of her hands on the ground. Whoosh! … After the two of them apologized to one another for their actions before the tournament began, Faulus and Valyr had spent the time talking about various topics whilst waiting for the other two to get ready. "The fight's going to begin." Seeing that Loreina and Hal were finally making their moves, Faulus prompted the young man beside him to look at the crater, which the latter did. "Between the two of them, who do you think will win?" Asking this question a minute or so after the fight began, Valyr watched as Loreina and Hal summoned their respective monsters of choice, filling their sides of the crater with their summons. "It's pretty much a no-brainer, don't you think?" Looking at Valyr with a slightly bitter smile, Faulus responded. "If anything, it would be better for you to ask how long Loreina could withstand Hal's attacks." "Yeah… he wouldn't be called the Lord of All Trades for nothing," Valyr said in response, bitterly smiling as he thought about how Hal's dominance over combat was well-known by many even before the War of the Three Sovereignties. "It really sums up his talent, to be honest." With the bitter smile still affixed to his face, Faulus nodded in agreement. "Restrict him to a weapon, and he would use it as if he were a veteran of the battlefield." "Restrict him to magic, and he would use it as if he were a mage that has studied magic for many decades." "Restrict him to a bow and arrow, and he would use it as if he were a hunter since birth." "Restrict him to summoning, and he would use it as if he were the greatest commander the world has ever seen." "Heck, now that I'm talking about it, it kind of makes me feel like he can't be beaten by any of our peers." Chapter 503: Flora Vs Fauna "You're that confident, huh?" Listening to Faulus praise Hal for his superb ability in combat, Valyr could not stop an amused smirk from creeping up onto his lips. "You really think he can't be beaten?" "I just said I feel like he can't be beaten, not that he couldn't be beaten," clarified Faulus in response. "After all, we don't know when some prodigy with a level of talent far monstrous than Hal's would appear in the world of Veldanyr." "But what if that prodigy has already appeared?" asked Valyr, a knowing smile adorning his face. "If they did, then their name should've been known by now…" Raising his eyebrow as he looked at Faulus in confusion, the gears in the young man's mind turned as he wondered which person Valyr was talking about. Fortunately, it did not take too long for a couple of things to click in his mind as he looked back at the man beside him. "Are you seriously talking about yourself?" Narrowing his eyes as he dropped the question, Faulus let out a low sigh after Valyr grinned in response. "You may have beaten me in magic combat, but are you sure you could stand toe to toe with Hal in a battle using magic?" "No clue." Valyr chuckled as he faintly shrugged, causing Faulus to let out yet another sigh. "Then, where are you getting all that confidence from?" asked Faulus soon after. "Well… let's just say I have a couple of tricks up my sleeve and leave it at that." Responding to Faulus' question with a faintly mysterious smile, Valyr returned his attention back to the fight happening within the crater. "Would it really hurt you to tell me?" Seeing as the young man beside him did not plan on elaborating what he meant by his words, Faulus shook his head as he soon returned his attention to the fight in the crater as well, thinking that he would eventually find out once the time came. … Whoosh! "[Ephemeral Flora Summoning Arts]!" Slamming both of her hands to the ground, Loreina swiftly infused a great amount of her mana into the earth below them, causing her immediate surroundings to transform as a layer of greenery appeared on what was previously barren land. Not long after, this layer of greenery rapidly grew in length and size, only for them to bunch up together as the greenery gradually took on the shape of a humanoid-looking figure. "[Plant Battalion]!" Removing her hands off the ground, Loreina then looked at the creatures she had summoned, inwardly nodding in satisfaction as she redirected the mana she had been infusing before into these creatures. Swoosh! "Uwaaarrrgghh…" At the very moment these creatures were faintly infused with Loreina's energy, all of them let out a deep groan rarely heard even from the largest of creatures as their auras gradually spread out. Within seconds, these creatures stood ramrod straight as they eventually gave off the feeling that they were working as one entity, making one think that a small army had appeared to protect Loreina. "[Plant Battalion: Awakening Command]." Seeing as Hal was only standing where he stood as he watched her summon her creatures, a slight frown appeared on Loreina's face as she infused a bit more mana into one of the plant creatures, giving it a semblance of consciousness as it gained the ability to lead the other plant creatures through a single command. "Shouldn't you be summoning your creatures as well?" Counting the number of plant creatures she was able to summon, which came up to a number of around 20 or so, Loreina inwardly let out a sigh of relief as she stepped back from the frontlines, gazing at Hal as she asked. "I just wanted to find out what I would be fighting against." Hal faintly grinned in response, his demeanor continuing to exude great self-confidence all this time. "Now that I've found out…" Then, not long after, he extended one of his hands outward, conjuring a magic circle that swiftly expanded in size. "It's time for me to respond." "[Greater Lupus Summoning Arts]." Swoosh! Channeling a great amount of his mana into the magic circle he had conjured, orbs of light gray energy soon manifested out of the circle before positioning themselves in a spot a couple of meters away from where Hal stood. Whoosh! A few seconds later, these light gray orbs expanded in size, taking on rough forms that looked to span widths greater than Hal's height as the young man continued to infuse his mana into them. Eventually, once it seemed like the light gray orbs had obtained enough mana from the young man, the energy from these orbs turned corporeal, allowing a line of wolves with light gray fur to appear in front of Hal, their eyes crimson with bloodlust. "[Greater Lupus Summoning Arts: Wolf King]." Though the number of wolves Hal had summoned were only around a quarter of what Loreina was able to summon, the young man flashed a confident smile at her as he sent out a large wave of mana towards the wolf in front of him, causing its aura and appearance to undergo a massive transform. "Awooooo!!!" Letting out a howl of delight, the wolf's fur became slightly darker in color as its size grew to be around 50% larger than the wolves surrounding it. After that, a few tufts of fur on its head started protruding out and took on a pale yellow color as it began to resemble a crown. "Flora versus fauna. Quite a fitting theme, don't you think?" Stepping back as he allowed the wolves he had summoned to take the limelight, Hal let out a bit of laughter as he posed the question to Loreina. "…" As if she had returned to her original personality as a tailor, Loreina's demeanor turned solemn as she sent out a series of mental commands to the creatures she had summoned, all of them relayed to the other plant creatures through their commander. "That's harsh." Wryly smiling as the young woman did not respond to his question, Hal took in a deep breath as his expression turned calm, prompting him to take this fight a bit seriously. 'Your order for today.' Sending a command to the large wolf at the center, a faint hint of fighting intent arose from him as he looked at the young woman he was fighting against. 'Leave no creature unharmed.' "Awooooo!!!" Howling in response, as if to show it had understood its orders, the wolf king began to move forward to meet the plant creatures it would be fighting against. Seeing their leader move forward, the other wolves began to move as well, coordinating with one another as the crater soon turned into a battlefield. "Uwaaarrrgghh…" Seeing the wolf king make a move, Loreina went ahead and ordered the commander to fight against it, the latter groaning as it ordered a few of its comrades to join it on the offensive. <subtxt>ied.cm</subtxt> "Grrr…" Seeing that its enemies had come to appear before it instead of it appearing before them, the wolf king let out a deep growl as it looked around, taking note of the fact that the other wolves were already engaging in combat with their opponents. Bending its knees for a bit, the wolf king soon lunged forward towards its enemies, which numbered four in total. Swiping down its paw diagonally to land the first blow, the wolf king sent its first attack towards the commander, keeping in mind that defeating it would allow the wolf king to emerge victorious. "Uwooghh…" Quickly understanding what the wolf king was aiming for, the plant commander ordered all three that had joined him to block the attack, successfully doing so as the three used their wide arms to deflect the attack. "Uwowoohh…" Noticing that the wolf king was standing in place as it looked for an opening it could exploit, the commander swiftly sent down a command to the three, allowing them to take advantage of the situation. With that, the three lunged forward and held the wolf king by the legs, affixing the opponent in place. "Awoo!" Realizing that it had made a lapse in judgment, the wolf king swiftly let out a howl, sending down a command to the other wolves that one of them should help it free the wolf king from the encirclement. However, with all of the wolves still engaging with their opponents, none of them were free enough to help the wolf king out, prompting anger to appear in the latter's eyes. "Uwoo…" Transforming one of its arms into a sharp tip, the commander made use of the opportunity and thrust its arm forward, hoping to hit the wolf king at one of its vital parts. Unfortunately… "Awooo!!!" Seeing that none of the other wolves could help it out, the wolf king decided to take matters into its own hands, severing one of the arms holding it down by biting down on it with its large jaw. Then, with the increased freedom to move about, it relied on the strength its hind legs contained to propel itself forward, dodging the sharp tip the commander sent just in the nick of time. "Grr…" Distancing itself from the opposing group tasked to defeat it, the wolf king let out a low growl as it stared at the four, letting it know through its action that their fight was only beginning. Chapter 504: Increasing The Stakes "Awoo!!!" Letting out yet another howl as it gave a set of orders to the other wolves, the wolf king lunged forward with greater force, hoping to catch its enemies by surprise as it opened its maw wide to bite down. "Uwowogghh!" Realizing what its opponent was about to do, the plant commander ordered the three accompanying it to tank the blows, prompting the three to raise their arms once more. Whoosh! Without even caring as to where its bite would land, the wolf king bit down with full force, only to realize that its attack had landed once more on the other summons accompanying the plant commander. Then again, even though the bite from the wolf king was mostly blocked by the defense set up, that did not mean that the plant summons themselves were unharmed. Swoosh! Seeing as landing yet another bite proved ineffective in the current situation, the wolf king took advantage of its body being anchored to one of the plant summons, slashing down with both of its claws in a bid to deal great damage to one of the summons. Unexpectedly, this strategy had worked, rendering one of the plant summons immobile as the force behind the wolf king's attack was more than enough to cut the one it had bit down on in two. "Awooo!!!" Seeing that their leader was finally gaining an advantage over the opponent, the other wolves had become motivated to push their bodies to the limit, taking on a more aggressive approach as they fought against their respective enemies. "Uwaarrgghh…" Letting out a deep groan in response to one of the plant summons' deaths under the paws of the wolf king, the plant commander seemed to have become furious as it commanded the two remaining summons accompanying it to retreat, giving the wolf king time to rest as the latter wondered what the plant commander wanted to do. However, contrary to the wolf king's expectations, thinking that the plant commander would have launched an all-out offensive against the wolf king alone, the plant commander instead asked the two plant summons to stand idly in front of it before… Cutting the two just like how the first one died. Thud. Thud. Seeing the vigor within these two plant summons gradually disappear as the wolf king witnessed it happen in front of it, the wolf king found it slightly amusing that the plant commander would cull its own force in an act of desperation. Though, before the wolf king could even respond in a way that showed its amusement… Whoosh! Whoosh! Rumble… Out of nowhere, the ground within the plant commander's vicinity began to rumble, prompting the wolf king to increase the distance separating the two of them as it faintly felt a bit of fear as it looked at what stood before it. In fact, Hal, who could witness the entire fight through the wolf king's senses, was also left at a loss for words as he watched what was happening. "Isn't this a bit too much? We still have to take the inheritance into consideration, no?" Looking at Loreina on the other side of the crater, whose attention was fully focused on infusing mana into the plant commander, Hal sent a message to the young woman through the chat function. "Against you?" In response, Loreina allocated a bit of her attention towards Hal before replying to the message with her words. "Not at all." "If anything, I'd say I escalated our fight quite nicely." "[Plant Battalion: Root Juggernaut]!" Swoosh! Sending out one massive wave of her own mana towards the plant commander that stood there, Loreina watched as the lifeless bodies of the three plant summons that accompanied it gradually turned into motes of dark green light, all of which swiftly headed in the plant commander's direction. Not long after, these motes of dark green light combined with the mana Loreina had sent out, only for the amalgamation to take on an earthy brown color as these motes began to stick onto the plant commander, improving the might the commander exuded. "…" Watching the transformation the plant commander was undergoing in silence, a slight frown appeared on Hal's face as he inwardly let out a sigh, deciding to send in a bit of his mana towards the wolf king as a way to counterattack against Loreina's actions. However, rather than have all of his mana be absorbed by the wolf king, he instead used the wolf king as a conduit of sorts, allowing its body to become a hub of some sort as the mana began to extend towards the other wolves, giving all of them a substantial boost in power. "[Lupus Unification]." "Awoooo!!!" As if responding to the power-up the plant commander was currently going through, all of the wolves let out a loud howl in unison as the crimson in their eyes turned deeper. Then, without even giving the other side a chance to retaliate, all of the wolves lunged forward and attacked with even greater aggression than before, hoping that their greater strength would be enough to take down their opponents. Thud. Thud. Thud. One by one, the plant summons fighting against the other wolves gradually began to fall to the ground, succumbing to the great amount of damage the wolves had dealt through their attacks. Because of that, the wolf king gradually gained greater confidence in facing the plant commander before it, who was still in the midst of its transformation. "Grr…" Growling as it bent its knees, the wolf king swiftly darted forward to the limits of its strength, closing the distance between the two of them within a couple of seconds as it swiped down both of its paws in a cross pattern. Unfortunately… <subtxt>innead.co</subtxt> Bang! Before the wolf king could even figure out what had hit it, the wolf king was sent flying, tumbling on the ground for a few meters as it landed. On the other hand, it seemed that the plant commander's transformation had finally reached some sort of equilibrium, allowing its now more imposing aura to spread throughout the crater as everyone watching the fight unfold now looked at the plant commander with silence. Chapter 505: Going With The Flow "Is that really something someone only at the peak of Rank 2 can conjure?" Watching the fight unfold near the edge of the crater, Faulus and Valyr were left looking at the transformation Loreina's summon had undergone in silence, with Faulus eventually breaking the silence as their eyes slightly widened in surprise. Standing a fair distance away from Loreina was not a humanoid-looking being made out of greenery anymore, containing a semblance of consciousness in order to act as the commander of her summons. Instead, what stood before her now seemed to be a machine that only knew carnage as its goal, exuding a level of killing intent that seemed uncharacteristic for a summon based on plants. Then again, the plant commander's current appearance barely resembled anything like a plant. With its stature seemingly growing a couple heads in height, the plant commander was now covered in thick plate armor, all of which were of an earthy brown color due to the transformation that had occurred earlier. Aside from that, the plant commander now wielded weapons that would normally be wielded by humans, but of a larger size. "Seriously, I think this is a bit too much." With his attention fixated towards the two large scimitars being wielded by the plant commander, Hal could not stop himself from scratching the back of his head, wondering what he had done for Loreina to act like this. "Didn't you say you didn't want both sides to go all out earlier? Where did that notion go?" "…" Hearing the question, Loreina responded with silence, ordering the plant commander to make a move in her mind as she distanced herself once more. "Ai…" Letting out a slightly exasperated sigh, Hal decided to end the fight as quickly as possible, commanding the other wolves through the wolf king to congregate near the latter as they prepared for what would be their final bout. "Awooo!" Howling in unison as if to respond affirmatively to Hal's orders, the other wolves swiftly arrived near the wolf king, standing around it as all of them looked for an opening they could exploit as the transformed plant commander continued to move closer. However… Whoosh! Before the wolves could even find an opening and realize what was happening, the plant commander seemed to have appeared in front of them all of a sudden, slashing out both of its blades outward in a horizontal arc as it rendered all of the wolves incapable of fighting any further… Except for the wolf king. Swoosh! Empowered by the mana Hal had given it earlier, the wolf king was barely able to dodge the sudden attack from the plant commander, feeling a great amount of heartache as all of its comrades had fallen victim to the latter's viciousness. Sadly, even though the wolf king knew that the best move was to move away from the commander and find a way to retaliate, considering that it had not really expended a lot of energy, the wolf king had received a certain command in its mind, allowing its body to be enveloped in the aura being exuded by the plant commander as the two stood face-to-face for what would be the final time. Bang! Without any shred of mercy, the plant commander sent both of its blades downward, cutting the wolf king into three parts as the latter gradually dispersed into specks of mana, eventually disappearing into thin air. Not long after, the other wolves also began to disperse into thin air, as well as the other plant summons that had been felled by the wolves before the plant commander's eventual transformation. With that, the only summons that remained within the crater was the transformed plant commander, as well as the remaining plant summons that were lucky enough to escape the wolves' frenzied attacks from earlier. Then again, the latter group looked to be worse for wear, with a great portion of their limbs barely connected to their torsos. "Now…" Making her way in front of the transformed plant
