against the serpent's attack by conjuring a dome of mana above the walls, Valyr thought back to the measly amount of damage he had dealt to the serpent with his magic. Though his INT stat was his second highest stat next to DEX, the amount of damage he could unleash through it was lacking in comparison to skills that scaled off his DEX. Unsurprisingly, that all had to do with how the Attack stat operated. After obtaining the Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass, his Attack stat, which used to scale off his STR stat, now began to scale off his DEX stat, which undoubtedly worked wonders for him. However, because of that, any skills that scaled off any stat other than DEX or STR now scaled off of the stat itself, not the Attack stat. Naturally, the active skills he had obtained related to magic were affected by this, all of which scaled off his INT stat. Though, unlike the Attack stat, which had a multiplier attached to it based off his current class rank, these skills directly scaled off the stat, which meant that the full potential of the skills could not be reached. Of course, the young man knew the reason why that was the case… which was the fact that it was intended to be that way. What use would there be for a mage if a warrior could cast a magic spell and deal the same level of damage? What use would there be for a healer if a mage could cast a healing spell and have the healed amount reach the same level of efficacy? In other words, one needed to have either a main class or a subclass in order for their corresponding skills to scale properly. Physical-based classes would have their skills scale towards their physical stats, while magic-based classes would have their skills scale towards their magical stats. Then again, there were always exceptions to this rule. Those exceptions were all known as hybrid classes. Hybrid classes came in various names and rarities, but if there was one thing in common about them… it was the fact that they brought the best of both worlds in terms of skill efficacy. ndαsnοvεl.cοm A magic swordsman would be able to use sword skills without a problem while casting magic spells on the side with ease. A paladin had no problem making use of their immense strength while healing those who were injured. A druid found no issue sending out a barrage of spells while empowering their allies' strength in the process. "In any case, I'm making progress at least." Briefly thinking about how nice it would be to get his hands on a hybrid class, Valyr pushed the thought to the back of his head as he dispelled the defense he had put up earlier, seeing that the serpent's rain of terror had finally ended. "[Severing Crimson Blade]!" Then, with the serpent completely immobile after casting its magic, the young man took advantage of the fact and dealt a couple of magic-based attacks to it, slowly but surely whittling its health down. … After realizing the serpent's glaring weakness, Valyr's eagerness to use it to his advantage was sparingly at first, sending out only a couple magic-based attacks to it at most. However, as he went through more and more of what he dubbed the serpent's 'cooldown cycles', he gradually gained more confidence in dishing out more and more attacks within the timespan he had to do so. In fact, by the time he had gone through what looked to be around the Shadow Serpent's 10th or 11th cooldown cycle, the young man's hesitation in making use of the serpent's immobilization had gone out of the window. With that, he abandoned his tactic of using magic to whittle its health and deal a large chunk of damage instead, switching to his spear before unleashing a powerful attack after buffing himself to his limits. "[Strike of the Venomous Night]!" Bang! '-8331' "Hiss!!!" Letting out yet another loud hiss as it cried out in pain, the serpent had already a great amount of rage towards the human that would attack it at its weakest, wanting nothing more than to give the human his just deserts. Fortunately for the serpent, unlike before, where it would remain immobilized while it passively received the human's attack, the Shadow Serpent felt like a shackle had been unchained, its entire body swiftly being covered in Shadow Energy a few seconds later. "Ahcrud." Noticing that the serpent's body was being enveloped in Shadow Energy all of a sudden, Valyr swiftly increased the distance separating him and the Shadow Serpent, activating [Greater Analysis] in the process to get an idea of what was going on. "Its health is below 40%…" Muttering these words as his gaze remained fixated on the serpent's remaining health, the young man let out a low sigh as he instantly understood what was happening. "And here I thought I was finally getting somewhere." "To think it would even have a berserk phase." "Hiss!!!" Whoosh! Flaring its empowered aura in its entirety, the serpent's body seemed to be brimming with power, a stark contrast to the amount of health it had left. With that, it moved about for a bit to get accustomed to its newfound strength. Once it had become used to its newfound power… "Hiss!" With its eyes fixated towards the human before it, the Shadow Serpent slithered through the Shadow Plane's lands at unnervingly fast speeds, hoping to end this drawn-out fight once and for all with an attack of its own. 'I was planning to save this for the inheritance…' Seeing as the Juvenile Shadow Serpent was now more than hellbent on killing him, Valyr let out an audible sigh as he ran to increase the distance between them. 'But now that it seems like death is possible at any moment…' 'Guess I have no choice but to use it.' … … … "[Hunter's Tracking Eyes]." Chapter 519: Ending It Once And For All "…and to think that I had doubts of him succeeding earlier." Watching the fight between Valyr and the Juvenile Shadow Serpent unfold, Noel let out a mocking chuckle directed at himself as he recalled the pessimistic thoughts he had around the beginning of the fight. Then again, if one were in his shoes and found out that Valyr had only landed one hit on the serpent so far, they would also feel a sense of despair, thinking that they would have to intervene the very moment the young man's injuries turned severe. However, contrary to his earlier pessimistic thoughts, Valyr eventually found a way to deal damage to the serpent, taking advantage of the fact that the Shadow Serpent would become immobilized whenever it would use magic. Due to it being considered juvenile, the Shadow Serpent still had no control over the amount of Shadow Energy and mana it infused into every attack, something Noel realized by the time the Shadow Serpent had sent out its second magic attack during the fight. Fortunately, the young man had also realized it during that time. With that, Valyr flung a few magic attacks here and there whenever the serpent was immobile, slowly whittling down the Juvenile Shadow Serpent's health as he gradually gained the confidence to unleash stronger and stronger attacks. Bang! "He's definitely shown more than enough through this fight that he's worthy of inheriting the true subclass." Muttering these words to himself, Noel took in a deep breath to remove the astonishment he felt from watching Valyr stand his ground with ease, showcasing a level of combat experience that would rarely be found in a teenager as young as him. "Hmm?" However, just as he thought that the fight would eventually without much fanfare due to the weakness the young man had found, the serpent had undergone through a massive change all of a sudden, siphoning a great portion of the ambient Shadow Energy within the area before using it to cover its entire body a few seconds later. "A berserk phase." Realizing what was happening, Noel clicked his tongue as he activated his identification skill, only to click his tongue once more as he looked at the serpent's empowered stats. Ding! [Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Ancient Elite)] (Level 55 | Boss) Class: Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Rare) HP: 18,955/52,800 MP: 24,564/107,712 Stats: 275 (385) VIT, 443 (620) STR, 487 (682) AGI, 762 (1,067) DEX, 748 (1,047) INT, 316 (442) WIS, 275 (385) PER, 151 LUK Skills: [Shadow Energy Affinity], [Shadow Energy Mark], [Shadow Serpent Combat Style], [Shadow Serpent Movement Style], [Shadow Serpent Magic Style], +14 other skills Remarks: A catastrophe waiting to burst. Even those of a higher class rank should be wary of its strength. 'Though Valyr has done a great job fighting against the serpent so far, he's still just at the peak of Rank 2.' Letting out a faint sigh as he thought that it was a waste that Valyr had to abandon a Shadow Serpent that was close to dying, Noel soon began to empower his body with a series of buffing skills… only to stop. Whoosh! dαsvel.cοm For a brief moment, Noel felt like an aura had passed through his body, giving him the odd feeling that every nook and cranny of his body was visible to this aura that had just passed. Looking around his surroundings to see where the aura had come from, the old man eventually found the origin of that aura. The young man that he was planning to save. "What…" Briefly at a loss for words as he felt the aura surrounding Valyr undergo a drastic change, Noel wondered as to what kind of skill the young man had activated. "Hah." However, just as he had come up with the question, he swiftly discarded it as well, a curious smile creeping up onto his lips as he deactivated all of the buffing skills he had just activated. "I guess it won't be a waste, after all." … "Huh." As he activated [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], Valyr took a look at the status screen he had moved to the side all this time, feeling a wry smile creep up onto his lips as he noticed two of its stats break through the four digit barrier. However, the tension he felt from thinking about fighting what looked to be his most difficult opponent to date swiftly disappeared once his eyes worked in overdrive, gradually noticing various weak spots that hadn't been visible to him before. With that, Valyr thought to himself that if he were to have made use of these weak spots during the beginning of the fight, he was certain that he would have reached the berserk phase far earlier. Perhaps, the fight would have already been over if he were to use it at the beginning. "I should have really used this earlier," muttered Valyr to himself as he found more and more weak spots around the serpent, continuing to run around the Shadow Plane in order to find its most vital spot. Though Valyr knew that utilizing [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] during a fight would allow him to end it faster, there was a part of him that still wanted to find out his limits before having to rely on such a powerful skill as the eyes. In fact, it was the reason why he had not used the skill in the fight, instead relying on the combat style he had been used to. However, now that he had been left with no choice, he had finally experienced using the skill during an actual fight. With that, he now knew for sure that it would become a staple skill of his soon enough. "Found it!" Eventually, after a minute or so of running around the Shadow Plane, Valyr found the serpent's most vital spot, its position demarcated by a pitch-black circle in the middle of his vision. Knowing what he had to do, the young man swiftly changed his running direction, charging towards the serpent instead of running away from it. "Hiss!" Taking it as a sign of provocation, the serpent doubled down on its efforts, slithering through the ground at a far faster speed than before as it aimed to land a strike that would end the human's life once and for all. "Hyah!" Unfortunately, just as Valyr was within the serpent's striking range, the former jumped into the air with all his might, even going so far as to activate all of the buffing skills he had yet to activate in order for him to reach a higher altitude. "[Shadow Serpent Style]…" With the serpent stopping in place as it knew that catching the human off guard as it fell would be the best way to kill it, Valyr took out his spear whilst in midair, only to position himself in a way that would allow the spear's tip to arrive at the ground first. Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Then, once he had made sure that the spear tip lined up directly towards the pitch-black circle he could see in his field of vision, Valyr allowed the Shadow Plane's gravity to do its thing as he began to fall at accelerated speeds, summoning Shadow Energy and mana in the process as the tip soon made contact with a specific portion of the serpent's back. "[Strike of the Venomous Night]!" Bang! '-48,545!!!' … … … [With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.] [You have slain a Level 55 Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Ancient Elite). You have gained 1,541,364 XP.] [You have completed part of the requirements for the quest: Returning to One's Roots.] [Slay a Shadow Serpent (1/1).] [You have completed the quest: Returning to One's Roots.] [Head to Noel to receive your rewards.] Chapter 520: Rewarding One’s Efforts "Hiss!!!" With the world working in Valyr's favor, the spear he firmly gripped pierced through a certain part of the serpent's back with great ease, as if the coating of Shadow Energy surrounding its body had never existed in the first place. "…" Continuing to maintain a tight grip on the spear, Valyr eventually landed on solid ground, prompting him to put his entire weight and strength on the spear as the pitch-black circle remained within his field of vision. Due to the peculiarity of how [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], the young man had the ability to peer through the insides of any item or being he deemed as a target, allowing him to see what specific part of the serpent had been deemed by the skill as a vital spot. 'A sac… no, sacs filled with Shadow Energy.' Looking at the exact spot his spear had pierced through, Valyr saw what looked to be a sizable lump near the Shadow Serpent's heart. However, as he peered closer into this lump, he noticed that this lump was made up of hundreds of smaller lumps, all of which radiated an aura that was incredibly familiar to him. "Hiss…" Writhing in pain, the serpent wanted to make use of the remaining energy it had to attack the human on top of it, whose attention was fully focused on the spear it pierced through its body. Unfortunately, within seconds, the serpent fell its strength gradually weakening as the coating of Shadow Energy surrounding its body dissipated into thin air. "Hiss…" Letting out what seemed to be its final hiss out of indignation for its fate, the serpent eventually breathed its last, prompting Valyr to retract the spear and affix it to his back once he was certain the serpent was dead. Ding! "It's finally over." Hearing a series of notification sounds resound in his mind, Valyr got off the Juvenile Shadow Serpent's fresh corpse before lying down on the ground, the toll of physical and mental exhaustion finally affecting him. Nevertheless, a proud smile adorned the young man's face, feeling immense joy at the fact that he was victorious. "Who knew the difference between a Mythic and an Ancient Elite tier monster would be this large?" Finally allowing himself to take a rest, the young man thought about the monsters he had fought so far, realizing that there seemed to be a large gap in strength between monsters in certain tiers. "In any case, I've finally completed the quest Elder Noel gave me." Though curious as to whether or not there was more to it than he realized, Valyr discarded such laborious thoughts in his mind for the meantime, chuckling as he recalled his fight with the serpent once more. "I can finally put all of my focus on preparing for the inheritance." Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! However, just as he was about to close his eyes as he knew that Noel was going to arrive at where he was laying down, Valyr noticed that the Shadow Energy the serpent had cultivated began to seep out through its properties, accumulating a meter or so above its corpse to form the largest cloud of Shadow Energy the young man had seen so far. Swoosh! Then, without any warning, this cloud of Shadow Energy zoomed towards Valyr, flooding the entirety of the young man's insides as they forced their way to the small black mass near his heart. Ding! Hearing a couple notification sounds resound in his mind, the young man decided to look at it once he had finished absorbing the serpent's Shadow Energy, feeling slightly bloated from having to absorb so much Shadow Energy at once. Then again, it only took a couple of minutes for the young man to finish absorbing all of the Shadow Energy, finally giving him the freedom to take a look at the notifications he had just received. "Huh." [Your Shadow Energy stat has improved by 5 points.] [As you have absorbed the Shadow Energy of a Shadow Serpent, you have improved the innate quality of your Shadow Energy, awakening some of the latent properties that slumber within.] [As you have absorbed the Shadow Energy of a Shadow Serpent, you have awakened the property of Shadow.] [As you have absorbed the Shadow Energy of a Shadow Serpent, you have awakened the property of Energy.] [These properties can be found in greater detail within the skill 'Shadow Energy Mark'.] Closing the screen he had just brought up, Valyr's curiosity was at its peak as he wondered what the system meant by awakening the Shadow Energy's properties. After all, all he knew so far and from his past life was that Shadow Energy was a type of energy similar to mana, but was just more destructive. With that, he decided to command the system to bring up the description of [Shadow Energy Mark] in front of him. However, before he could do so… "I'd suggest you save checking those skills of yours at a later time." Noel had appeared in front of him, looking at him with a stern expression. Faintly curious as to why Noel had given him such advice, Valyr softly tilted his head as he stood up, consuming both a health and mana potion to make sure that he was in the best condition he could achieve currently. Luckily, before he even had to ask a question about it, the old man gave him the answer, grinning from both sides as he told him, "After all, that skill of yours would change once you obtain your new subclass." "I didn't expect you to actually kill the first Shadow Serpent we'd encounter, brat. You've definitely given this old man here quite the shock." Letting out a cackle filled with glee and pride, Noel looked at the young man in front of him with the same grin from earlier, recalling the words the young man had told him back when he had asked Valyr if he wanted the subclass. 'A risk that I won't ever regret, huh.' Inwardly chuckling as the words came to mind, the old man took a deep breath as he composed himself, prompting Valyr's expression to become solemn. 'I gotta give it to him.' 'He hasn't made me regret the decision at all.' "Because of what you've shown me, I've decided that I'm going to improve the rewards you'll receive from my quest." As Noel said these words, a look of slight surprise appeared on Valyr's face, only for it to be soon replaced with faint excitement not long after. "It's the least I could do, especially after seeing how much effort you've put into killing that serpent." "Come closer." Hearing these words from Noel, Valyr faintly nodded as he took a few steps forward. Then, out of nowhere, Noel placed both of his hands on the young man's head, circulating his Abyssal Energy through them not long after. "You know, I've thought about it for a bit while I watched you fight that Shadow Serpent." As the old man planned to accumulate Abyssal Energy in his hands, Noel took the time to give Valyr more insight into what the elder's improved rewards could be. "Would the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass truly be useful to you?" "From one perspective, that may be the case." Just as Valyr was about to respond to the question, Noel interrupted him, causing the former to realize that the latter was narrating his thought process. "After all, you're a spear user." "However, with the curse inflicted on you more or less hindering you from using your spear all the time and having to rely on magic instead, the question came to mind," said Noel. "Eventually, I came to the conclusion that the subclass would still help you out, but not in a way that you could fully make use of it." "With that, I thought about ways I could work around that curse of yours," he continued, his gaze focused on the Abyssal Energy accumulating in his hands. "Perhaps a subclass that would allow your magic to also benefit from its specialties." "And that's when it dawned on me." At these words, Noel flashed a grin at Valyr as he released the Abyssal Energy in his hands, enveloping Valyr's entire body with it.
