shook his head. "Though killing a Shadow Serpent is the quickest way to improve your Shadow Energy, as I've mentioned earlier, it is the riskiest, especially for someone at your level." "You still have a long life ahead of you, Ylvar. There's no need to rush it." He let out a faint sigh soon after before becoming silent. Pondering over something for a bit, Noel eventually looked back at Valyr before giving him a proposal. "How about this? I'll give you three days to think about which among the three methods you're going to use to improve your Shadow Energy. If you're still adamant on killing a Shadow Serpent, then…" "As much as I really don't want you to do it, I'll try my best to find one for you." "…" At those words, Valyr went silent, prompting him to ponder over his choices once more. On one hand, he was happy that Noel wasn't stubborn in stopping him from wanting to kill a Shadow Serpent. After all, it would allow his combat prowess to significantly improve within a shorter timespan. On the other, he felt grateful that the old man was looking out for his safety, yet guilty at the same time since he wanted to do something that was the exact opposite of safe. After mulling over it for a bit more, Valyr eventually told Noel that he'd think about it for the next few days, and he'll tell him his final decision once the three days are up. In response, a relieved smile appeared on Noel's face, nodding in agreement as the two of them eventually made their way back to the Spearman Guild's building, with the two of them parting ways once Noel reminded Valyr to find him once three days had passed. "Huh. Time flies fast." Now at the entrance of the Spearman Guild, Valyr took a look at the sky to see how much time there was left before night. Seeing that there was only around an hour so left before the sun started to set, he decided that he should head back to the inn, lest he wanted Wells to worry about him. However, just as he had taken a few steps in the direction that lead back to the inn, a thought popped up in his mind. 'How about…' 'I take a look at where the Zeihardt clan is residing?' Chapter 307: Forced Ascension As this thought lingered in his mind, Valyr stood in place for a bit as he contemplated once more about how much sunlight there was left before the sky turned dark, thinking of the possibility that Wells might be on the lookout for him since the man had no clue where he had gone after the meeting at the Imperial Production Guild. In the end, he decided to act upon the thought he had come up with, utilizing the entirety of his agility to speed up the process of finding out where the Zeihardt clan estate was located within the city. 'It won't take too much time,' Valyr thought to himself as he started to move about, recalling the objective of the World Quest he had received. From what he could recall, the objective of the World Quest was to head to where the Zeihardt Royal Clan was located, which, thanks to Aster, he now knew that they were located within Algerie Kingdom. With such an objective like that, it only made sense for him to do it now rather than later with how simple the objective was. After all, the objective only told him to head to where it was. There was no such mention of having to head inside, having to find someone there, or anything else. Aside from that, he did not want to find out what would happen if he did not complete the World Quest within the three months that he had been given to head to the kingdom. From the description of the quest alone, it did not take long for him to realize that not completing it would result in dire consequences. 'Speaking of the quest description, didn't I get a notification during the meeting with the Ancestral Council earlier that I gained more information regarding the World Quest?' In the midst of him roaming the streets of Algerie City, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to bring up the quest's description within his mind, omitting the part that he had already read in the past. Ding! [The Future of Humanity (1)] (World Quest) (Linked Quest) (Time-limited Quest) Difficulty: S The Zeihardt Royal Clan… description has been omitted. As the one that is considered by the clan as the Herald of Fate, you are the key that would bring forth a massive change to the current era. However, with the internal strife going on within the Zeihardt clan, it is still unknown whether your existence would bring forth a golden age to humanity, or its darkest age yet. With that, you must find out more about your identity, your existence, and your origin. Amidst the tensions building between the three races that live on the world of Veldanyr, head to the origin of your blood and resolve the problem at its roots. If left unchecked, the existence of the human race would head down a path of no return. At the very moment he was finished reading through the added description on his World Quest, a deep frown appeared on Valyr's face as he inwardly let out a long sigh. 'It seems my identity is far more important than I thought.' 'All the more reason for me to complete the first objective and find out what I have to do next then,' Valyr thought to himself not long after as his body continued to move. Though, sometime later, as he pondered over the thoughts that had formed after reading the updated quest description, a question eventually formed in his mind. "If my identity is incredibly important to the future of humanity according to the World Quest… then why haven't I heard of my name back when I was a player?" Muttering these words to himself, the frown on his face deepened even further as his brows furrowed. With the question in mind, he rummaged through the memories from his past life of Valyr Zeihardt and the Zeihardt clan, only to find out once more that none of them contained any information regarding the two whatsoever, just like when he tried to search for information regarding the Zeihardt clan during his first few days in this world. Back then, he found it slightly peculiar, but did not think too much about it. However, now that he knew more about his body's identity, as well as the clan, he wondered whether his existence, as well as the Zeihardt clan's existence had something to do with the storyline of Greater Beyond's first version. "Haah…" Though he could infer and deduce multiple things from what he knew at the moment, he knew that heading down the speculation rabbit hole would only lead him to a dead end he could not get out of, reminding him once more that he should head to the city's library whenever he was free to do so as he let out a long yet soft sigh. Faintly shaking his head, he placed the thought at the back of his head for the meantime, just like many of the other questions that plagued him, and focused most of his attention on finding the Zeihardt clan estate for now, eventually doing so by the time the sun was already near the horizon. … "How extravagant…" Valyr muttered to himself as he gazed at the estate that appeared before him. Rather than being greeted by the sight of a decently sized manor that could be said to house an entire clan, what appeared in front of him instead was a building that looked more similar to the medieval castles he had seen in his past life, which showed the great amount of power and authority they could wield. Mostly being made out of smoothly chiseled stone, the spires of the castle at the rearmost portion of the castle was colored a reddish brown, bringing a bit of color to the somewhat boring exterior of the castle. Nevertheless, the castle is covered to the brim with multiple trees and greenery, with all of the shrubs found at the entrance of the castle seemingly trimmed to perfection. Yet its extravagance did not end there. On both sides of the castle were large manors that spanned at least four stories tall, prompting Valyr to wonder as to how much people were currently living within the Zeihardt clan estate. However, just before he could take a closer look and make his way towards the estate's gates, one of the guards patrolling around the estate stopped him. "Halt! State your business." With most of the guards' attention now focused on him due to the guards' words, Valyr stood frozen in place for a bit as he wracked his brain to come up with a great excuse as to why he was loitering around. Though, as if the heavens were messing around with him… Ding! [You have completed the quest 'The Future of Humanity (1)'.] [You have gained 500,000 XP.] [Your level has been increased by one. You are now Level 26.] … … … [As you have exceeded the level threshold of a Rank 1 class holder, you shall now undergo a forced ascension.] Chapter 308: Delaying The Process As the notification sound resounded in his mind, Valyr went ahead and took a look at the notifications he had received within his mind. While looking through them, he felt a faint smile creeping up on his face as he thought that it was worth it for him to make a detour to the Zeihardt clan estate before he made his way back to the inn. However, as he continued to look through the notifications, his expression was swiftly replaced with a frown as his attention was focused on the final notification. 'If I remember correctly, something like this didn't happen back when I was still a player…' Rummaging through the memories he had from his past life, Valyr checked through all of them to see if he or any other player he had come across had experienced a similar phenomenon to what he was currently going through, which was a forced ascension. Of course, Valyr quickly understood what a forced ascension meant, especially since the notification that talked about it gave him the information he needed to know to find out what caused it. Unsurprisingly, he had deduced the cause of this forced ascension to be the level increase reward from completing the World Quest, though coming to this realization made it all the more peculiar to him. 'Yeah… this didn't happen back then.' After rummaging through all of his memories, he eventually found a couple that seemed to start off in the same way, wherein he or another player had completed a quest that had a level increase reward, even though they were already at the level limit for their rank. However, rather than the system forcing them to undergo their ascension to the next rank, what happened instead was that the level increase reward did not apply. Instead, the reward adjusted itself and adopted part of the nature of the XP system, transforming into something that would only come to effect once the player had ascended to the next rank. With that in mind, Valyr went through multiple possibilities in his head as to why the current phenomenon he was experiencing was nowhere to be found in his memory whatsoever. Naturally, the logical conclusion that he arrived at was that the forced ascension feature was considered a bug during the beta, prompting it to be removed before the first version of Greater Beyond was even released. Though, just as he contemplated a bit more as to the reason why it could be considered a bug, he felt a foreboding feeling wash over his body as the ever familiar chime of the system resounded in his head. Ding! [Due to the user not taking the initiative, instead ignoring their current situation, the system has taken it upon itself to begin the ascension process.] [Please select the species and the class you would like to ascend with.] [Note: Further ignorance of the ascension process shall result in dire consequences. It is highly recommended for the user to interact with the ascension process as fast as possible.] "Mngh…" Just as he had finished reading through the notifications he had received, two small screens listing down the species and classes he could transition into had appeared before him, only for a slight wave of pain to wash over his body not long after. Gritting his teeth in response as he endured the pain, Valyr took in a deep breath as one of the guards repeated their question to him once more, asking him as to what he was doing loitering around the Zeihardt clan estate. At first, he planned to reply to the guard's question in order for them to not think of him as some person with malicious intent towards the Zeihardt clan. Unfortunately, just as he was about to open his mouth to respond, yet another wave of pain far more intense than earlier coursed throughout his body, causing him to instead let out a shriek. Naturally, the guards had now become wary of Valyr, thinking that the man before them might do something rash towards them and the clan they were protecting. Fortunately for them, just as they had gripped tightly onto their respective weapons… Whoosh! Valyr decided to dash away in the opposite direction of the estate while continuing to endure the pain as best as he could. Seeing that, the guards only remained vigilant for a few more seconds before returning to their earlier states, making sure to note down the suspicious entity that decided to loiter near the Zeihardt clan estate out of nowhere. On the other hand, that same suspicious entity now headed towards the inn at the highest speed he could muster, utilizing the entirety of his stats to their limits as his body went into autopilot. With the pain he felt gradually getting worse the longer he ignored it, most of the thoughts in his mind eventually turned into one unified thought. 'Get back to the inn… and ascend!' Though Valyr had the choice to ascend in front of the guards to alleviate his forced ascension problem, there were many reasons why he opted not to. Among those reasons, the most important one was the fact that if someone were to recognize him even in his disguise and had a highly leveled [Analysis] skill, then he was basically serving himself to the Zeihardt clan on a silver platter, giving them the information they needed to render his strengths ineffective before he could act. With that, he continued to grit through the pain he felt, eventually arriving at the inn with blood gradually trickling out of his eyes. Ignoring the various gazes he obtained from the people that he passed by, with most of them filled with horror, Valyr eventually arrived at the room he and Wells were staying in, quickly noticing that Wells was waiting near the room's door all this time. "You're finally back." At the very instant Valyr entered the room, Wells inwardly let out a long sigh of relief. Though, just as he was about to ask what his friend had been up to throughout the day, he took note of the pained expression on his face, as well as the blood that continued to trickle out from his eyes, only to notice that blood also started to trickle out of the man's nose as well. With Valyr briefly gazing at him, getting the feeling that he was telling him through the gaze that he would explain everything late, Wells could only nod in response as Valyr made his way to his part of the room, sitting down on the ground before making his choice on what kind of species he would like to ascend to. "Agh! Heck!" Chapter 309: Entering The Next Rank Deciding to wait by the common area of the room for a bit more after Valyr made his way to his part of the room, Wells heard Valyr scream out a few times in great agony, causing an expression of concern to appear on the former's face as he wondered what his friend was going through. After all, he had never expected his friend to show up in that state all of a sudden. Though, just as he eventually made a decision to find out what was going on with Valyr as he still heard his friend cry out in pain every once in a while, his mind briefly halted at the very moment he heard a faint thud resound from Valyr's part of the room, causing Wells to head to where Valyr was with no hesitation. Once he was there, he stood frozen in place, left at a loss for words at the sight that was in front of him. On the floor was Valyr lying down on his back with his face mostly covered in the dried-up blood that trickled down his face earlier. Continuing to look at his friend, Wells noticed that Valyr's eyes were now closed, making him feel slightly worried that his friend had entered some sort of critical condition out of nowhere. Fortunately, that was not the case, with Wells letting out a long sigh of relief after examining his friend for quite some time. Still feeling a bit of worry towards his friend since he did not know what Valyr did after the meeting at the Imperial Production Guild, Wells decided to help his friend out in the meantime, wondering when his friend would wake up from his slumber. … "Mnnn…" After what seemed to be a long time for Valyr, he eventually opened his eyes as he sat upright, gazing at nothing for a short while to allow his consciousness to become alert. Surprisingly, it took far less time for his consciousness to return to its usual state as memories of what had transpired before he had gone unconscious flashed through his mind, causing him to look at his current surroundings with a hint of fear. However, after realizing that he was in his part of the room both he and Wells were staying in at the Hama Inn, this fear eventually subsided, being replaced instead with the feeling of confusion as he recalled that he had passed out on the floor of his part of the room, not on his bed. "Took you long enough to wake up." Of course, it did not take long for him to find out the cause for his current situation, a bitter smile adorning his face as he looked at the man that had just entered his part of the room. "You do know you've made me stay up a bit later than usual since I had to clean off the blood from your face, right?" "You did?" Hearing the words that came out of Wells' mouth, Valyr headed towards a nearby mirror as he lightly caressed his face, quickly noticing that his skin felt a bit softer compared to back then. Aside from that, he noticed that his body felt a tad stronger than before, making him remember that he had gone through the ascension process beyond his own volition before falling unconscious. Deciding to put the matter of ascending to the next rank at the back of his head, he returned his attention back to his face, taking note that none of the blood that trickled down his face could be seen anymore, causing him to feel a hint of guilt at the fact that he had forced Wells to see him in a horrible state, as well as take care of him while he was still unconscious. Though, just as he was about to apologize to him after what he had him go through, Wells seemingly already had an idea of what was going on in Valyr's mind. "I don't need any apology from you. After all, I'm sure you'd probably do the same thing if you were in my shoes." As Valyr nodded with a faint smile in response to his words, Wells continued. "Instead, what I want to hear from you is how you ended up in that state last night." "I've been out for half a day, huh." Muttering out these words as he let out a light sigh, Valyr took in a deep breath as he organized all of the thoughts in his mind before narrating to Wells what he had been up to after the two of them parted ways yesterday. With that, Valyr started off his narration at the moment he had left the Imperial Production Guild after the meeting, informing him that he had gone to the Spearman Guild to obtain his subclass. Unsurprisingly, the question of Wells' subclass amidst this narration, with Valyr curious as to what kind of subclass Wells was planning to obtain. In response, Wells told him that it would be a subclass that suited him very well and synergized with his current class, Spear Scholar, to a considerable extent. After nodding in response to Wells' answer, Valyr continued where he left off, telling Wells that he had gone on a detour to complete a quest that could be completed along the way. Omitting the fact that it was a World Quest, he eventually told him that one of the rewards for the quest was a level increase reward, which made him go over the level limit for a Rank 1 class holder. "With that, I had to go through something called a forced ascension," said Valyr to Wells. "At first, I ignored it since I still had to complete a few more parts of my quest, but then pain started to kick in after some time." "What you saw last night was the
