appearance of the other child you mentioned?" "Ah, my apologies." Though a slight frown appeared on An'xhur's face after Valyr interrupted him, once he had finished listening to the latter's statement, the half-orc went ahead and recounted his narration of his life so far, causing him to realize that he had indeed skipped what seemed to be quite an important detail. "I didn't want to bore you with details regarding my upbringing, so I decided to skip it," said An'xhur a couple seconds later, to which Valyr responded that there was no need for him to skip over the details, informing him that it would be better if he went into great detail to get a better idea of what he had to do. With that, An'xhur nodded in response to Valyr's words before retracing his narration to before he had mentioned the other child that would become the cause of the situation he and Valyr were currently in. "Going back a bit, ever since I was born, I was considered a prodigy. I could engage in basic communication by the time I was only two months old, only for it to improve to being able to engage in lengthy conversations by the time I was three months old." "Due to how I was blessed with great strength and talent, I was also quick in picking up the fighting style of the orcs, as well as the magic of humans, allowing me to wield both of them to a considerable degree by the time I was two years old," An'xhur continued. "At that point, many people that were close to my parents considered me as someone who would grow up to become a fine prince, if not the potential heir to the throne my father occupied." At these words, An'xhur flashed a couple of images in the sphere that pertained to his youth, giving Valyr more insight to how monstrously talented the half-orc was in his early years. "Of course, even though my intellect at that time had improved to be able to hold conversations with many people, all I aimed at the time was to make my parents happy. Thus, if they wanted me to grow up as someone who would take over father's place as emperor, then I would do so if it meant seeing the smiles on my parents' faces." "Then again, an unstable element to achieving that dream appeared by the time I was three years old." Uttering these words, An'xhur adopted a grim expression as a faint hint of rage could be felt from the aura he emanated. "While I was furthering my proficiency in the magic arts, my father came to where I was training, holding a young baby with a smile." "Curious, I asked him if the baby was my sibling," said An'xhur before letting out a faint sigh soon after. "In response, my father told me that he was my half-sibling. In other words, my mother and his mother were different." "As I was still a young child, I did not really understand what father meant by him being my half-sibling. If anything, I was just glad at the time that there would be someone else who would accompany me in my goal of being the one to inherit the throne." "For the first five or so years, him and I were considered inseparable." Saying these words, An'xhur showed Valyr a set of images through the sphere that showed two young orcs, with one being considerably taller than the other. With a hint of disgust briefly flashing through his expression, the half-orc continued. "He would always accompany me whenever I tried in the fighting style of orcs, or whenever I was learning the magic arts, telling me from time to time that he would grow up to become someone like me someday." "However, by the time I had reached the age of adolescence, the close relationship we've formed throughout the years gradually began to disappear." "Out of nowhere, he started to accompany me less and less, first giving me excuses as to why he couldn't come, though he eventually began to just say that he couldn't come with me." Recalling the memories he had mentioned whilst he was in the midst of narrating, An'xhur could not stop himself from letting out a sigh as he bitterly smiled. "As I considered him my brother-in-arms, it definitely hurt me a lot to see him distance himself from me, especially when I have no idea why he began to do so in the first place." "Nevertheless, I remained steadfast in achieving the goal I have given myself, improving my foundation of knowledge whilst strengthening my combat and magic prowess as well." "By the time I was around 16, I had found a way to utilize the magic arts that would make it inherently unique to the orcs." "By the time I was 23, I had expanded upon the method of utilization I discovered and created an entirely new system of magic even normal orcs could pick up, which caused the entire empire to celebrate the achievement for over a month." "By the time I was 36, I was finished improving the new magic system to an acceptable level. With that, I focused my sights on the fighting styles the orcs generally used in combat, wanting to achieve something similar to what I had done for magic." "By the time I was 38, I had optimized and improved upon the general fighting styles of the orcs, allowing those who had learned of it to fight against more foes in combat compared to those who hadn't. It was also at that time I had finally become an Epic, utilizing all of my life experience at that point to form my Intent." "By the time I was 47, I had distilled the essences of the fighting styles and used it to create a brand new fighting style that minimize the disadvantages of the fighting styles that came before it while maximizing the advantages at the same time." Going through the things he had done in his life, the smile that adorned An'xhur's face grew wider and wider as the images on the sphere changed accordingly. "Unfortunately, unlike the new magic system I had built to be compatible with all orcs, the fighting style I created was only suitable for me to use, with only the elite of the elite amongst the orcs being able to show a fraction of the fighting style I had made after I taught them." "Thankfully, even that small fraction they could show was far greater than the might shown by the conventional fighting styles, allowing the orc race to occupy a far greater territory due to the might we now showed." "By the time I had approached my late fifties, I had already reached the peak of Rank 5, at that point being known as the one who would naturally inherit the throne my father continued to occupy." At those words, An'xhur showed Valyr a set of images of the half-orc interacting with the masses, all of them having an expression of awe and admiration whenever they looked at An'xhur. "About a year or two after I had reached the peak of Rank 5, my understanding of the Intent had finally reached a qualitative breakthrough, transforming into a Force and thus making me a Legend." "It was at that point that I put a great amount of effort to improving the magic system I had made in the past, as well as the fighting style I had created. With how much I now knew compared to before, I found a ton of flaws in both the magic system and the fighting style, which I would have not noticed back then if not for the greater understanding my Force had given me." "Within a few years after I began my undertaking, the effectiveness and the strength of the magic system had improved multiple times, only being pushed further with the establishment of an organization solely dedicated to improving it even further." Feeling great pride at what he had done, An'xhur beamed a grin. "At that point, even the Meltierre Empire had become envious of the magic system we had, asking our empire if a few of their people could pick up the magic arts we had created. Of course, we accepted, seeing as how the relationship between our empires were considerably close." "As for the fighting style I made, I took it upon myself to improve it where anyone among the orcs would be able to pick it up. Though it had taken almost a decade to do so, I was successful, with my fighting style basically becoming the standard fighting style of the orcs due to its flexibility and power." "Around that time, I was already in my seventies," said An'xhur, looking at Valyr to see if he was still listening. Seeing as the latter was still attentive, the half-orc faintly nodded before continuing. "Though I could still improve upon the two things I had given to the orc race and possibly create more things in the meantime, I've decided to focus on myself for a bit and achieve something only a select few within the orc race had done." "Transcend mortality and become a Myth." At these words, An'xhur's eyes glistened like the stars, only for it to swiftly disappear as a wry smile appeared on his face soon after. "Coincidentally, it was at that time that my half-sibling decided to make amends." Chapter 397: The Other Side Of The Coin At the moment An'xhur mentioned how his half-sibling had returned at the later stages of his life to make amends with the former, Valyr proceeded to look at the half-orc that was on the opposite side of the sphere, looking at the man for a bit with an inquisitive gaze. 'I think I have an idea on how it's gonna go down.' Listening to An'xhur narrate his life up to this point, as well as introduce him to many of the things he had contributed to the prosperity of the orc race, Valyr felt hat he now had a good idea of the man's general personality, thinking that the man was inherently selfless, even though the goal that started it all was somewhat selfish in the first place. As the gears continued to turn in Valyr's mind, hypothesizing how the inclusion of An'xhur's half-sibling in the later stages of the half-orc's life would lead to the man's eventual demise, An'xhur took in a few deep breaths to calm himself down, feeling slightly agitated as he recalled everything that happened. His agitation over the matter had reached the point where even the faint rage hidden beneath his area had become palpable to Valyr, making the young man feel as if the other side was out to kill him a hundred times over. Fortunately, An'xhur's murderous intent only lasted for a few seconds, allowing Valyr to let out a sigh of relief after, thinking to himself that he might have fainted from the intent if it had lasted for a couple more seconds. Realizing his slight blunder, An'xhur apologized to Valyr for letting his emotions get the better to him, to which the latter replied that it was fine, considering how the former was digging up memories that were incredibly painful for him. Hearing how the young man was so understanding of his current situation, a faint smile appeared on An'xhur's face as he composed himself for a bit longer, eventually continuing his narration from where he left off. "Though I was slightly perturbed by the fact that my half-sibling had decided to make amends with me even though a long time has already passed, you could say that I was already expecting something like that to happen at some point." As these words left An'xhur's mouth, the images on the sphere showed An'xhur's current appearance alongside an orc that was a head shorter than the half-orc, the latter's expression giving Valyr the feeling that multiple things were going on in the orc's mind. Although he was curious as to why this was the picture An'xhur had decided to show him, getting the feeling that he had chosen it due to the words he had spoken, it paled in comparison to the curiosity he felt after hearing the half-orc mention that he had already expected his half-sibling to make amends with him. Taking note of the fact that Valyr's interest was piqued, An'xhur flashed a brief smirk as he spoke once more. "For a great portion of my life, I have focused my time on forming a unique magic system the orcs could greatly utilize, as well as creating a physical fighting style that brought out the best within an orc's body." "With that in mind, you'd be inclined to think that I isolated myself from the masses to focus most, if not all of my attention on what I was working, right?" Hearing the question that left An'xhur's mouth, Valyr responded with a faint nod, feeling that it was the natural move one would make if one needed to put a great amount of their focus on something. Seeing the young man's response to his question, An'xhur nodded back. "Well, it is natural for one to remove all external distractions from their immediate surroundings if one needed to put in all of their focus on something. In fact, even I couldn't avoid doing that during my work on those two achievements of mine." "However, ever since that half-sibling of mine decided to distance himself out of nowhere, I had a hunch that I needed to be aware of my surroundings at all times, with it only expanding to cover the entire empire at some point in the future." "With that, I employed an information network to keep me updated of what was going on at all times, allowing me to focus on my work regarding the magic system and the fighting style, while at the same time still being aware of the happenings surrounding the empire." "At some point, I started receiving news related to my half-sibling." Saying these words, the image on the sphere shifted to a set of papers scattered all around a floor, prompting Valyr to move closer to get a better look at the text written on it. At first, he could not understand the words on the pieces of paper at all, which made sense to the young man due to the difference in the language they knew. Fortunately, noticing Valyr's confusion whilst looking at the sphere, An'xhur infused a bit of his mana into the sphere, translating the words on the pieces of paper to where Valyr could read it. "While I was focused on creating a magic system for the betterment of the orc race, he was focused on improving his relations with the higher-ups of the orc race, trying to gather the noble clans and families of the orc race to be on his side," said An'xhur soon after. "By the time I had shifted my focus to a general fighting style, he was already try to curry up favor with the ones that made most of the decisions in the empire." "Though all of them eventually agreed to be on his side, my half-sibling seemed to have noticed that they weren't fully committed, prompting him to think about the possible reasons for it." At this point, An'xhur changed the images on the sphere to show Valyr some of the prominent figures of the Khagarax Empire while An'xhur was still alive. "Eventually, he found out that the reason for them still wavering in fully committing to my half-sibling's side…" "…was me." Chapter 398: A Sage’s Reason For Vengeance 'I had a feeling.' By the time An'xhur mentioned to Valyr that he was the reason why the higher-ups of the orc race still wavered in their support for his half-sibling, the latter inwardly let out a chuckle, though his body language still remained the same. Of course, it was not like he had to mull over it for a long time to come to such a conclusion. With how An'xhur seemed to be the ideal heir of the orc race, formulating a new system of magic and a new physical combat style that would increase the strength of the orc race to greater heights, it wasn't surprising to Valyr that there would be a few others who would grow envious of his feats. It's only unfortunate that one of those people would be his half-sibling. "As I've mentioned earlier, by the time I was already in my seventies, changing my goals to transcend the concept of mortality and become a Myth, my half-sibling had approached me one day in the hopes of making amends." Feeling the rage he had inadvertently released earlier bubbling up once more, An'xhur took the initiative to suppress it, taking a long and deep breath to calm his emotions. "Naturally, with the information I had on my half-sibling regarding his currying of favor with the empire's higher-ups, I became wary of his intentions from the very start, wondering what he planned on doing. After all, I was a hindrance to his goal." As An'xhur began narrating this portion of his life, it was as if he had forgotten the existence of the sphere altogether, prompting Valyr to rely on his mind to imagine what had transpired through the half-orc's words. "However, out of all the things I expected him to say to me after growing apart for a very long time, I definitely wasn't expecting him to say that to me." "What did he say?" asked Valyr, his mind hard at work imagining the scenario An'xhur was narrating. "I know I was the one who distanced myself from you, but is it possible for us to still return to how we were back then?" As An'xhur said these words, Valyr felt a multitude of emotions from the man's voice. Considering how the half-orc and his half-sibling had distanced themselves from each other for over six decades, it was no surprise that Valyr felt longing, relief, as well as a hint of sadness from An'xhur's tone. To him, it felt as if An'xhur was conveying to him how the statement meant a lot to him at the time. However, amidst those emotions, there was one that stood far above all of those, being the most obvious emotion Valyr felt from the man's tone. Pain. Unimaginable pain. Allowing the statement he had uttered to linger in his mind, tears started to well up around An'xhur's eyes as his voice carried that same feeling. "At that moment, it was as if all my suspicion had disappeared within an instant. Then, for a while after that, I wondered how my half-sibling and I would've grown up to become if we had continued to stick together." "Of course, my suspicion towards him was still there, but…" An'xhur let out a deep sigh. "Man, was I a fool." "Because of just one statement, I thought to myself… why not give the man a second chance?" "How utterly foolish I was to do so." Looking at An'xhur as he said these words, Valyr noticed that the tears that welled around his eyes earlier had now trickled down, even though the man tried his best not to make it obvious through his voice. Doing what he had been doing all this time, Valyr remained silent, allowing An'xhur to collect his thoughts and compose himself, sniffling from time to time as the man relived the memories he had brought back up in his mind. Eventually, after a couple of minutes, the half-orc let out a long and deep sigh, the feeling of pain An'xhur felt from making such a decision palpable to Valyr through the sigh he let out. "Apologies for letting my emotions get the better of me," said An'xhur after the sigh, flashing a bitter smile at Valyr whilst his face remained stained with tears. "Also, thank you for giving me time to collect myself." "Haah…" Once more, An'xhur let out yet another deep sigh, being reminded of the foolish choice he had made. "After that meeting, it was if he and I had returned to our younger days, becoming an inseparable duo that everyone in the empire knew of." "Whilst I was preparing for my ascension to a Rank 6 class, he would accompany me, asking me a couple of things from time to time regarding my understanding of my Force, as well as a couple of other things regarding the magic style and fighting style I had made." "In exchange, I would accompany him to his meetings with the higher-ups, engaging in the pleasantries they generally took delight in as the relationship between them and us two would deepen." At these words, a slightly pained expression took over An'xhur's face. "With how much time had passed since we started accompanying each other again and how he was transparent in everything he did in front of me, my suspicions regarding his intentions gradually disappeared." "This arrangement continued for about five years or so," said An'xhur, his expression returning to normal. "At that point, I felt that I was more than ready to ascend to a Rank 6 class…" "So, I asked him and a few others to guard me while doing so." "With that, we headed to a secluded yet distant area in the empire, making sure that my ascension process wouldn't be disturbed in any way." An'xhur let out a low sigh. "After everyone had made sure that they were ready, I then began ascending to Rank 6." "At first, everything was going smoothly. My Legacy was as solid as it could be, allowing me to choose the class and species I would evolve into without any difficulty." "With that, the only thing left was to transform my Force into a Concept. Thanks to the environment the ascension process had put me in, I wholeheartedly focused on increasing my understanding of my Force to where it would achieve yet another qualitative breakthrough, eventually being successful in
