what he was going to do. Of course, even though he told himself that he was going to create a gun, what he was specifically going to make was the ancestor of all guns. The fire lance. From the knowledge given to him by the Technology Tree, as well as the research he had done in his past life after unlocking it, the fire lance was initially invented as a way to surprise one's foes with a small explosion in combat. With the element of surprise on their side, the wielder of the fire lance would be able to plunge their spear deep into their enemies, allowing the chances of their side winning to increase. At this thought, Valyr could not stop himself from letting out a faint chuckle. After all, from another perspective, that meant that the ancestor of all guns was a spear. "Then again, it's more like an attachment to the spear rather than the entire spear itself," clarified the young man to himself soon after, realizing sometime later that the fire lance was just basically a pistol with a cumbersome handle that was a pain in the ass to reload. "In any case, it's not like I can't tinker around with how I go about making the fire lance." Briefly shrugging his shoulders at the thought, Valyr moved all of the items he wouldn't need for the meantime to the side, leaving only three cloth sacks on the center of the table. "Now that I think about it, emulating the matchlock mechanism wouldn't be that hard…" "…in concept anyway." After that, he opened the sacks, revealing its contents to him. "For now…" "I need to make gunpowder." Bringing up the information he had gotten from unlocking the relevant advancement in his Technology Tree, Valyr looked at the three sacks for a bit before looking around the workshop for a bowl he could use to dump the contents in. Eventually finding a box that could serve as a makeshift bowl for the meantime, the young man faintly scratched the back of his head as he went over the process in his mind. "Saltpeter, charcoal, and sulfur," Valyr muttered. "The first step is to crush these three things into a fine powder first. After that, I would have to mix them in a specific ratio and make sure that the whole mixture looks homogenous." "Once the color is consistent all throughout, I would've successfully made myself the most basic version of gunpowder." Nodding after going through the steps in his mind a couple of times, the young man went ahead and grabbed a bit of charcoal from one of the sacks, plopping it into the box before swinging the Hammer of Beginnings down on it. Bang! Bang! Bang! "I might need a few more boxes." Feeling the table wobble after the first couple hits from his hammer, Valyr made the smart decision to move the box with the charcoal onto the anvil before continuing. However, before he could even pulverize the charcoal into a fine powder, the box he had been using as a bowl could not withstand the force, shattering into pieces. "…" Looking at the broken pieces of wood and fragments of charcoal spread all over the floor, the young man took in a long and deep breath as he pinched the space between his eyebrows. "On second thought, I need to get me a mortar and pestle." Cleaning up the mess he had made, Valyr asked an attendant to bring him a mortar and pestle sometime after he was done. Then, while waiting for the mortar and pestle to come, he decided to forge a few decently sized bowls out of metal, feeling like he would be making a ton of gunpowder for the foreseeable future. "Here you go, sir. A mortar and pestle." Surprisingly, the attendant had not arrived with the item Valyr requested until after two hours had passed, looking at the young man with an apologetic expression. "I checked the guild's equipment room first if we had any spare mortar and pestles made by other blacksmiths. However, there were none, so I had to make a trip to the Alchemist Guild and get one from there." "I apologize for making you wait so long." At these words, Valyr patted the attendant on the shoulder and gave them a young smile. After that, he gave the attendant a few platinum coins, which left the latter at a complete loss for words. "Good work." Grabbing the mortar and pestle from the attendant, the young man went ahead and returned to where the items were, leaving the dumbfounded attendant alone before they eventually decided to leave on their own accord. "Alright. Let's start over." With a few bowls made out of iron laid out on the table, Valyr plopped the mortar and pestle onto the table before going through the gunpowder making process all over again. "First off… the charcoal." Taking a handful of charcoal from the sack, the young man began to carefully grind it into a fine powder, adding more of the pieces he had grabbed after seeing there was more space in the mortar. By the time a half hour had passed, he had filled the mortar halfway with charcoal, prompting him to dump it into one of the bowls before proceeding onto the next step. "Saltpeter." Similar to the charcoal, Valyr dropped a few pieces of saltpeter into the mortar before proceeding to grind it. Then, once he noticed that the saltpeter he had put in at first had already turned to fine powder, only then did he add more saltpeter, repeating the process all over again. "Last but not the least, sulfur." Dumping the ground saltpeter into another bowl, the young man noticed how the saltpeter had taken on a slight gray color, prompting him to think about the charcoal from earlier. Wondering if this would affect the gunpowder mixture later, the young man eventually shrugged his shoulders in response, thinking that its effects would probably not be much. With that, he went through the same process with the sulfur, turning into a fine powder that had been partly contaminated with the saltpeter and charcoal he had ground before. Briefly scratching the back of his head as he looked at the fine powders he had created, the young man let out a sigh before proceeding to mix the items into another bowl in a specific ratio. Stirring it thoroughly with a metal rod, Valyr removed the metal rod from the bowl after he noticed that the color of the mixture had become homogenous. Dumping a bit of the mixture into yet another bowl, the young man grabbed a piece of wood before lighting it with the furnace, only to then drop it onto the bowl with the mixture. 'Here we go…' Hastily distancing himself from the bowl as he covered his ears, Valyr was expecting to hear a loud bang to echo throughout the room. However… Fizz… Rather than hear a loud bang, the sound he heard instead was similar to what one would hear from a campfire. In fact, the sight within his bowl was quite similar, with the mixture having turned into smoldering embers. "Well then…" Seeing that his first attempt at making gunpowder was a failure, a bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face. Nevertheless, he was not discouraged at all, instead expecting it after thinking about the questions he had asked himself during the process. "Guess it's time to do it all over again." Dumping out the contents of the bowl into the furnace, the young man took in a deep breath as he began to go through the process all over again, making sure to not make the mistakes he had done in his first attempt. In any case, no matter how many attempts it would end up taking him, Valyr was going to make sure that before the inheritance began… He would get his hands on some godDarn gunpowder. Chapter 569: Creating a Firearm "Attempt number… what number was I on again?" Over the course of a day and a half, Valyr had allocated most of his time towards his attempts to make gunpowder, only for most of it to end up a failure. Though he had gotten lucky on some of his attempts along the way, he decided to keep continuing, wanting to make sure that he had the entire process fully committed to memory. "Well, whatever number I may be on, I've tweaked the ratio to where it's 75 parts saltpeter, 15 parts charcoal, and 10 parts sulfur." Taking in a deep breath, he placed a bit of the mixture he had just finished stirring onto another bowl before isolating it from the production area. "During the last few attempts, the gunpowder mixture has become explosive, but it's still lacking that small oomph I'm looking for." Thinking about the multiple number of attempts Valyr had done thus far, the young man was reminded of the initial ratio he was working with, which came from the knowledge instilled in him from unlocking the gunpowder advancement on the Technology Tree. "I wonder why the system thought 30 parts saltpeter, 55 parts charcoal, and 15 parts sulfur to be the perfect ratio in making gunpowder." Inwardly shrugging his shoulders at the thought as he was thankful he had not stopped experimenting the mixture's ratio, the young man took in a deep breath before proceeding to light the mixture with a torch he had lit beforehand. "3… 2… 1…" Bit by bit, he moved the torch closer to the bowl, enveloping his entire body in a layer of mana in the process as a safety measure. Fortunately for him, once the first few embers had made contact with the gunpowder mixture he made… Bang! Within seconds, the entire mixture on the bowl ignited, being accompanied by a small cloud of smoke. As the smoke gradually dissipated on its own, the young man retracted the torch back while shifting his attention towards the bowl, whose surface only had soot and a bit of residue remaining. "I can finally move onto making the actual fire lance." Pouring a great amount of water on the bowl to avoid any mishaps, the young man briefly let out a cackle, feeling great joy at the fact that he had successfully learned how to make gunpowder. Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief at finally being able to move forward, Valyr grabbed the bowl he had used to do gunpowder testing before heading back to the production area. Once there, he went ahead and combined all of the charcoal, saltpeter, and sulfur he had ground earlier into one giant bowl, keeping in mind the specific ratio he had just unlocked. … "This will last me for quite some time." By the time a couple of hours had passed, the young man had converted most of the charcoal, saltpeter, and sulfur he had gotten into the gunpowder mixture, deciding to use one of the now empty sacks to store the mixture for the meantime. "Now that I think about it, I should get my hands on a larger spatial bracelet before the inheritance begins." "Or should I ask a mage to expand the space within the spatial bracelet I currently have?" Removing all unnecessary items from the table he was using as his work area, the young man took a look at the items he had put to the side earlier, only to grab a few of them and place them on the table sometime later. "Cordage, a hollowed-out tube made out of treated Stonewood, a rod also made out of treated Stonewood, and the gunpowder mixture I made earlier." Deciding to save the topic of his spatial bracelet for some other time, the young man brought up the knowledge he had gotten from the Technology Tree regarding the creation of the fire lance, closing his eyes for a bit as he thought about the process. "Since I'm using the fire lance solely to gain more knowledge on how to make a gun, there's no need for me to make a spear tip." Feeling like he had gotten a good idea of what he had to do, the young man went ahead and grabbed the wooden rod and wooden tube, affixing the tube onto one end of the rod with some string coated in strong adhesive. "Speaking of which, I'll save the blueprint making part for when I've obtained all of the knowledge I could," muttered the young man, nodding in satisfaction as the tube stayed intact even after he swung the rod with a lot of force. "Though the system would help me remove the possible issues that may arise here and there, I'd rather have it help me improve the final product than fix my problems." Seeing that the tube won't move no matter what he did, Valyr proceeded to create a hole on the covered end of the tube with a hand drill, inwardly thanking the workshop for having such a tool on hand. Then, after making sure that the hole could be seen on the other side, he went ahead and cut a bit of cordage before shoving it through the hole. "Now that I think about it, how did the gunpowder not pour out of the tube?" As this question came to mind, the young man scooped a bit of the gunpowder mixture before pouring it into the tube, tapping the entire structure a couple of times to make sure the gunpowder was tightly packed inside. "Well, whatever the answer may be, it's time to test this thing out." Satisfied with the amount of gunpowder within the tube, Valyr proceeded to light the cordage he had attached before changing his grip over the entire thing into a grip that would suit gun usage more. . Watching the cordage slowly burn off, a couple of thoughts surfaced in the young man's mind in response to his earlier question. However, before he could think about those thoughts any further… Bang! As the lit cordage and the gunpowder within the tube interacted, a flash of light briefly appeared on the open end of the tube as a loud explosion resounded soon after. While that was happening, the young man felt the fire lance greatly tremble due to the explosion, prompting him to strengthen his grip over the entire thing while his ears rang for a brief moment. "I… am definitely stupid." Giving his arms some time to get over the recoil he felt from the fire lance, the young man placed the fire lance to the side for the meantime as he noticed a few of the blacksmiths leave their workshop due to the sound he had made. Apologizing for interrupting them one by one, Valyr was only able to return to the workshop after about ten minutes had passed. "I should really wear ear protection next time." Taking a look at the fire lance to see if the tube had suffered any damage, the young man was glad to find out that the tube only looked to be covered in the soot generated by the explosion. Gleeful over the success of his first attempt on making the fire lance, the young man brought the fire lance with him to the center of the workshop as multiple thoughts began to arise in his mind. "With the fire lance being a success…" "It's time to move onto the next step." "Further experimentation and modification." Chapter 570: The Day Before Departure "To think he hadn't left the workshop even after upgrading his armor to Epic+ rarity…" Walking through the corridor that led to the guild's various private workshops, Julian faintly shook his head as he lightly sighed. "Doesn't he know he has to depart for the inheritance tomorrow?" From the time Julian had entered the workshop Valyr was occupying to give the latter his identification badge and news about the negotiation, roughly three days had unknowingly passed, with the day the Four Pillars' Inheritance opened happening tomorrow. Of course, in those three days, Valyr had put in most of his attention towards creating gunpowder, making a fire lance, as well as modifying the fire lance he had made into something more gun-like. However, Julian knew nothing about that. "Valyr, you there?" Letting out a low sigh as he thought about reprimanding Valyr for losing track of his time, all of those thoughts briefly disappeared as Julian caught the faint scent of something burning wafting throughout the young man's workshop. For a while, a bit of concern appeared on the man's face as he thought Valyr had gotten into an accident of sorts. "Yeah? What's wrong?" Fortunately for him, all of those concerns swiftly disappeared once he heard the familiar energetic voice of the young man, prompting Julian to let out a sigh of relief as he made his way into the workshop. "I just wanted to remind you that you'll have to depart for the inheritance tomorrow." With the concern he felt for the young man's safety, thoughts of reprimanding the young man disappeared from his mind as he instead bluntly told Valyr his reasons for coming. "Though, from the looks of it, it seems like you haven't forgotten it?" "How could I?" Hearing Julian's question, Valyr let out a bit of laughter, his body entirely relaxed as he sat down on a chair. "Aside from the fact that I was sure you'd reprimand me if I forgot, I would definitely regret it if I missed the opening of the inheritance." "Well, I'm glad that you know there are consequences to missing it, at least." Before entering the workshop, Julian expected the young man to still be engrossed in the work he was doing. However, with reality in front of him being a stark contrast to his expectations, the man could only let out a slightly awkward chuckle. "Oh, right. I smelled something burning before entering the workshop." Feeling the air around them becoming more awkward, the man decided to change the topic to what he had noticed earlier, a slightly worried expression appearing on his face. "Did a fire break out here or something?" "Ah, that." Raising his eyebrow in slight confusion, Valyr eventually put two and two in his mind as he briefly chuckled. Standing from his seat, he then made his way to a table placed a considerable distance away from the furnace, prompting Julian to look at the table. Or, more specifically, the item that was placed on its surface. "This would be the cause of that scent you smelled," said Valyr, pointing at the item on the table. "I suppose you've gotten noise complaints from a few blacksmiths the past few days?" "I did." With his eyes slightly widening, Julian nodded, recalling the multiple documents he had gotten about it. "Don't tell me you also had something to do with that?" "Yeah…" Awkwardly chuckling, Valyr scratched the back of his head with a nod. "Well, I had no choice if I wanted to make this item." "What kind of item is it anyway?" At that question, Julian looked at the item in greater detail, taking note of the long metal tube that made up most of it. Affixed to its covered end was a handle that looked to be made out of treated wood, shaped in a way where the wielder would be able to grip on it without a problem. Deciding to pick up the item, Julian eventually noticed that there was a small hole on the side of the tube near the grip. Slightly tilting his head in confusion, the man only felt even more confused once he noticed the small bowl-shaped attachment under the hole, as well an attachment beside the hole that looked to be a place that one could string cordage through. "It's a weapon I'm still in the process of completing." Seeing that Julian had placed the item back in its rightful place, Valyr looked at the man with a calm yet confident smile. "There's still a long way to go before it reaches its final form, but I guess it's already reached a usable state?" "Have you given this weapon a name yet?" Hearing that the item was actually a weapon, Julian looked at Valyr with curiosity, getting the feeling that it served a far greater purpose than he initially thought. "I don't have an exact name for it yet…" Valyr flashed a wry smile. "However, for the meantime, I've decided to call it an arquebus." "Arquebus…" Repeating the word a couple of times in his memory, Julian eventually gave Valyr a nod. "It does seem like the name fits for such a weapon." "Anyways, don't forget you'll have to depart for the inheritance tomorrow." Feeling like he had already stayed long enough in Valyr's workshop, Julian prepared to take his leave. "Better get some rest early since we'll be heading to the place before dawn." "Where will we be meeting up tomorrow?" asked Valyr, taking a look outside the window. Seeing that the sun in the sky had reached its peak, the young man thought that there was still time for him to do some last minute preparations. "At the entrance of the Blacksmith Guild," replied Julian, waving farewell to the young man soon after. "I'll personally escort you there." "Got it." Nodding as he waved back farewell in response, Valyr watched Julian's silhouette disappear from his field of vision before focusing his attention towards the weapon he had made. "I guess I might have some use for you in the inheritance." Smiling in satisfaction as the weapon was the culmination of all his effort so far, the young man went ahead and tied a long loop of cordage around it before slinging it around his back. After that, he stored the leftover cordage and gunpowder mixture he had made prior into his spatial bracelet. Double checking to see if he had forgotten anything, the young man bitterly smiled as he grabbed the spear he had forged for Wells at the very last minute, affixing it to his back as well.
