commander, Loreina looked at Hal with a solemn expression as she threw her a question. "Are you willing to continue this fight… or would you like to admit defeat?" "I'll… admit defeat." Though he deliberated on the question for a bit, Hal eventually chose to end the fight then and there, bitterly smiling as he thought about Loreina's condition. Surprisingly, as if those words from the young man had woken Loreina up, the personality the young woman took on during the fight gradually disappeared, her demeanor returning to how it was from before the fight. "Though I did say not to go all out… you could've taken me a bit more seriously, no?" Not long after, she let out a slightly annoyed sigh as she looked at Hal, who could only bitterly smile in response. "If you were in my shoes, you would have understood what I felt when I saw you transform that summon of yours" said Hal. "If anything, it felt like you had gone all out during that fight." "Eh? Did I really?" As if she briefly forgot what had transpired during their fight, Loreina turned around to look at her remaining summons, eventually focusing her attention on the commander she had transformed near the end of their fight. "But I haven't really gone all out yet, though?" Pointing at the commander she had transformed, Loreina turned to look back at Hal before tilting her head in slight confusion, causing the latter to be left at a loss for words as he wondered whether or not to believe in her statement. "In any case…" Deciding not to argue about whether she had gone all out or not any further, Hal quickly shifted the topic to the next fight. "With how things concluded, you're the winner of this fight." "As long as I get a higher chance of obtaining the leader spot, I guess." Also finding it pointless to argue with Hal as to whether or not she had gone all out during their fight, Loreina decided to agree with the verdict of the fight, heading back to the edge of the crater as Hal followed suit soon after. "Let us take a short break to recuperate our physical and mental conditions before continuing on with the fights," said Hal after he sat down at the edge of the crater once more, to which the others nodded in agreement. "By then…" After that, he turned to look at Valyr before smiling. "Would you finally be willing to choose your opponent, Valyr?" Chapter 506: A Small Reprieve "Guess we'll have to wait and see." Letting out a bit of laughter, Valyr grinned at Hal as he responded, signaling the start of their break as the four recuperated all of the energy they had wasted during their fights. Though he was the first one to fight in the tournament and had expended a great amount of his mana and stamina during his fight, Faulus took the initiative to speed up their recovery, taking out a cauldron from a spatial bracelet attached to his waist before putting it down a considerable distance away from the crater. Seeing as Faulus had retrieved a few sets of alchemical materials from his bracelet not long after, Valyr decided to leave the young man be for the meantime, reminding himself that immense concentration was needed for one to successfully concoct something through alchemy. With that, he decided to head to where Loreina sat for the meantime as the young woman's personality during the fight remained vivid in his mind. Waving at the young woman as a greeting before exchanging a couple of words to initiate the conversation, the young man eventually changed the topic of their conversation to the thought that lingered in his mind. "You know, I've been curious about something while the two of you fought," Valyr told Loreina. "Is it perhaps the drastic change in personality I undergo during fights?" Already having a faint idea of what the young man wanted to ask, a slightly bitter smile appeared on Loreina's face as she asked. "Well… I understand if you don't want to tell me the reason behind it." Feeling as if he had been found out even before he began talking, an awkward smile adorned Valyr's face as he responded. "After all, from how you're talking about it, it feels like there's more to it than it seems." "It's fine, it's fine." Loreina assured Valyr that it was alright to talk about it. "It's something quite a lot of people know already, so there really isn't any problem with me sharing it." "Though, before I explain the reason… you do know where I came from, right?" she asked not long after. "It's in your name, no?" Valyr faintly nodded. "Cappe Village, if my memory serves me correctly." "Yeah." Loreina nodded in response. "Well, in short, the reason for my change in personality is due to my upbringing in the village," said the young woman soon after, flashing a wry smile at Valyr as she continued, "Hopefully, that answer is more than enough for you." "I think I have an idea." Though he really wanted the young woman to explain more about it, Valyr understood that obtaining this kind of information was already a lot, considering that the two weren't even acquaintances to begin with. With that, he decided to work with the information he already had about Loreina from the past, thanking the young woman as he sat on a portion of the crater's edge far away from the others. "Huu…" Taking in a few deep breaths as he began to delve deep into the recesses of his mind, memories he had regarding Loreina's upbringing began to surface, reminding Valyr that the young woman was an orphan when she grew up. 'Well, it wouldn't be surprising if the change in personality was a defense mechanism for her back then.' Mulling over the thought, the young man let out a low sigh as he quickly felt like his first assumption seemed the most likely. As a young orphan in the village, it wasn't surprising for people to exploit that kind of status, especially if they knew they wouldn't receive some kind of repercussion from it. Unsurprisingly, a few dark thoughts related to the situation appeared in Valyr's mind, causing him to feel a bit of anger towards those who had malicious intent towards Loreina in the past. Though, after taking in a few more deep breaths, these dark thoughts gradually disappeared, reminding himself that the situations he had come up were only theoretical at most, all of them easily considered worst-case scenarios. Nevertheless, the amount of pity Valyr felt towards Loreina's current condition only increased after obtaining that idea, though he would make sure that he would never show it to the young woman. With how the young woman generally wanted to act on her own, judging from how she fought against Hal, Valyr felt like Loreina would treat his actions out of pity as some sort of offensive remark. 'In any case, I never expected I'd come across these figures I used to admire in the past and interact with them as equals.' Standing up as he noticed that Faulus had concocted a series of potions for all of them, Valyr made his way to where the young man was as the thought lingered in his mind. With how much time he had invested into Greater Beyond in his previous life, he knew the feats and strengths of the three as if it were the back of his hand, feeling great excitement from his inner player at the fact that he would become one of those legends as well. 'Still, to think most of the people I've interacted with so far are NPCs,' thought Valyr to himself as he let out a faint chuckle. 'It seriously doesn't feel like it.' "Get some potions before we continue with the next few fights." Handing out freshly concocted potions to Loreina and the others, Faulus watched the three drink his potions with a proud smile on his face, the arrogance he had shown Valyr earlier nowhere to be found. "Woah." With stamina being the resource he had expended the most, Valyr grabbed a stamina potion for himself and chugged the contents down, only to feel like his body was bursting with energy a few seconds later. "As expected from the Lord of Medicine." Unsurprisingly, Hal and Loreina had the same reaction as Valyr as they drank mana potions, their mana reserves swiftly being topped off just from a single potion. "I did mention earlier that alchemy is my specialty." Feeling a bit giddy at having his efforts be recognized, Faulus rubbed his nose as he chuckled. With his potions, the four of them focus on resting their minds as much as possible with the remaining time they had for their break, keeping in mind that they were already in their peak condition physically. … "So, seeing as we've all returned to our peak conditions…" With all of them gathered around during the remainder of their break, Hal stood up as he announced the end of their break, looking at Valyr with a knowing grin. "I suppose it wouldn't be a problem for you to choose your opponent now, Ylvar?" "I've definitely rested enough." Valyr smiled as he stood up, turning to look at Hal before asking, "I suppose I can't fight against Faulus anymore, no?" "You really want to fight me again?" Hearing Valyr's question, Faulus felt a bit of indignance as he complained. "Of course not." Smiling at Faulus' words, Hal looked at Valyr and shook his head in response. "After all, we already know who's stronger between the two of you." "So, that leaves either you and Loreina, then." Nodding in response, Valyr looked at the two other candidates he hadn't fought against, calculating the chances in his mind that he would've triumphed against them. Eventually, after a minute or so of silence, the young man had made his decision, making his way to the depths of the crater in an unhurried pace. "Which among the two of us are you going to fight against?" Seeing Valyr already making his way to the crater, Hal asked the former once more, only to be met by echoing laughter. "Isn't it already obvious by now?" Turning around to look at the three as he continued to walk, Valyr had a playful grin on his face as he pointed at Hal. "Ever since I fought against Faulus, I've already noticed your intent to fight against me." "Unless… you want me to fight against Loreina for now?" Tilting his head as he questioned Hal, the grin on Valyr's face became wider. "Well, if you insist…" Laughing in response to Valyr's words, Hal swiftly made his way to the crater, appearing at its depths before Valyr had even gotten to its center. "How eager." With his expression returning to a faint, confident smile, Valyr eventually stood at the center of the crater, the distance separating him and his opponent only being a few meters. "Vylhalteinn Impyris." Wanting to see if the feeling he had earlier was correct, Hal took the initiative to go over his specialties, leaving Valyr no choice but to listen with rapt attention. "General specialties are in the scholarly arts and in divination, while my combat specialties lie in cold weapons, magic, summoning, and archery." "Ylvar," Valyr responded with a nod. "General specialties are in blacksmithing, with other things I consider specialties not really important. As for my combat specialties…" "What if I told you magic was only one of them?" Chapter 507: A Battle Between Monsters "To be honest, I wouldn't be surprised." As Faulus' eyes widened in disbelief from Valyr's words while Loreina smirked at having her suspicions be confirmed, Hal listening to the young man with amused expression on his face, chuckling not long after. "Ever since that fight you had with Faulus, I already had a feeling you were holding yourself back." "I just didn't expect you to be holding yourself back far more than I thought," added Hal after that, causing a grin to creep up onto Valyr's lips. "So, aside from magic, what other types of combat do you specialize in, Ylvar?" "Cold weapons and summoning," replied Valyr, making Hal feel greater excitement towards the fight that would occur between the two of them. "Are we only limiting ourselves to one type of combat?" Though, just as he thought how fun it would be to finally go somewhat all out against his opponent, Hal caught himself in the midst of his excitement, taking in a deep breath to compose himself as he asked. "I don't know." Valyr shrugged his shoulders as a smile continued to adorn his face. "Are you fine with only having to use one type of combat?" "Well, the same could be said to you," said Hal in response with a faint chuckle, examining Valyr from head to toe as he felt the other side's intent. "Are you fine with only having to stick to one type of combat?" "Against someone like you? Of course not." Saying these words, Valyr flared his aura to the fullest, leaving both Faulus and Loreina at a loss for words as they did not expect the man to be hiding such a level of strength all this time. "Guess that settles it." Feeling giddy towards the battle they were going to have, Hal decided to respond to Valyr's showing of power, releasing the entirety of his aura as well as the two auras clashed throughout the crater, making one feel as if one were looking at two lions baring their fangs at one another. Whoosh! Taking out an exquisite looking sword from his spatial bracelet, Hal gripped its handle tightly as his expression turned calm. With the man's breathing following a certain pattern, Valyr gradually felt like Hal's presence was gradually disappearing in front of him with every passing second. "To keep things even, I won't use archery during our fight." Letting out a long, drawn-out sigh, Hal looked at Valyr, who had already taken a battle stance after seeing the former prepare for their fight. "Does that sound good?" "Yep." Nodding in response, Valyr gradually calmed his emotions as well, preparing both his body and mind towards something that he considered as one of the most important fights in his life. After all, not only was he going to fight against a prodigy lauded by everyone for his talent… His victory in the fight also meant that he would have a greater chance at becoming the leader during the expedition into the Four Pillars' Inheritance. "I'll be doing the countdown." Seeing that his opponent was ready, Hal took the initiative to start their fight, prompting Valyr to nod as his expression turned even more solemn. "3… 2… 1…" "Fight!' "[Limit Break]!" Whoosh! At the very instant Hal signaled the beginning of their battle, Valyr did not hesitate to use one of his buffing skills, increasing the advantage he had over Hal in terms of stats as he used the opportunity to distance himself from the young man. "[Blade of Six Paths]..." Responding to Valyr's action, Hal decided to chase the former, pushing his body to the limit as he channeled a bit of mana into his blade. "[Mortal Severing Slash]." Then, after feeling like the gap between them had gotten narrow enough, he slashed his sword outwards, sending a blade of white energy towards Valyr as it zoomed through the air. "Oh no…" Realizing that he wouldn't be able to dodge the blade of energy in time even with heightened stats, contrary to what any sane person would have done in his situation, Valyr stopped in his tracks and stood in place, his eyes fixated on the blade of energy getting nearer towards him. "Anyway…" "[Darting Shadow]." Whoosh! At the very moment it seemed like the blade of energy would make contact with Valyr, as if all bones had turned into mush, the young man deftly avoided the attack altogether as he moved many meters forward, slithering on the ground at great speeds as if he were a serpent. <subtxt>.</subtxt> "Wha—" Not expecting Valyr to have an evasive skill in his arsenal, especially at the level he had shown, Hal stared blankly at the young man slithering on the ground, only to snap back to reality once his opponent was only a meter or so in front of him. "[Crimson Blaze]!" Swoosh! Taking advantage of Hal being dumbfounded by his evasive maneuver, Valyr swiftly conjured a ball of crimson flames before throwing it at the young man, not even bothering to charge it to its full potential. "[Seven Sage Steps]!" In response, Hal decided to show Valyr his own evasive skill, moving away from the orb of crimson flames nearing him as each consecutive step increased the gap between him and the young man. Bang! With no target for it to make contact with, rather than have the fireball reach the walls of the crater, an idea appeared in Valyr's mind as he manipulated the orb to collide with the ground, kicking up a great amount of dust into the surroundings. Bombarding the ground by activating [Crimson Blaze] over and over again, more and more dust covered the surroundings of the two, prompting Hal to put himself in Valyr's shoes as he thought about what he could do with the dust around them acting as a cover. Swoosh! However, just as he had gotten an inkling of an idea as to what Valyr was planning to do, Hal started to hear hurried footsteps heading in his direction, leaving his mind at a crossroads as to what he should do next. In the end, he decided to play it safe, sending out an attack with his blade in the direction of the sound. "[Blade of Six Paths]…" "[Ghastly Tornado]!" Whoosh! Whoosh! Allocating a bit more mana into the skill, the tornado of energy blades formed by his attack quickly dispersed the dust hampering his vision, allowing him to see who or what was causing the footsteps he was hearing. "…" Being left at a slight loss for words, Hal found out that the one causing the footsteps was a large boar, which currently ran around in circles as its cover was blown. "If Ylvar wasn't making the noise, then where…?!" Of course, the question regarding Valyr's whereabouts soon popped up into Hal's mind, looking around for any traces of him. Though, just as he had felt like he had tracked the young man's presence… "Looking for me?" Valyr grinned, both of his hands tightly gripping on his blood red spear. "Well… here I am." Bang! Chapter 508: The Fight Continues "[Shadow Serpent Style]…" "[Strike of the Venomous Night]!" Summoning a bit of Shadow Energy from the small black mass near his heart, Valyr adeptly maneuvered the energy towards the spear he held, merging it with a bit of his mana as a dark haze swiftly covered the spear tip. Then, thrusting out with all his strength, Valyr sent the dark haze towards Hal, allowing the combination of mana and Shadow Energy to mingle with one another before causing a shockwave to appear in its place only a few seconds later. Bang! "Kuh!" With how there wasn't enough time for him to employ his evasive skill, Hal decided to rely on his blade to defend against the attack, brandishing his sword in the direction of Valyr's attack before infusing it with as much mana as he could. Whoosh! Fortunately for Hal, with how much mana he had infused into his blade, almost all of the force from the resulting shockwave transferred onto the sword he wielded, making his hands tremble as the remaining force from the attack pushed him back a couple of meters. "Haah…" After he had regained his footing, Hal let out a low sigh as he stabbed his ground to the sword for the meantime, briefly gazing at his hands that continued to tremble. Then, after taking in a deep breath, he used both hands to slap himself on the face before picking up the sword once more. "I must admit that I've become overconfident in my abilities." Slowly making his way towards Valyr, Hal eyed the boar that still roamed around the crater, keeping its position in mind as he continued to move closer. "After all, rarely would I come across an opponent that would prompt me to use everything in my arsenal." "With that, I must thank you for waking me up from my complacency." Stopping in his tracks all of a sudden, he then bent his knees, gathering all of the strength he could muster towards his legs before dashing forward. Gaining an idea of what Hal was trying to achieve, Valyr placed the spear behind his back as he ordered the boar he had summoned to move closer to him. However, just as he had manipulated the earth to erect a thick wall in front of him… Hal had made his move. "[Lesser Nirvana]…" "[Enlightenment]." … "And here I thought the gap in strength between me and Valyr was somewhat negligible." Watching the high-octane fight between Valyr and Hal unfold, Faulus could not help but let out a long sigh as he thought about the foolish thoughts he came up with while fighting against Valyr. "Who knew he'd be hiding such a ridiculous amount of strength like that?" "I'm quite surprised as well." Deciding to stay all of them sat earlier, Loreina nodded in agreement, recalling the faint feeling she had while watching Faulus and Valyr fight for the first time. "Though I did get the feeling he was hiding a great portion of his strength while fighting against you." "Are you telling me that I'm weak, then?" Feeling somewhat offended by Loreina's words, Faulus looked back at the young woman with a slight frown, only to let out a sigh soon after as the woman's expression remained unchanged. "Alright, fine. I'll put in more effort into training my combat abilities before we enter
