rudimentary form, the fire lance.' With how Veldanyr's setting was that of a medieval world with magic, it was understandable that the world would have access to technologies that had been invented during the Middle Ages. In fact, it even had access to technologies that only appeared at later ages, which was only made possible thanks to the existence of magic. However, with most of the world believing in the terrifying might of magic, the development of ranged weapons in the world only went up to the crossbow at most, relying on the heaven-defying strength one would obtain at the higher ranks in order to achieve incredible feats with such a crude mechanical weapon. "As far as I can remember, an event near the end of the first version would change the trajectory of development for Veldanyr," Valyr muttered to himself. "But for now, as long as I succeed in creating the fire lance, I would instantly have an edge over everyone, considering that the closest cousin to it would be the cannon." "Then again, if I still have more Technology Points to spare, I could probably forge a matchlock instead." Chuckling at the thought, the young man continued to walk through the city, eventually arriving at the entertainment district a couple of minutes later. Once there, he looked around in search for a certain building, smiling once he found the one. "I never thought I'd be back here at the Silver Gambling Den." Since he had arrived during the day, it was no surprise that the insides of the gambling den barely had any people inside it, with Valyr only being able to see staff moving around. "Then again, I never expected the skill to have a legacy attached to it." "Though, I wonder if it's the same legacy I'm familiar with?" Pondering over the question that popped into his head for a bit, the young man soon made his way to the rear portion of the gambling den, appearing in front of the person who had aided him in meeting the certain individual he made contact with back then. "What brings you here to the Silver Gambling Den, sir?" Noticing that Valyr was looking at him, the man with light gray hair behind the counter took the initiative to start a conversation, feeling slightly intimidated from the aura the young man was giving off. "I just wanted to meet up with Jekyll," said Valyr in response, faintly smiling. "And what kind of business do you have with him, sir?" Feeling a bit of cold sweat forming on his back, the man with light gray hair continued to ask Valyr a few questions. In response, Valyr continued to maintain a faint smile. "Tell him that the one who inherited his legacy is here to continue it." "Ah..." Fortunately, after hearing those words, the man did not continue asking any more questions, nodding in response as he remained silent. After that, he turned around and entered the room behind the counter, only returning to appear in front of Valyr a couple of minutes later. "The boss says that he'll be with you shortly," said the man, prompting Valyr to nod in response. "He also told me that you could go on ahead through the curtain if you wanted to." "Hmm... I'll just wait here for now." Mulling over the choice that he had been given, the young man decided to stay put for the meantime, knowing that his current appearance was drastically different from the one Jekyll was familiar with. If he entered and Jekyll mistook him for a stranger, then who knew what kind of mishaps would happen? "To be honest, I thought you'd take longer than I thought to come here." After loitering near the counter for a few minutes, a familiar voice to Valyr eventually resounded from behind the curtain, the origin of the voice revealing himself soon after. WIth a pleased smile, he told the man at the counter to head back for now, ordering him that he'd take over the counter for the meantime. "Wait a minute... you're not Valyr." Though, just as he was expecting to see Valyr in front of him, Jekyll was instead greeted by a young man that had a drastically different appearance and aura from the young man he knew. Because of that... Whoosh! "You better tell me what affiliation you have with Valyr... or else." In less than an instant, Jekyll radiated a great amount of killing intent, making some of the people that were near the middle of the casino move closer to the front portion as they felt a great sense of fear all of a sudden. "Affiliation, huh." As for the one who took the brunt of most of the killing intent, Valyr smiled at Jekyll, who had a frown on his face all this time. However, that frown was swiftly turned into an expression of slight disbelief once the young man deactivated a portion of his disguise skill. Swoosh! "I guess... this would be my proof of affiliation, then?" . Chapter 479: The Northern Star "Wait... what?" Seeing as the young man's face changed into that of Valyr's all of a sudden, Jekyll's mouth went agape as he felt a bit of disbelief. Though, even after briefly shaking his head before looking at the young man in front of him for a bit more, that disbelief did not disappear. "Are you Valyr... or are you not?" "Haah..." Sighing as he bitterly smiled at Jekyll, Valyr continued to deactivate more and more portions of [Enhanced Polymorph], gradually returning his current appearance to what it was originally. By the time he radiated his original aura towards Jekyll, it was only then did everything click in the latter's mind, his eyes widening in excitement. "Ah!" Julian exclaimed, slapping himself on the forehead for being so stupid. "Now where and why the heckdid you learn that?" "A skill book store is the answer to your where, and protecting my identity is the answer to your why," said Valyr in response. "If anything, it's actually risky for me to reveal my original appearance to you here out in the open." "Hmm? And why would that be?" Hearing Valyr's words, Julian crossed his arms as he slightly tilted his head in curiosity. "Hmm?" Not expecting that kind of answer from Jekyll, Valyr went silent for a bit as he recalled their interaction back when he met with the man before him for the first time. "Ah." Thankfully, it did not take long for him to realize what was going on, staring at Jekyll with a wry smile as he asked him, "Now that I think about it, I haven't told you my full name yet, have I?" "And so have I. What's wrong with that?" Jekyll raised his eyebrow, finding nothing wrong with not revealing their surnames. "Well, let's just say that my surname would warrant the need for you to swear a mana oath to not disclose my current whereabouts." "That bad?" Hearing Valyr's reply, Jekyll was left at a slight loss for words, now feeling even more curious as to what the young man's surname was. "It couldn't be bad that, ri—" "Zeihardt." Whilst reactivating [Enhanced Polymorph], Valyr muttered out a name as he looked at Jekyll straight in the eyes. "My family name is Zeihardt." "Zeihardt... Valyr... wait..." Muttering out a couple of words for a bit as he gradually found his train of thought, everything eventually clicked once more in Jekyll's mind as he turned to look at Valyr with immense shock written all over his face. "So, you're telling me..." "...that the inheritor of my legacy is none other than the Herald of the Zeihardt clan that's been missing all this time?" "Shhh. Keep quiet." Sensing as if the man's voice was getting a bit louder towards the end, Valyr placed his finger over Jekyll's mouth, to which the latter quickly understood, apologizing not long after. "Let's... head to the back for now and continue our conversation there." Taking in a couple of deep breaths to let the realization of who had inherited his legacy sink into his mind, Jekyll's expression turned solemn as he beckoned for the young man to follow him, which he did. ... "Alright. I've asked my people to not disturb us for the meantime, as well as made sure that none of them would be able to snoop in on our conversation." After arriving at a part of the gambling den's rear that was far away from prying eyes and ears, Jekyll let out a faint sigh of relief as he gestured for the young man to sit in front of him. "Though, just to make sure..." Whoosh! Not long after, just as Valyr sat down on the chair in front of Jekyll, a barrier of mana swiftly surrounded the two of them as the latter swore a mana oath that made sure he would not divulge any information regarding their meeting, Valyr, or any other information related to him. "I guess that's more than enough preparation to make sure no one will found out that you're here." Feeling the ambient mana that had enveloped his entire body gradually disappear now that he was done with the oath, Jekyll looked at Valyr with a relaxed smile, who looked back at him with a hint of disbelief. "Haven't you ever stopped to think that my words might be lies?" Valyr asked Jekyll, who responded back to him with a hint of laughter. "There are many things in life that would make me want to doubt, that is true." Jekyll nodded. "However, if there's something in life that I fully trust in, then that would be my instincts and my life experience thus far." <subtxt>.</subtxt> "With that being said, after you radiated your full aura to me earlier, I instantly sensed the part of your aura that made me think 'Ah, he's definitely from the Zeihardt clan'. Though, it was only after you mentioned your surname to be Zeihardt did I really think about it deeper," continued Jekyll. "And just because of that one fact, you went ahead and did all of this?" Valyr asked back. "Isn't part of your Zeihardt clan searching the corners of the world for your existence?" replied Jekyll, looking back at Valyr with slight confusion. "Isn't that the reason why you decided to pick up a disguise skill?" "I mean... yeah, that is true." Valyr nodded in agreement. "Though, what I don't get is..." "How I seem to know everything about you, even though I'm from a city that's far away from the capital?" Hearing the words that came out of Jekyll's mouth, Valyr went silent for a bit before nodding. "Well, that's quite simple." Seeing that he had gained his attention, Jekyll faintly smiled. "That's due to what I've gone through in the past." "Unless you've thought of me as someone who owned this gambling den all throughout my life, of course." At these words, Valyr's expression quickly turned blank, prompting Jekyll to let out a sigh as he shook his head with a bitter smile. "Then again, I never mentioned my surname to you either," said Jekyll soon after. "We only know each other by our first names." "However, unlike you, who people mostly recognize by their name, I'm more recognized for the feat that I've done in the past." Hearing these words, Valyr looked at Jekyll with a raised eyebrow, wondering what feat the man would mention. Though, once the man had done so, Valyr was only left staring at him with his mouth wide open. "Have you ever heard of..." "The Northern Star?" Chapter 480: Beyond The Northern Star 'You've got to be kidding me, right?' Listening to the question that Jekyll had asked him, Valyr could not help but feel a great amount of disbelief, scratching the back of his head in slight frustration. "Judging by your reaction, I guess you have." Noticing Valyr's expression in response to his question, Jekyll could only chuckle in response, feeling a proud smile gradually creep up onto his lips. "It fills me with a bit of joy that someone like you has heard some of the things I've done in the past." 'Some of the things? If only you knew how much I know about you...' Briefly flashing a bitter smile at Jekyll's words, Valyr still could not get over the fact the man in front of him, the man who he only thought of someone who'd give him [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], was actually the man he idolized during Greater Beyond's first version. 'To think I would actually meet my idol here in person,' muttered Valyr to himself inwardly. 'Then again, considering this knowledge, I've met him in my past life as well.' 'Fate truly works in mysterious ways.' Back in his past life, Valyr was told by some of his friends that he could get a passive skill that boosted his PER from a random NPC. During that time, the War of the Three Sovereignties had been declared officially over, which meant that all of the players were now preparing themselves for Greater Beyond's second version. Wanting to prepare for the second version, just like the others, he went ahead and made a visit to Anadhar to claim the skill, only to be told that the number of people that had obtained the skill had already far exceeded his limit. Surprisingly, the one who told him that was none other than Jekyll, who not only had a head full of gray hair in his past life thanks to the aftereffects of the war, but also looked more emaciated to the Jekyll he was currently facing. Because of that, he truly believed that Jekyll was just a random NPC, being an owner of a gambling den that seemed to have a deeper past than what one would normally expect. However, after Jekyll mentioned that he was the Northern Star, that notion swiftly disappeared in Valyr's mind, instead thinking that Jekyll giving a passive skill and legacy that ultimately boosted his PER stat was in line with his past. And his future for that matter. Now, one might ask... who really was the Northern Star? From what Valyr could remember, the Northern Star was considered a war hero by the human race, having defended multiple areas on his own during the worst of the monster tides. Aside from that, he played a vital role in a large-scale war in the past that embroiled multiple human kingdoms and orc kingdoms, single-handedly turning the tides around that allowed the human race to keep the territory the orcs decided to claim out of nowhere. Then again, that was not the reason why Valyr was incredibly shocked to hear the moniker come out of Jekyll's mouth. Instead, it was the connection the moniker Jekyll mentioned to another moniker Valyr grew up to idolize. The Silver Death. 'One arrow to kill a foe, ten arrows to kill them all.' With one of the Silver Death's famous lines lingering in his mind, Valyr began to recall all of the feats the Silver Death had achieved in his past life, his expression basically glowing with excitement at this point. 'A war veteran that has decided to give up the life of battle after a life-changing incident, the Silver Death returned to the battlefield after the War of the Three Sovereignties erupted in full force.' 'With great speeds, the Silver Death became one of the many pillars of the human race during the time of war, killing all of the human race's strongest foes with a single shot from his trusted bow and arrow.' 'Being at the forefront of the battlefield, it was said that many of those in the orc and elf races feared facing up against the Silver Death, claiming that even if they hid from the man's field of vision, they would still end up dying from his arrow.' 'One arrow for one life, ten arrows for ten lives, and a hundred arrows for a bloodbath.' Realizing that Jekyll was looking at him with an expression that expressed his discomfort, Valyr took in a couple of deep breaths to compose himself, retracting the feverish gaze that he unknowingly had on his face all this time. 'No matter what kind of foe he faced against in the battlefield, they would all fall on the ground after getting hit from a single shot of his bow and arrow.' At this point, Valyr let out a faint sigh as he felt a smile gradually creep up onto his lips. 'That feat also became the basis of his ascension, transcending mortality and becoming a Myth, which only made him a far scarier foe in the battlefield.' 'Seriously, I never expected to meet my past life's idol in person.' Repeating the words he had said earlier to himself, Valyr closed his eyes for a bit before returning to his calm expression. 'He's the entire reason why I decided to trek the path of ranged weapon development in the first place.' 'Now that I think about it, if I'm fast enough, I might even get the special title and class that comes along with being the first to introduce guns into this world.' Deciding to end his moment of reminiscing there, Valyr looked at Jekyll in the eyes with a calm smile as he opened his mouth, his words causing the latter to look at him with brief shock. "On behalf of the human race, thank you for your contribution during the Athereian-Khr'gyan War." "And here I thought I'd never hear another person mention that war again." Getting over the shock he felt from the words Valyr told him, Jekyll let out a peal of laughter as he looked at the young man with a slightly soft gaze. "I thought it was already a blessing to have a Herald of the Zeihardt clan take up the mantle of my legacy." "But to think that same person would be so knowledgeable of my background as well." Jekyll continued to let out laughter. "I am truly honored." "Anyways, I'm sure you didn't come here just for me to talk about my past as a fighter." Deciding to return to their original topic, Jekyll's expression returned to the calm it originally had. "With that being said..." "How about we finally continue your inheritance of my legacy?" Chapter 481: Eyes Of A Hunter "I would definitely appreciate that." Valyr chuckled in response. "I like that you're so straightforward." Nodding, Jekyll let out a bit of chuckle as well. After that, his expression became solemn. "Knowing that you've inherited the legacy of someone like me, what is your opinion of the skill I've given you?" "Are you talking about [Gambler's Discerning Eyes]?" Seeing the man in front of him nod in response to the question, Valyr pondered over his answer for a bit before opening his mouth. "First of all, I would like to say that the increase to my perception is definitely helpful, though it doesn't really change anything significant." "If anything, the part about [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] that would be considered truly useful would be the hyperfocus ability that comes attached with it." Hearing these words, Jekyll nodded in agreement. Valyr continued, "Thanks to the hyperfocus ability, I could see things in far finer detail than they would normally have, which I tend to use often whenever I have to smoothen out imperfections in the items I forge." "Oh? You took a blacksmithing subclass?" Raising his eyebrow in slight surprise, Jekyll nodded in understanding. "Learning a production subclass while having a combat class as your main will definitely help you out in the long run. In more ways than one at that." "It's the other way around, though?" Wryly smiling, Valyr went ahead and clarified to Jekyll that his production class was actually his main class. Unsurprisingly, that more than surprised the man, considering that the young man had achieved a level of strength exceeding the norm with a production class as his main class. "Well, that makes sense." Though, after Valyr mentioned that his blacksmithing class was of a high rarity, it did not take long for Jekyll to accept things, nodding a few times in understanding as he proceeded to ask the young man before him a question. "Since you often use the skill's hyperfocus ability in forging, I won't ask you anything about the ability from that perspective," said Jekyll to Valyr. "However, have you tried using the hyperfocus ability in combat before?" "I... have not?" Pondering over the question for a bit, Valyr ultimately shook his head in response. "You're missing out on quite a lot if that's the case," replied Jekyll, slightly grinning as he looked at Valyr. "From a blacksmith's perspective, the hyperfocus ability allows you to see imperfections on items." "Uh huh." Valyr nodded in agreement. "Then, from a gambler's perspective, the hyperfocus ability would allow you to see the dealer's tricks and sleight of hand, giving you higher chances of winning." "That makes sense." "Now, if you were to give such an ability to a fighter, what would they see?" Asking this question to the young man, Jekyll looked at Valyr with a calm smile, waiting for him to respond. "Hmm..." Scratching the back of his head for a bit as he thought over the question, as if a switch had been flicked on in his mind, an answer arose to the surface of Valyr's mind as he responded. "Would they be able to see... weak spots?" "Exactly." Jekyll nodded while grinning. "As I am currently an owner of a gambling den, I've portrayed this skill of mine as a skill that would allow potential gamblers to gain an edge over their competitors." "However, the true nature and power of this skill does not lie in gambling." "It lies in hunting." At these words, the edge around Jekyll's irises turned a faint red as he began to intently stare at Valyr. In less than an instant, Valyr felt like all of his weaknesses had been exposed in front of Jekyll, making him think
