had mentioned earlier. "Not that one... not that one either..." Combing through the weak spots one by one, Valyr gradually began to notice that the weak spots could actually be classified into three categories: weak spots that only affected the surface-level imperfections, weak spots that also affected another weak spot, and weak spots that affected multiple weak spots. Finally knowing what he had to look for, Valyr continued discovering more and more weak spots on training dummy, keeping an eye for weak spots that fell under the third category he had discovered. Fortunately, after a few more minutes of intense searching, the young man had found the weak spot he was looking for, its marking within his vision now a pitch-black circle. Ding! [You have gained insights on using 'Gambler's Discerning Eyes' to a higher degree of proficiency.] [The skill 'Gambler's Discerning Eyes' has shown signs of awakening.] Chapter 485: The Gaze Of A Hunter Taking a look at the notifications he had obtained for a bit, Valyr went ahead and closed the notification screen that popped up before proceeding to move onto the training dummy to his right. After that, he activated [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] once more, delving through the various weak spots that had appeared within his sights before eventually noticing a pitch-black circle appear in his vision yet again. Discovering things that he could omit during the process to come across a vital spot faster, the young man then moved onto another training dummy, making sure that he got the hang of searching through layers upon layers of weak spots to find that vital spot. Only after he had done one round of vital spot searching on all of the training dummies did Valyr finally turn around to Jekyll, slightly smiling as he opened his mouth. "Jekyll, the vital spots appear like a dark circle in your field of vision, right?" Whoosh! Unlike before, where he somewhat leisurely made his way to where Valyr was after the young man had discovered his first weak spot, Jekyll stood up at great speeds and dashed to where the latter stood, his expression that of curiosity and shock. "Did you successfully find a vital spot?" Asking this question to the young man, Jekyll's irises gained a crimson ring around them as he searched for the vital spots that existed in the training dummy in front of Valyr. Faintly nodding in response at the man, Valyr returned his gaze to the dummy before him as he opened his mouth. "There's a loose strand of hay on the outer regions of the training dummy. If I pull on it even slightly, almost everything on the dummy will break into pieces and fall to the ground." "..." Though Jekyll listened to the young man's words in silence, it did not stop the man from experiencing a great amount of disbelief and shock. After all, what Valyr told him was the same weak spot he had found on the training dummy! "Ahem." Taking a few breaths to compose himself, Jekyll cleared his throat before pointing at the training dummy to Valyr's right. "Try and find the vital spot of that dummy." "Alright." Nodding in response, Valyr moved onto the training dummy to his right and proceeded to look at it with [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] active, eventually finding the vital spot Jekyll had discovered. At this point, one would prompt the other side to stop, having made certain that the other side had already achieved the feat the one had tasked the other side to do. However, whether it was spurred on by immense disbelief or immense curiosity regarding Valyr's capabilities, Jekyll asked the young man to continue searching through the vital spots of the training dummies. Naturally, Valyr delivered. Going through the row of training dummies yet again, Valyr found its vital spots while keeping in mind what he could omit during the process, allowing each consecutive attempt of his to slightly reduce the time it took for him to find it. In fact, it was solely because of that reason that by the time he and Jekyll had arrived at the last training dummy Jekyll had yet to confirm, Valyr's speed at finding the vital spot was only a couple seconds slower than Jekyll's, leaving the latter with his mouth wide open as he had no choice but to accept reality at this point. "You really found all of their vital spots..." muttered Jekyll in slight disbelief, gazing at the young man in front of him, who looked back at him with a faint yet confident smile. "Is there any other step after this?" asked Valyr, maintaining the faint smile that adorned his face. "There is..." Jekyll nodded. "However, that step is something that could only be achieved once you've started to comprehend Intents and Forces." "Aside from that, you've already more than proved yourself worthy of inheriting the true beginning of my legacy." At these words, Jekyll flashed a bitter smile. "The fact that you've figured out the first and second step within a quarter of a day... now I'm left wondering whether it would have been faster if you chose to try and land a hit on me instead." "You've definitely made my efforts seem worthless, Valyr." Jekyll let out a chuckle. "However, it also makes me hopeful that you might be able to enhance this skill to a higher level once you inherit the other remaining parts of my legacy." "Anyways, enough talks about the future. For now, follow me." Realizing that he had gone slightly out of topic, Jekyll quickly steered it back to their original topic as he gestured for Valyr to follow him. With that, the two of them headed deeper into the training ground, eventually finding themselves in a secluded space within the training ground that looked like it had been left untouched for many years. ... "You know, if I count the number of people that have been to this place, that number would actually fit in one hand." Closing the door behind them, Jekyll decided to make some small talk as he asked Valyr to sit down at the center. "Around three, I presume?" Looking around the space they had entered, which only had the most basic of amenities would one possibly need for seclusion, Valyr made his way to the center and sat down. "Only one, actually." Raising his pointer finger with a slight smile, Jekyll made his way to where Valyr sat, standing behind him as he took in a few deep breaths. "That one being you, of course." "In any case, let's finally start the process." Whoosh! In an instant, Jekyll released the entirety of his aura, encompassing the entire space as Valyr immediately felt that he had arrived in the center of a battlefield, a place where only constant fighting existed. "Push your eyes to their limits." Just as he had felt a bit of killing intent well up within him, the young man heard Jekyll's voice echo from behind him, prompting him to regain his focus as he did what he was told. "[Gambler's Discerning Eyes]." Swoosh! At the very moment he had activated the skill, Valyr's vision underwent through a massive shift, allowing him to view the space around him in greater detail. However, due to the aura Jekyll was emanating, illusions of the battlefield gradually manifested in front of him, his sight now overlapping with a wasteland filled with the blood and bodies of thousands of humans. "Now, peer through the illusions and find its core. Find its vital spot." Hearing Jekyll's calm voice resound from behind him once more, Valyr took in a deep breath and nodded, utilizing what he had learned earlier in order to achieve what Jekyll tasked him to do. Though it took quite some time for Valyr to start discovering the weak spots within the illusions as he had gotten used to identifying training dummies all this time, that all changed once he found his first weak spot. ndαsvεl.cοm Whoosh! Snowballing from there, all of the experience and knowledge Valyr had accumulated in using the skill was shown in its entire glory, with the sight in front of him now littered with hundreds of dark red circles. Continuing to look through the illusion as more and more dark red circles entered his field of vision, the young man eventually found the spot where all of the weak spots seemed to be connected, being situated at a spot that was no more than half a meter away from where he sat. "The vital spot..." As he extended out his finger to touch it, Valyr's aura seemed to have undergone a slight change, something that did not go unnoticed under Jekyll's senses. Within seconds, the aura Valyr radiated now exuded a sense of pressure that would only arise when one was facing up against a far stronger being than oneself. Not only that, but the aura also gave one the feeling of despair, making one feel a sense of hopelessness when up against someone like Valyr, especially when time went on. 'It's awakening...' Inwardly chuckling at the changes Valyr was undergoing through, Jekyll watched as the young man finally make contact with the vital spot he had seen, popping the illusion that had surrounded him all this time as Jekyll's aura disappeared in the process. Swoosh! As if it was waiting for Valyr to touch the vital spot, Valyr's irises, with [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] still activated, now gained a crimson ring around him, instantly enhancing his abilities to look at his surroundings in far greater detail. Concurrently, as he felt his field of vision undergo a massive shift due to this change, a series of notifications went off in his mind. Ding! [Your insights on using 'Gambler's Discerning Eyes' to greater proficiency have reached a higher level, allowing the shackles binding the skill to finally break, returning the skill to its original form.] [The skill 'Gambler's Discerning Eyes' has returned and awakened to its original form, evolving to Epic grade.] [The skill 'Gambler's Discerning Eyes' has evolved to 'Hunter's Tracking Eyes' due to the change in grade.] Chapter 486: The Deadliest Of Weak Spots Deciding to deactivate the newly evolved skill for the meantime, Valyr closed his eyes for a bit before opening them, the crimson rings surrounding his irises earlier now gone. After that, he stood up and walked around for a bit, gazing at entirety of the secluded space the two of them were in as he took a couple of deep breaths. "It wears off after some time," said Jekyll all of a sudden, his words aimed towards Valyr. "As long as you rest for a couple of minutes, you'll be able to use the skill again no problem." "Anyways, what do you think of your first time using the skill?" Asking this question, Jekyll smiled. "Incredibly disorientating," Valyr said in response, his pace slowing down a bit. "Of course, that was only for a while. After all, the evolution to my eyes came all of a sudden." "Though, if I were to find a word that would sum up what I really felt while using those eyes..." Valyr rubbed his chin for a bit. "It would be the word... overwhelming." "Overwhelming, huh." Mulling over the word Valyr gave him, Jekyll eventually nodded in agreement as he slightly smiled. "I can definitely understand what you mean by that." "With [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], though the hyperfocus ability does give you a greater amount of detail on what you're looking at, it would be more accurate to say that the ability just allows you to zoom in on what was already there," said Jekyll, to which Valyr nodded in understanding. "On the other hand, the evolution of that skill, the skill that I consider the true start of my legacy... now that operates in a different way." At these words, Jekyll's expression became solemn. "Not only does it allow you to zoom in on what was already there, it also gives you the ability to see beyond what's already there." <subtxt>.</subtxt> "It allows you to see things that are invisible to the naked eye, tiny connections between things that no normal person would ever think of looking at... the intangible." Jekyll let out a faint sigh. "It is through seeing the intangible can you discover the weak spots of things and beings more easily, even going so far as to discover their vital spots." "Speaking of weak spots and vital spots, I should remind you about something before I forget." Hearing these words from Jekyll, Valyr stopped in his tracks and looked at him. "Though you've evolved those eyes of yours to become the eyes of a hunter, it only becomes more useful the more often you use it," Jekyll told Valyr. "What I mean by that is... have you noticed how the knowhow you've accumulated while looking at the dummies didn't help you out that much when you began to look for the illusion's vital spot?" "Yeah." Valyr nodded, understanding what Jekyll was trying to say. "In other words, I should familiarize my vision with more beings and items in order to make sure that something like that doesn't happen in the future, right?" "You've pretty much hit the mark." Jekyll grinned. "Of course, there are still times where you'll be up against some creature that goes beyond mere familiarization, but familiarization would still help you out in the long run." "Also, note that there are generally hundreds to thousands of weak spots on beings and items, while the number of vital spots you might find would be one or two at most." Seeing as they've fulfilled their task within this secluded space, Jekyll made his way outside the space, urging Valyr to follow him. "However, as I've said earlier, there are still times where you're up against creatures that go beyond normal levels of understanding." Making their way back to the stairway that would lead them back to the gambling den proper, Jekyll continued to talk about the nuances of the skill. "In those cases, it wouldn't be surprising to find dozens, even hundreds of vital spots on them." "But... if you decide to dig through those vital spots and find the sole spot connecting all of them together, you would have stumbled across a spot that would spell certain death to the one fighting against you." "Of course, because it has that kind of effect on the creature, I've decided to call it the fatal spot." At these words, Jekyll briefly let out a snicker. "I'll leave it up to you to see what kind of effects hitting these spots on your foes are like." "For now, let's just say that hitting them would make for some interesting situations." ... "And... we're here." Standing in front of the stairway that would lead them back to the gambling den, Jekyll stopped in his tracks as he looked at Valyr with a proud smile. "Just like how it took a while for you to inherit this part of my legacy, the next part of my legacy will only be available once you've comprehended an Intent of your own." "With that, this is where we'll have to part ways." Giving Valyr a nod filled with gratitude, Jekyll went ahead and began to make his way up the stairs. However, after taking a few steps, he stopped and looked back, only to see that Valyr hadn't moved at all. "The sun is about to set, you know," said Jekyll, a slight frown appearing on his face. "Though I expected you to take longer to comprehend this part of my legacy, I would've still stopped you midway and asked you to come back the next day once the sun began to set." "That's not really a problem," replied Valyr, playfully smiling. "I don't really have any other place to be at the moment." "But, do you remember the answer I gave you earlier after I requested for you to change the method of obtaining your legacy?" "The answer you gave me earlier..." Hearing those words, Jekyll furrowed his brows as he traced their conversation up to when they first arrived at the training ground. "Don't tell me..." Finally realizing what Valyr meant by his words, the man's eyes slightly widened in surprise. "How about it? Weren't you curious to see what level of strength I've reached?" Letting out a faint chuckle, Valyr made his way back to the training ground, taunting Jekyll with a wave of his hands. "You brat..." Slowly shaking his head, Jekyll let out a long sigh. Though, not long after, a wide grin adorned his face as he headed deeper into the training ground as well. "I won't hold back just because you're a Herald, you know." "Don't worry. I wasn't expecting you to." Chapter 487: A Deadly Game Of Chase Thud! Pushing the wooden staff he had picked up once more into the ground, Jekyll gestured for Valyr to distance himself a couple meters of away from him, which the latter promptly did. "Alright." With the two nodding at one another to signify that both of them were ready, Jekyll had a slight grin on his face as he opened his mouth. "Before we truly go ahead with this, let me ask you one more time." "Are you sure you wanna do this?" he asked, focusing all of his attention on Valyr's face. "Well, I did say earlier that it would be more interesting if we did this once my eyes have transformed." Chuckling, Valyr nodded. "Since that's the case, I won't go back on what I've said. I am a man of my word, after all." "If you say so," said Jekyll in response, a grin still adorning his face. "Anyways, to make this more even, feel free to choose any weapon you want to use from the weapon rack there." After that, Jekyll briefly looked at the spear behind Valyr's back before pointing at the weapon rack where he had gotten his wooden staff, causing Valyr to look at it for a bit as he thought about the side effect that came with the curse. 'I definitely wouldn't be able to use my spear... or any spear for that matter,' thought Valyr to himself as he recalled what had happened in the Shadow Plane, appearing in front of the weapon rack sometime later. Rubbing his chin for a bit as he continued to look, he eventually decided to pick up a wooden longsword, only for a frown to appear on his face. "Mngh..." Letting out a faint groan, Valyr felt a wave of pain wash over his body as his back began to glow a faint crimson. Not long after, small strands of crimson energy stemming from the mark on his back began to course through his body, all of which made their way to the wooden longsword he was holding. "Haah..." Having gone through the process once, Valyr had seemed to build up some sort of resistance to the process, causing him to let out a sigh of relief as the pain began to subside. However, most of his attention was still fixated on the wooden longsword before him, which now took on a tinge of crimson, its aesthetic now appearing to be slightly inspired by the form of spiders. 'Guess the side effect applies to any physical weapon.' Reminding himself that he would need to alleviate or remove the curse at some point even though he unexpectedly gained something from it, Valyr placed the transformed longsword to the side as he began to make his way back where he previously stood. "You're not gonna use a weapon?" Seeing that the young man had not chosen a weapon from the rack, Jekyll looked at the spear on Valyr's back once more before deciding to ask a question out of curiosity. <subtxt>nnrea.o</subtxt> "It would be more correct to say I'm discouraged from using one." In response, Valyr flashed a bitter smile at the man before pointing at the longsword he had inadvertently transformed. "Huh." Furrowing his brows for a bit, Jekyll went ahead and grabbed the longsword Valyr had picked up earlier, only to begin feeling that he was slowly losing his strength. Frowning, he put the longsword down and used his identification skill to get a better look at what was going on. "A curse, huh." Surprisingly, Jekyll got to the crux of the matter, finally realizing why Valyr did not choose to wield the blood red spear on his back. "Whoever cast this curse on you is definitely ruthless." "You can definitely say that again." Hearing Jekyll's words, Valyr wryly smiled, watching as the former returned to his spot from earlier. "So, will you be relying on hand-to-hand combat during our small game? Or will you be relying on something else?" Seeing as there seemed to be no other way around Valyr's restriction on weapons, Jekyll decided to ask the young man what he planned on doing. "I guess I'll use magic." As he replied to the question, Valyr conjured a small bolt out of mana, prompting Jekyll to nod in response. "Alright then." Feeling a bit more at ease with Valyr having access to another form of combat, Jekyll began to go through the rules and conditions of their small game one more time. "Once again, the goal is for you to land a hit on me. As long as you do that, it would be considered your win." "Naturally, since you declined my suggestion from earlier, I am allowed to fight back against any attempts at hitting me, as well as defend against any attempts at me." At these words, Jekyll let out a slightly mischievous chuckle. "Of course, to somewhat even out the playing field, you're allowed to use any of your skills at your own discretion, whether it be buffing skills, illusion skills, stealth skills and so on," Jekyll continued. "On the other hand, I am not allowed to use any of my skills. However, I am allowed to use the Intent I've comprehended." "Now that I think about it, the condition
