right?' '…but what if he was lying to me? What if he was actually part of the rebel faction all this time?' Continuing to take slow and deep breaths as he discarded all of the useless thoughts that surfaced in his mind, Valyr eventually regained his sense of calm, deciding to take a look at the quest's description once more. Ding! [Returning to One's Roots] (Subclass Promotion Quest) Difficulty: A As someone who has awakened their Shadow Energy and its connection through unorthodox means, becoming a Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer, you have been given a chance by an Abyssal Serpentine Lancer to tread the proper path to power, giving you either the option to take a slow yet stable approach, a quick yet dangerous approach, or a difficult yet rewarding approach. You have decided to take the difficult yet rewarding approach. Because of this choice of yours, you have been given access to the Shadow Plane, the realm where Shadow Energy originates. With the Abyssal Serpentine Lancer that has taken you under its wing guiding you, you must now refine this impure Shadow Energy to its original state, returning it to its roots, lest your journey as a Shadow Serpentine Lancer ends here. Time is ticking. Quest Objectives: > Improve your Shadow Energy to the point the system recognizes its existence (0/1) > Improve your Shadow Energy Mark to the 1st Cleansing grade (0/1) > Improve your Shadow Energy Mark to contain 10 points of Shadow Energy (0/10) > Slay a Shadow Serpent (0/1) Quest Rewards: > Promotion to Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass > ??? (Additional rewards dependent on performance during the quest) "Hello? Can you hear me, Valyr?" Just as Valyr was finished reading through the quest's description a second time, the young man heard a familiar voice resound through his mind, letting out a deep sigh of relief in response. After that, he wondered whether the other side would be able to hear his response through his thoughts, deciding to test it out as he asked a question back. 'I can, Elder Noel. Can you hear me, though?' "Loud and clear," said the voice in response to his question, allowing the young man to finally feel a bit of weight being removed from his shoulders. However, this sense of relief swiftly disappeared once he heard the voice's next words. "Unfortunately, we can't maintain this kind of conversation for long. Even though the quality of my energy is superior when compared to Shadow Energy, a great portion of it is consumed for every second we continue conversing." "With that, I'll have to get straight to the point." "Valyr, what you have to do…" "…is form a Shadow Eye." Chapter 410: Shadow Eye MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith 'A Shadow Eye?' Hearing Noel bring the term up, Valyr went ahead and asked the latter what he meant by that. 'How do I form something like that? Do I have to use my Shadow Energy to create an artificial eye or something?' "You're surprisingly close." Though Valyr could not see it, Noel's eyes briefly widened in surprise at the young man's guess. "However, to be more exact, forming a Shadow Eye isn't really as easy as just using your Shadow Energy to create an eye." "If anything, forming a Shadow Eye involves utilizing the connection you have with the Shadow Plane through your Shadow Energy, and then making use of that connection to be able to see your surroundings properly. If you have a considerably high level of control over your Shadow Energy, then forming a Shadow Eye would be a piece of cake for you." 'How about my sense of hearing, though? Do I have to form anything like the Shadow Eye to regain my sense of hearing as well?' Committing the old man's words to memory, Valyr posed another question to the old man, causing the latter to shake his head in response. "The Shadow Eye also allows you to regain your sense of hearing. It just takes a bit more effort after regaining your sense of hearing, really," said Noel as his voice continued to echo in Valyr's mind. "If you still have more questions to ask, ask them now. With the amount of Abyssal Energy I have left, I can only answer a few more of your questions before I have to cut this conversation short." 'Can't we just add each other to our respective friend lists and continue the conversation through there?' Feeling a bit of pressure at how he only had a limited amount of time left to talk with Noel, the gears in Valyr's brain madly spun as the question popped into his mind. In response, Noel bitterly smiled. "If that were the case, I wouldn't have resorted to holding a conversation in your mind in the first place." "I've already tried it with other people that have come with me to the Shadow Plane, Valyr," said Noel, letting out a sigh soon after. Unfortunately, the system's chat function is disabled while you're in the Shadow Plane." 'Is that so?' Hearing Noel's words, Valyr bitterly smiled as he let out a faint sigh of his own. Just as he was about to start trying to form the Shadow Eye Noel was talking about, a question popped into the young man's mind, recalling the last line in the quest's description. 'Now that I think about it, would I have enough time to form a Shadow Eye?' e. co "If your talent and potential is the real deal, you definitely have more than enough time." As these words echoed within Valyr's mind, Noel faintly nodded. "However, that does not mean you won't run out of time. Though the time here in the Shadow Plane is slower compared to the real world by a factor of 7, you only have about 7/8th of a day's worth of time to stay here before we have to return to the real world, considering that there's only about three hours left before sunset." 'Mn? What happens after sunset?' Taking note of Noel's words, Valyr decided to ask a follow-up question to what the old man had mentioned, which made the latter scratch the back of his head in response as he wryly smiled. "For the sake of saving energy, something you and I don't want to witness." Saying those words, Noel then told Valyr that he would have to end their conversation there for the meantime, but not before leaving the young man with a tip in forming a Shadow Eye. "Remember. Don't force it. Just let things take its course." "I hope you succeed in doing so before we have to go back." Whoosh! With the old man removing the connection made out of Abyssal Energy from Valyr's mind, which facilitated the conversation happening between the two of them, the latter was left in darkness and silence once more, leaving him alone in his thoughts as he wondered how he was going to go about forming a Shadow Eye. 'From what I could recall Noel say to me, I got to use the connection I have to the Shadow Plane through my Shadow Energy to form the eye.' Deciding to start from there, Valyr gradually sat down on the ground, utilizing his sense of touch to make sure that he sat properly. After that, he took in a deep breath before focusing his attention on the connection he had to his Shadow Energy, which was something he only made contact with whenever he used skills from [Shadow Serpent Combat Style]. Thump. Thump. Thump. Though the connection he had with his Shadow Energy was stronger due to how he was in the Shadow Plane, Valyr could not sense the connection at all. If anything, the only thing Valyr could sense at the moment was the faint movement of his heart, prompting him to focus more of his attention towards the connection, slowly but surely cutting off the remaining senses he still had access to. Whoosh! One by one, the remaining senses he had access gradually turned numb, only to disappear once a certain amount of time passed. In exchange, he gained higher sensitivity towards the connection he had with the Shadow Energy, feeling that he was getting closer to what seemed like an entrance to a wider world. Feeling like he was heading in the right direction, Valyr continued with what he was doing, with only his sense of smell so far being the only thing disappearing. By the time his sense of taste had disappeared, he felt that only a small distance separated himself from the entrance that he felt. Of course, when he had finally made his sense of touch disappear, consciously shutting off all of his senses from the environment of the Shadow Plane… Swoosh! He now stood in front of the entrance. Chapter 411: The World Of Darkness MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith 'So, what do I do next?' Now standing in front of the entrance he had perceived after consciously cutting off all of his external senses, Valyr stared at the entrance, wanting to capture every detail. In terms of how it appeared in Valyr's mind, it looked similar to the rift Noel had opened that allowed them to enter the Shadow Plane. However, rather than feel like his connection with Shadow Energy had become stronger because of it, Valyr felt like he was standing in front of the origin of Shadow Energy itself. Though, with how complex the overall feeling the entrance gave him, making him feel like he was staring at a small yet vast portion of the secrets of the universe, he also felt traces of the Abyssal Energy had control over, as well as two other energies that were of greater depth and breadth than the impure Shadow Energy he currently controlled. 'Should I just try opening it?' Figuratively scratching the back of his head as he wondered what to do next, Valyr eventually decided to put all of his mental power into opening the entrance, considering that it was the only sense he had left after cutting off the external five. eel. om 'Hmph!' Whoosh! At the very instant Valyr set his mind to pushing the entrance open, a small gust of wind blew around Valyr's body, prompting Noel, who was beside the young man all this time, to look at the former with a surprised yet solemn expression. "It's only been three hours, yet he's already touched upon the connection?" "As expected of a Herald. Truly monstrous even when compared to prodigies amongst prodigies." Deciding to wait and see whether the young man would be successful in breaking the entrance open on his first attempt, Noel sat down and used his control over Abyssal Energy to form a barrier that protected and shrouded the two at the same time, a faint smile now adorning his face. 'Mngh!' As for the one trying to pass through the entrance himself, Valyr instantly felt a great amount of resistance from the entrance after he put all of his mental power into pushing it. Noticing that it became more and more difficult the more he forced it, the young man decided to retract his mental power for a while, feeling a hint of strain as he wondered how Noel was able to push through the entrance in the first place. 'This has definitely got to be the connection Noel was talking about,' Valyr muttered inwardly, examining the entrance from every angle to see if he had missed an important detail. 'Aside from the fact that the Shadow Energy I have control over just wants to leap out towards it at any possible moment, it ain't the connection to a literal plane if it ain't incredibly difficult to open.' 'Hmm…' Forgetting that he and Noel could only stay in the Shadow Plane before they had to go back and return, Valyr continued to examine the entrance in great detail, pushing his mental power to its utmost limits in the process to make sure he would not miss even a small opening. Eventually, after examining it for quite some time, the young man decided to try pushing the entrance open once more, feeling a bit more confident thanks to the information he had collected while examining the entrance. For one, he was now privy to the fact that there existed weak spots on the entrance that posed weaker resistance to his mental power. However, the number of these weak spots, as well as their positions, varied with every passing minute, which left Valyr with no choice but to keep his senses peeled at all times to find them. 'Agh!' Focusing his mental power on the entrance to figure out where the weak spots were, Valyr began to allocate all of it towards pushing the entrance once more after he had found them, making sure that it would congregate towards those weak spots. Whoosh! Once more, a gust of wind blew around Valyr's body, causing Noel to look at the young man once more in silence as he felt the earth start to gradually quake. "…already?" 'Hmph!' Feeling like he was making more progress into opening the entrance than his first attempt, Valyr pushed his mental power even further, focusing a great portion of it towards the weak spots, which continued to move throughout the entrance all this time. Because of it, the young man now felt a great strain in his mind, yet he still persevered in the hopes that he would be able to break through soon enough. 'Push through!' Whoosh! A stronger gust of wind surrounded Valyr's body as the young man focused all of his mental power towards the weak spots, while at the same time controlling each and every bit of it to make sure it would hit against those weak spots at all times. Eventually, he felt at some point like there was only a faint amount of resistance from the entrance that was holding him back from being able to connect with the Shadow Plane. However, for some reason, this bit of resistance seemed to be the hardest thing Valyr was trying to push against. 'Don't force it. Just let things take its course.' Coincidentally, at that very moment, Valyr recalled the last bit of advice Noel had given him before their conversation abruptly ended, wondering to himself for a bit if the old man had given the advice in preparation for such times like this. Thinking that he would only have to rest for a bit to be able to attempt it again, the young man went ahead and applied the elder's words in action, putting less force into his mental power as he instead moved it in a way that made it seem like it was eroding through the entrance, just like how water would eventually start to drip through cardboard once given enough time. Fortunately, after minutes of testing out the new approach inspired by Noel's words… Pop! The entrance had finally given in, causing the connection he had with his Shadow Energy to grow deeper as all of his external senses were forcefully activated, sending him an influx of information regarding his surroundings. Regarding the Shadow Plane. Ding! [You have formed a rudimentary connection with the Shadow Plane.] [Your control over Shadow Energy has considerably improved.] [You have unlocked the passive skill 'Shadow Eye'.] Chapter 412: The World Of... Darkness? MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Unsurprisingly, after being deprived of all of his external senses for quite some time, the influx of information Valyr had received from it being forcefully opened caused the young man to feel a considerable level of mental pain. If he were to compare it to something, then it would be more or less equal to the mental strain he had put his mind through forcefully pushing the entrance to the connection open. Nevertheless, as someone who had endured such types of pain before, Valyr knew what to do and quickly shut off two of his most important senses, closing his eyes and covering his ears to allow his other senses to acclimate to his current surroundings. Then, once he felt comfortable with three of his senses active again, he removed his hands from his ears, allowing his sense of hearing to acclimate, before eventually allowing himself to acclimate his sense of sight, opening his pair of eyes in what was quite a considerably long amount of time. 'Mngh…' Squinting his eyes as he limited the amount of light his eyes took in, Valyr's sight eventually adapted to be able to see his current surroundings, which only left the young man at a loss of words as he stared at what was before him with his mouth slightly agape. "Elder Noel…" Shifting his gaze to the old man that was beside him all this time, Valyr tapped on the latter's shoulder to catch his attention, considering that the old man had been staring out into the horizon for what seemed to be quite some time now. "Is this really the Shadow Plane?" "Hmm?" Hearing his name be mentioned, Noel turned his head to look at the origin of the questioning voice, only to notice that the young man he had brought to the Shadow Plane was now looking at him. With an expression of surprise briefly adorning his face, the old man's mouth curved into a smile as he nodded. "What other place would this be if not the Shadow Plane?" "That's not what I was trying to say…" Reading between the lines of Noel's response, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he gave the elder a slightly bitter smile. "In my mind, I thought the Shadow Plane would look like…" "…it would have an appearance related to its name, I presume?" "Yeah." Valyr nodded, a bitter smile still adorning his face. "But don't you think this sight before you is somewhat the opposite of that?" Shifting his gaze to the sight before them, Valyr took in the surroundings of the Shadow Plane once more, taking in a deep breath to make sure he did not ask Noel the same question. When one compared the colors of the Shadow Plane to the colors of the real world, then the colors of the Shadow Plane were said to be slightly muted, leaning more towards a darker version of that color. The most prominent example of that would be the skies of the Shadow Plane, which looked to be the same sky blue as the one he was familiar with, but mixed with a somewhat murky gray. However, if one were to compare the landscape of the Shadow Plane to the landscape of the real world, then one would easily notice that there was a drastic difference between the two, something Valyr took a long time looking at to understand why the place was called the Shadow Plane, even though it was not a literal world of darkness. For one, land and water seemed to take on the opposite property in the Shadow Plane. As far as he could see, the ground they were standing on could be considered a large body of water, with small waves propagating throughout as many creatures roamed the landscape. He did not know how he and Noel did not sink into the water, nor was he going to try and find out within the limited amount of time they had. As for the land, Valyr was fortunate that there was a decent plot of land only a fair distance away from them, taking on the shape of a small lake. Watching some of the creatures lean their necks towards the land and proceed to take a bite out of it, the young man was left scratching the back of his head for a considerable amount of time, which was only exacerbated by the fact that one of the creatures fell into the land while taking a bite out of it. Indeed. Fell into the land. Even the trees and plants that one would become used to when out in the wilderness were also topsy-turvy within the Shadow Plane. Trees would have trunks made out of leaves, and leaves made out of wood, with the fruits hanging from the leaf branches having a seed-like exterior. As for the flowers, their petals were made out of leaves and wood, while the stem and leaves were made out of a petal-like material, which prompted Valyr to think that all of them would droop due to how flimsy petals were. But they didn't. Lastly, he noticed how the grass had its blades made out of roots and its roots made out of grass blades, prompting the bitter smile on his face to become wider. As to how he knew? Well, he could see the grass blade roots through the water, after all. If anything, Valyr was glad that the living creatures of the Shadow Plane were not inverted as well, with their inner organs being their outer appearance and vice versa. Then again, he would eventually come to know that the Shadow Plane had taken on a different approach on how these creatures were the opposite of their nature in the real world. But that would be a story for some other time. "I'm guessing you've gotten an idea of why it's called the Shadow Plane?" Seeing as Valyr continued to stare at the sight before them, Noel decided to pose a question to the young man as he let out a chuckle. "The real world is considered the light, so the opposite of that would be…" Though still somewhat uncertain, Valyr faintly nodded as he voiced out the conclusion he had come to, which only made Noel let out another chuckle in response as he nodded in agreement. "The shadow. Correct." Noel faintly grinned. "The reason why this is called the Shadow Plane is because the nature of this place is the opposite of the real world, with only a few things between here and the real world being the exact same." "In any case, I definitely wasn't expecting you to only take this much
