doing so." "As you know, all of us need a period of rest to fully acclimate to our newfound power. Of course, ascending to Rank 6 was no different, with the feeling of lethargy taking over my body the very moment I was done." "However, just as I was about to lay on the ground to get a bit of rest somehow…" "…" "…he went ahead and stabbed me in the back." Chapter 399: An Act Of Retaliation As these words left An'xhur's mouth, a bitter smile gradually crept up onto his lips, containing hints of mockery around its corners. Being on the opposite side of the sphere, as well as being privy to the half-orc's narration so far, it did not take long for Valyr to figure out that An'xhur was focusing the feeling of mockery on himself, giving the young man the feeling that he was inwardly admonishing himself for being a fool. "As my suspicions regarding his intentions of reuniting with me had disappeared by that point, it was no surprise that I felt a multitude of emotions after seeing my half-sibling, someone whom I thought had returned to my life in his entirety, stab me in the back just when I was at my weakest," said An'xhur with a sigh, slowly shaking his head soon after. "Was this when you began to retaliate?" Valyr asked An'xhur, recalling that the latter told him that he was able to inflict some damage to the one who had betrayed him. In response, a faint murderous intent emanated from An'xhur as a slight frown adorned his face. "How would I not?" replied An'xhur, his tone containing a hint of rage. "Even though I was at my weakest, hoping that the ones I had asked to accompany me in my ascension would protect me to the very end, I was left with no choice but to retaliate. The weapon my half-sibling had used to stab me was incredibly nefarious, being a weapon that introduced a poison that would even kill Myths given enough time." "Aside from that, the other people I had asked to accompany me, people whom I thought had no connections to my half-sibling whatsoever, were all under his wing at that point." "However, the most important reason as to why I retaliated…" "…was because he betrayed my trust." Whoosh! At the very moment An'xhur was finished talking, Valyr felt a gust of wind blow throughout the white space as the murderous intent the former emanated began to disappear. Instead, what replaced it was the feeling of oppression and tyranny the young man had felt from the half-orc earlier. The feeling that would only arise due to a great disparity in class rank. The feeling of overwhelming strength. The feeling… of the Sage of Erudition's rage. "Though I had yet to acclimate to my newfound power as a Rank 6 class holder, I went ahead and began my retaliation by reducing the number of enemies I fought against." Letting out a low sigh, the overwhelming aura An'xhur emanated gradually weakened, though the feeling of immense strength his body contained still remained. "Without hesitation, I allocated all of the unused XP I had at that point towards increasing my level, hoping to buy myself some more time before I succumbed to the poison, as well as give me more strength to ensure that my foes would perish from my wrath." "Of course, after taking the initiative in taking me down, my half-sibling and his 'lackeys' did not dare to dawdle around. Seeing as they were left with no choice but to ensure that I died, all of them unleashed their strongest attacks at me, with my half-sibling acting as a commander to coordinate the others." "Unfortunately, they underestimated how strong a newly ascended Myth was, especially one that was desperate to get back at his assailants." Surprisingly, An'xhur had infused a bit of his energy into the sphere, showing Valyr a few images regarding how the half-orc's retaliation unfolded. From what he could see through the sphere, the battle An'xhur had gotten himself into placed him at a great disadvantage. Not only were there ten people who sought to end his life no matter what, but they had also achieved the peak of Rank 5, with some even being considered Epics. However, just as Valyr was about to ask An'xhur how many of the ten he had dragged with him to the afterlife, the images on the sphere shifted to another portion of the scene, with An'xhur flashing a somewhat proud smile while Valyr was left at a slight loss for words at what he saw. "With a few punches towards the ground, combined with my newfound control over the world with a Concept, I had eliminated almost all of my assailants with a single move," said An'xhur, briefly glancing at Valyr. "Those who were most affected by it were those who had only reached the peak of Rank 5, turning into blood vapor just from my first punch." "After that were those who had achieved a higher level of power, the Epics," he continued. "Though they lasted a bit longer compared to the ones at the peak of Rank 5, they were still rendered dead by the time I had landed my third punch. At that time, I made sure the wrath I felt towards them was channeled entirely through my attacks." "Eventually, only one remained standing among the ten." Saying these words, An'xhur had a grim expression on his face. "My half-sibling." "To this day, I have no clue as to how he could endure wave after wave of attack I had sent his way." The half-orc deeply sighed. "Nevertheless, because of that, he was able to inflict more attacks on my body with the weapon." Swoosh! Finished with his narration, the sphere separating the two dissipated into thin air, allowing An'xhur and Valyr to look at each other face-to-face. With a solemn expression, Valyr processed everything the half-orc had said to him so far, waiting to see if the half-orc would tell him a bit more information. "I pushed myself far beyond my limits just to ensure that I could land even more damage on him, just so he could realize how much pain he had inflicted to me." At these words, An'xhur tilted his head slightly downward. "Yet, no matter how many skills I threw at him, all I saw was a nefarious smile on his face. It was as if he was telling me through his smile that his plan was a success." "Eventually, I gave up fighting back, instead asking him why he decided to betray me." As the half-orc said these words, he tightly clenched his fists, the anger within him bubbling as his half-sibling's response at that time lingered in his mind. "There was a multitude of possible answers he could have said in response to my question, but never did I expect him to be so blunt." "You know what he told me?" Asking this question, An'xhur looked at Valyr, the rage the man felt towards his current situation evident on the man's face. "What did he say?" In response, a somewhat curious expression appeared on Valyr's face, though this expression swiftly turned into a frown once he heard An'xhur's response. "I was in the way." Chapter 400: Passing A Dark Torch After An'xhur had said those words, silence enveloped the entire space, leaving both Valyr and the half-orc in their thoughts for a while as they both pondered over the situation An'xhur had narrated. By the time a couple of minutes had passed, An'xhur broke the silence as he let out a long and deep sigh while shaking his head with his head down. "I really thought he had returned to how he was before we grew apart." With his head still down, An'xhur spoke in a despondent tone, lamenting over how much of a fool he was to believe in his half-sibling. "I really thought he had changed for the better after reuniting with me." "But alas, that was all a facade to achieve his true goal." Once more, the half-orc let out a deep sigh. "To remove my existence. To ensure that there were no obstructions to his plan." "To ensure that he would become the best candidate for the throne." Though Valyr already had an idea as to the reason why An'xhur's half-sibling had decided to betray him and kill him, he was still uncertain whether his ideas were true or not, considering that they were just deductions from the information the half-orc had given him. However, now that he had heard the reason for the betrayal from the source, it was as if all of the pieces he had collected while listening to An'xhur's narration finally began to connect to one another, forming one massive image that allowed the young man to get to the crux of the matter. "Though I had to relive quite a few uncomfortable memories, I take it that you now have a better idea of the situation?" Taking in a deep breath to compose himself, An'xhur's expression eventually returned to how it was before the narration, looking at Valyr as he posed a question to the latter. "I do." Valyr nodded in response. "However, I still have a few doubts that need clarification from you." "Hopefully it does not touch on some more uncomfortable memories." In response, An'xhur flashed a bitter smile. "In any case, I shall try my best to respond to your questions." "Alright." Nodding in response to An'xhur's words, Valyr went silent for a bit as he thought about how he would phrase his first question. "So, if my understanding of it is correct, the gist of your narration is that you were killed by your half-sibling due to a political struggle you did not even actively take part in?" "That… would be correct. Somewhat." Pondering over Valyr's question, An'xhur eventually nodded in agreement. "Though there were times where I thought my contributions on the orc race would lead to my eventual inheritance of the throne, it is true that I did not actively seek to inherit the throne." "If anything, my half-sibling had deluded himself into thinking that I was doing it for the throne in the first place," said An'xhur, only to correct himself soon after. "Then again, there is reason to his train of thought, considering that I had done those feats earlier with the goal of making my parents happy, which had something to do with me aiming to become the eventual heir of the throne." "Either way, the original reason gradually disappeared with time, instead being replaced with just wanting to make the orc race better." Finishing his response, An'xhur briefly shrugged his shoulders, prompting Valyr to proceed to his next question. "After you uh… perished due to your half-sibling's actions, what happened to you after that?" As these words left Valyr's mouth, he looked at the man with a serious expression. "Considering that you're from the Khagarax Empire, it would make no sense for your soul to be within human territory, especially with the distance that separates the two." As far as Valyr knew, once one ascended to their Rank 6 class, one would be able to do even more things that would be unheard of for those at the lower ranks, such as separating one's soul from one's body even while one was alive. Of course, not a lot of people utilized this newfound power at Rank 6, considering how one's soul at this point still lacked reinforcement. Instead, it would only be used by those who had refined their soul to greater levels, which would only become common for those at class ranks higher than Rank 6. However, the newfound power did give newly ascended Myths access to something that was impossible for even Legends to do. Possession. If one were to die at Rank 6 and above, rather than both body and soul perishing to the afterlife, only one's body would cease to exist, with the soul separating itself in order to find a new body to take over and be reborn anew. Unfortunately, not all bodies were compatible with the soul, with the latter having to make sure that one would achieve near, if not perfect compatibility with the body to ensure all of one's power would be restored. With that in mind, Valyr found it odd for An'xhur's soul to be in human territory. Though, he found it more odd that the half-orc had not found a suitable body to take over, especially with how much time had passed since the man had established the trial. "If anything, your soul should have perished by now due to the passage of time." "That is true." An'xhur nodded before pondering over Valyr's question for a bit. "Even I have no clue how my soul still continues to remain standing even after I had traversed a great distance and endured the great passage of time." "Well… I guess you could think of it this way. Seeking revenge towards my half-sibling's act of betrayal is the only thing that's still keeping me connected to this world." As these words left An'xhur's mouth, a wry smile appeared on his face. "I may not know why that is the case, but I have a strong feeling that's why I'm still here." "Kind of ironic for a sage to say, right?" An'xhur let out a brief chuckle. "I'd say it's to be expected," replied Valyr back, letting out a chuckle of his own soon after. "Well, I've definitely expended far more energy than I thought I would during this meeting with you." Taking in a deep breath, An'xhur looked at Valyr with a calm expression. "At this point, I could safely assume that you more or less understand my current situation, right?" "I do." Valyr nodded. "Then… would you be willing to accept to take on the torch that I shall pass onto you?" As An'xhur said these words, a screen appeared in front of his field of vision, interacting with it a bit soon after. "At your current level of strength, this torch is undoubtedly fraught with danger, but I am left with no choice." "However, if you manage to survive through all of the ordeals and emerge victorious, not only will you have fulfilled my final wish, but I'm certain you would have also grown to become an exemplary being the world would definitely not ignore." As the half-orc continued to interact with the screen before him for a bit more, An'xhur's expression turned solemn as he asked Valyr one last time. "Once more, I shall ask you." "Are you willing to accept the torch I shall pass onto you? This dark torch that seeks nothing but vengeance?" "With how much I know about your current situation, it would be difficult if I were to refuse." In response, a slight bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face. "If anything, you could say that I am left with no choice but to accept." "With that, I guess my answer is a yes." "Well, I'm glad to hear you say that." Ding! [You have received a main quest: The Will of An'xhur.] Chapter 402: A Gift For The Journey MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith While An'xhur was still left wondering what Valyr meant by his response after the former mentioned his half-sibling's name, the latter inwardly let out a long sigh in response to his new undertaking. A massive undertaking that he had never even expected to obtain in the first place. 'I guess obtaining this quest this early on has its upsides.' Continuing to ponder over the quest he had received, Valyr thought about how he would be able to use the main quest to his advantage in regards to his plans in the future. 'For one, I would be able to reap a ton of rewards that would allow me to cement my position as a renowned being if I were to be successful. From how An'xhur had introduced his achievements thus far, it wouldn't be far-fetched to say that I would become the new Sage of Erudition, considering how I would inherit his Legacy.' 'Then again, if I fail, an incredibly brutal penalty even players would avoid like no tomorrow awaits me.' Recalling the list of penalties he had seen at the end of quest's description, Valyr slightly shuddered in fear, not wanting to imagine his plight if he indeed were to fail the main quest. 'Not only that, but failing it would result in great repercussions, such as the orc race's offensive against human settlements continuing to worsen.' 'However, if I were to take into consideration the story line during the first version back when I was a player, failing would be the better option.' Finding himself stuck weighing the pros and cons regarding what he was going to do in response to the main quest, Valyr scratched the back of his head. 'On the other hand, successfully completing the quest would certainly change the story line for the first version.' 'But why should I be afraid of causing another change to happen? After all, if I didn't change anything, I wouldn't even be talking with someone like An'xhur right now.' Eventually, he came to the conclusion that what he was already doing was the ideal solution to what he would have to face in the future. As to what this solution was… It was to go with the flow. "Hello? Are you still with me?" Coincidentally, at the very moment Valyr had finished mulling over his new situation, An'xhur's curiosity regarding the young man's silence had reached its peak, causing him to snap his fingers as he called for Valyr's attention. "I am." In response, Valyr nodded. "My apologies. I was just pondering to myself what tasks I would have to accomplish first before I could even get a shot at completing the task you've given me." 'And I mean it,' muttered Valyr inwardly not long after. 'Attempting to kill Khorza'an is no joke.' Regarded as one of the most important causes for the eruption of the War of the Three Sovereignties, Emperor Khorza'an not only had the authority over the entire orc race to instigate such a war against the two other ruling races of Veldanyr, he also had more than enough strength to protect himself even when the war was at its peak. After all, who on Veldanyr would be able to kill a Rank 7 class holder that easily? 'Even with my current class, I'll only have a slim chance of succeeding at killing him once I become a Legend,' Valyr thought to himself as he pondered over his chances of winning against such a powerful foe. 'But of course, killing him would become an afterthought as long as I become a Myth.' 'In any case, I guess I have more work cut out for me.' As this thought lingered, Valyr let out a faint sigh. 'The Four Pillars' Inheritance, the World Quest regarding the Zeihardt clan, and now the main quest involving plans to kill the emperor of the orc race.' "At the very least, I won't be bored out of my mind while I wait for the players to start trickling in." Muttering out these words to where only he could hear it, Valyr let out a soft chuckle that contained a faint hint of the excitement he felt for what was about to come. "Hmm…" With Valyr's response to his earlier question still lingering in his mind, An'xhur considered Valyr's chances of succeeding in completing the task he had given him, going so far as to take his half-sibling's strength before his death and Valyr's current strength into account. For a while, An'xhur gazed at Valyr in silence, causing the latter to faintly shudder as he felt that the entirety of his body and soul was being scoured by the half-orc currently gazing at him. Thankfully, this feeling did not last for long, with the half-orc taking in a deep breath as he looked at the young man in the eye. "You definitely have high potential, Valyr," said An'xhur. "However, I am not saying this due to your identity as a Herald of the Zeihardt clan. I only say this with confidence after taking your class into consideration, as well as the peculiar curse you currently have." "In fact, I am incredibly curious as to how you had gotten that peculiar curse of yours in the first place." At these words, An'xhur's eyes were wide open, giving Valyr the feeling that the former was gazing at him, yet at the same time gazing past him. Though, noticing how uncomfortable Valyr felt due to his stare, the half-orc swiftly retracted his gaze before composing himself. "Either way, after mulling over it for quite a bit, I must say that I feel a considerable amount of guilt at the fact that I had placed a great burden on you." "A burden that would be impossible to remove with your current strength." "Thus, I've decided to aid you out a bit in that regard." Whoosh! Manifesting a small ball of mana above his palm, An'xhur allowed the ball to hover before flicking it towards Valyr, passing through the latter's forehead as an influx of information surged through the young man's mind. "This is something I've created back then while I was still wholly focused on formulating the orc race's unique magic system. Though it is ultimately something I've created in passing after talking with a few human summoners, I suppose you would be able to make great use of it at your level, especially with that peculiar curse you have." "Perhaps, you might even be able to take it to further heights." Ding! "Only time will tell in that regard." [You have gained the active skill 'Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts'.] Chapter 403: A Half-Orc’s Hopes MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith While a notification sound resounded in his mind, the influx of information An'xhur sent to Valyr's mind gave the latter the feeling that he was
