result of me trying to endure that pain for as long as possible." He let out a faint sigh soon after. "Of course, I don't need to tell you why I decided to ascend here in the inn instead of where I was during the quest." "Definitely gives away a lot of information." Wells nodded in agreement before letting out a long sigh. "Well, I'll leave you alone for the meantime. Just let me know if you're heading somewhere or if you want me to come with you." "Will definitely do." Thanking Wells once more for taking care of him while he was unconscious as the man headed to his own part of the room, Valyr was eventually left to his own devices, finally allowing him to take a look at the massive amount of notifications he had gained while he was unconscious. 'Time to take a look.' Ding! [You have ascended to Rank 2.] Chapter 310: A Massive Jump Ding! [You have ascended to Rank 2.] [As you have ascended to a higher class, your VIT to HP coefficient has changed from 1:12 to 1:18.] [As you have ascended to a higher class, your INT to MP coefficient has changed from 1:12 to 1:18.] "With that much of an improvement in the ratio, I think I already match the amount of HP I had back in the duel against Leron." As he muttered to himself while going through the notifications he had received after going through the ascension process, Valyr's expression was mostly neutral. After all, most of the notifications at the beginning were the ones he had already expected to see, such as the improvement in his HP and MP ratio. Though, as he continued going through the list, a faint hint of excitement appeared on his face, becoming more and more intense as the notifications laid out the improvement in his stats after the ascension. [Your species 'Human (1st Unsealing)' has been changed to 'Human (2nd Unsealing)'. As you have transitioned to a higher-level species, you have gained +7 VIT, +7 STR, +5 AGI, +13 DEX, +13 INT, +5 WIS, +7 PER, and +2 LUK.] [Your class 'True Prodigious Blacksmith (Mythic)' has been improved to adapt to Rank 2 standards.] [You have gained +4 VIT, +4 STR, +4 AGI, +7 DEX, +7 INT, +2 WIS, +3 PER, and +1 LUK.] [You have gained 4 unassigned stat points.] pdα-| "What an increase." Reading through the notification that broke down the amount of stats he had gained from transitioning to a higher-level species, Valyr briefly whistled out in amazement. As he had already chosen Human (1st Unsealing) during his ascension process to Rank 1, then it only made sense for him to continue with its progression as the choice was available to him. However, unlike his choices during the ascension process to Rank 1, there were far more species available for him to transition into as a Rank 2 class holder, with a few of them even deviating from being human and leaning into something that only appeared human-like. Nevertheless, since reaching the peak of the Human species was a tried and tested path by many players in his past life, as well as the fact that the other choices were considerably worse than removing the 2nd seal within him, his eventual decision was natural. 'Then again, there was that one variant Human species among the choices that seemed to be better than undergoing through the 2nd unsealing,' Valyr thought to himself, recalling the list of species he could choose during the ascension process. 'But for some reason, why do I feel like choosing that species would put me in greater danger?' As the question came to mind, Valyr pondered over it for a bit in silence, remembering the differences between the variant Human species he had seen and the benefits of undergoing through the 2nd unsealing. By the end of his contemplation over the matter, he concluded that choosing the variant species would give him quite a substantial benefit to his strength. Though, from the feeling of danger he felt back when he was about to select it, he was inclined to think that there had to be some sort of trade-off in obtaining the strength. With that, he ended up going with his first choice in the end, though he had a feeling that the choice would appear once more after he went through his ascension to Rank 3. Once he was done mulling over his choice of species to ascend into, he then looked at the improvement his class had undergone through the ascension, being impressed while at the same time somewhat scared of the increase an ascension brought. "Mythic classes are definitely scary." "I can't even begin to imagine how much stats someone with an Ancient class would obtain." As the words came out of his mouth, Valyr's body slightly shuddered from what he had imagined. Deciding that there was no point in thinking over multiple what-ifs, he then moved his attention to the notifications regarding the subclass he had recently obtained. [Your subclass 'Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer (Uncommon)' has been improved to adapt to Rank 2 standards.] [You have gained +2 VIT, +1 STR, +3 AGI, +4 DEX.] "Definitely a substantial improvement." Valyr nodded after taking a look at the notifications, satisfied with the increase in stats the subclass gave him per level. With that, he wondered how much stats the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass would give him, already getting the feeling that his DEX stat would reach an incredibly high number once he had reached the peak of Rank 2. And that was with his current subclass. 'I wonder if becoming a Shadow Serpentine Lancer would increase my PER stat every level,' thought Valyr to himself. 'I feel like there's a chance that it would be the case. After all, from the feeling I'm getting from the subclass so far, I feel like it's going to push me into a combat style that takes greater advantage of the enemies' weak points.' 'And PER is going to help with that.' With the thought in mind, he took a look at the remaining notifications he had to read through, slightly left at a loss for words once he noticed that he had only reached the halfway point of the list. Seeing that the remaining notifications tackled the skills he had gained from the ascension, as well as other miscellaneous notifications, Valyr decided to take a look at how much his stats had improved. Though he had taken a brief look at his stats after obtaining his current subclass, he still felt like the difference between his stats right now and his stats from the life and death duel wasn't that much. Sure, he had gained a subclass and all that, but during the life and death duel, he was wearing a set of armor that greatly boosted his stats to more or less the same amount as the subclass. With that, he thought to himself that the increase wouldn't be that much, commanding the system to bring up his status screen in front of him. However, once he had taken a look at the screen in front of him that listed down all of his stats, it was then did he realize that he was very, very wrong. "Holy heck." Ding! [Valyr Zeihardt] Class: True Prodigious Blacksmith (Rank 2 — Mythic) Subclass: Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer (Uncommon) Species: Human (2nd Unsealing) Level: 26 Power Level: 2,771 (B+) Unused XP: 9,376,020 HP: 2,568/2,568 MP: 3,905/3,905 Attack: 1,007 - 1,051 Defense: 399 - 399 Stats: 123 VIT, 135 STR, 135 AGI, 279 DEX, 187 INT, 79 WIS, 109 PER, 45 LUK (4 unassigned points) Remarks: There are no other words one could use to describe you at the moment other than the word 'monster'. Did you take illegal elixirs or something? Sucking in a great amount of cold air through his teeth, Valyr stared at the screen in front of him with his mouth wide agape, with many parts of his current status screen leaving him at a great loss for words. "I could totally pass off as a dungeon boss of some sort with my current HP and MP." As Valyr muttered these words to himself in shock, he recalled the amount of HP and MP he had back then during the life and death duel. At the very instant he had recalled how much he had back then, he instantly took note that his current HP was substantially greater than the amount of HP he had during the duel, which was something he had expected due to the improvement in the ratio. However, what truly left him at a loss for words was the amount of MP he currently had, being roughly double the amount he had access to while he was engaging against Leron during the duel. Fortunately, he eventually came to accept the absurd improvement as he pondered through it, coming to the conclusion that it was just the improvement in the ratio and the distribution of the stats he gained from his class working to make it happen. "Four digit attack…" After getting over how much HP and MP he had, he then focused his attention towards his Attack stat, not understanding how his Attack stat had improved so much from just one ascension. Sure, the previous number was an absurdly high number for someone at Rank 1 to achieve, being something a lot of common Rank 2 classes and even Rank 3 classes had difficulty obtaining, but he still understood how it had gotten to that point. Thankfully, after looking the part of the notification list he had yet to read for a bit, he found his answer. Ding! [As you have ascended to a higher class, your Attack stat coefficient has changed from 1:2 to 1:3.] "I see." After reading the notification, everything in Valyr's mind swiftly fell into place, finally allowing him to realize how he now had an absurdly high Attack stat. Of course, that did not excuse the fact that his Attack stat rivaled those with common classes at the higher ranks, making him once more realize how utterly broken a Mythic class was. Eventually, his eyes gravitated towards the amount of unused XP he still had, causing his body to shudder once more as he thought about the improvement his stats would undergo if he used all of his XP towards increasing his level. Though he knew that he was now a force to be reckoned with in many ways, he eventually decided to invest all of his XP into his skills first and max them out before proceeding to use his XP on his level. "Speaking of which, I should take a look at the skills I gained." With that, Valyr went ahead and looked through his remaining notifications. Chapter 311: An Arm And An Eye "Hmm. I guess my hunch back then was correct." Taking a look at the skills he had gained after his class had ascended to Rank 2, Valyr nodded in slight satisfaction, recalling the thought he had in the past when he had just met Arcenne for the first time. From what he could remember, Arcenne was deftly wielding her spear through the pure manipulation of her mana, prompting him to think that her level of control was quite fine even though she didn't have a skill like [Mana Arm]. Which eventually led to him thinking about the possibility of gaining a similar skill once he had ascended to Rank 2. "I wonder what differences exist between the normal version and the current version." With this thought in mind, Valyr commanded the system to show him the description of the first skill he had gained, causing a small screen to appear in front of his field of vision not long after. "[True Prodigious Mana Arm], huh." Ding! [True Prodigious Mana Arm] (Level 1/10) Rarity: Common Almost all blacksmiths rely on their two arms to forge their works, with some transforming into items that would be remembered by the masses for the ages to come. However, there are those that feel constrained by being limited to only using their two arms to forge their craft, causing them to find various ways in order to alleviate this problem. Most of those with this problem took on drastic measures to gain their solution, transforming into a species that deviated from their original path, all for the sake of gaining more arms to work with. Fortunately, one man had gained inspiration from the plight of the previous generation and found a way to form more appendages that would aid one in the crafting process without having to sacrifice one's original path. Through the usage of mana. Due to the user being a true prodigy, this skill allows the user to form two additional arms made out of mana that extend out of their body. The level of fine control one could obtain from their mana arm is reliant on the user's DEX and PER stat, while the cost to maintain the arm is reliant on the user's DEX and INT stat. Utilizing the skill during the crafting process increases the chances of the resulting forged item to be one minor grade higher than originally intended. Note that this skill could also be used outside a forging setting, though the success one might find using the skill in these other fields may vary. Number of mana arms: 2 Cost: 25 MP (initialization), 3 MP per second (maintenance) Cooldown: 2 minutes "I see." Once Valyr was done reading through the skill's description, he faintly nodded as he took note of the substantial changes the current version had over the normal version, with the most important one being the number of mana arms he could create, as well as the scaling his stats gave towards the level of fine control he had with the skill. Deciding to check out the skill for himself, he went ahead and activated [True Prodigious Mana Arm], causing a slightly translucent arm each to appear slightly above his actual arms, their bases being located near the top of his shoulder blades. Becoming slightly mesmerized by the azure color the mana arms emanated, Valyr then willed for the mana arms to move, quickly finding the task surprisingly easy to do. With how the mana arms were positioned, their range of motion was slightly limited, though he eventually came to the conclusion that the range of the two additional arms would be more than enough for him to work with in a forging setting. Eager to try them out in forging as soon as he could, Valyr stopped himself as he recalled that the normal version of the skill had the ability for the arms to form at a distance from the user's body, giving these arms a wider range of motion. Though the ability only came about once the skill was upgraded to a higher rarity, Valyr was inclined to think that there was a possibility for it to be a hidden part of the current skill, considering that it was a variant based on his class. With that, Valyr willed for the arms to detach themselves from his back, only for the two to dissipate at the very moment he had done so. "Welp. I tried." Bitterly smiling at the outcome of the experiment, Valyr shifted his attention to the only other skill he had gained from the ascension, bringing up its description in front of him sometime later. "It would've been nice if I gained a skill from the subclass," he muttered to himself as he read through the contents on the screen before him. Surprisingly, by the time he was finished reading through it, his eyes glimmered with excitement, becoming eager to test the second skill out in a forging setting as well. "I wonder if this effect stacks with Jekyll's skill." Ding! [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] (Level MAX) Rarity: Mythic A normal prodigy takes the norm and ascends it to a level few can reach. On the other hand, a true prodigy takes the norm and transforms it into something greater, becoming something even prodigies yearn to achieve. Becoming the trailblazers of their own path, true prodigies gain insight on various aspects of forging that would normally be ignored by most blacksmiths. This insight might appear within their control over heat, their method of hammering metal, or perhaps their method of tempering their forged items to become more durable. However, amongst all true prodigies in the field of blacksmithing, there is one aspect of forging that all of them have an insight towards. The harmony of materials. This skill allows the user to gain the ability to see the areas where the materials used in the forging process are not unified, giving them the ability to resolve the problem and enhance the quality of their craft to a higher level as long as they have the ability to. If the user is successful in harmonizing all of the materials into one unified entity, the resulting item shall be one minor grade higher than the originally intended rarity. pdα-| "It seems I have a lot of experimenting to do once I find a place to start forging again." Closing up the screen before him, a slight grin crept up onto Valyr's lips as he took a look at the remaining notifications he had left, which amounted to two. With that, he read through the first notification, only for a thought to pop up in his mind not long after. 'Hmm. I guess I need to start looking for Skill Keys then.' Ding! [You have unlocked the ability to upgrade your skills to the Uncommon rarity.] Staring at the notification that had taken up a great portion of his focus, a slight frown formed on Valyr's face as he began to rummage through his memories in search of places where he could obtain Skill Keys. 'There's quite a lot of places I could go to if the only thing I have to find is Common grade Skill Keys.' 'The only problem is that I also need to get Uncommon grade ones.' As the frown on his face gradually deepened while he continued to look through his memories, the expression on his face eventually eased up once he had listed down the closest places to him at the moment where he could get both Common grade and Uncommon grade Skill Keys. "Huh. To think I'd come up with three spots to get them." Going through the locations that fit the criteria in his mind, a soft chuckle escaped his mouth as he scrutinized them even further, taking into consideration the difficulty of obtaining the Skill Keys in that location, as well as its proximity to where he currently was at the moment. "If that's the case… then heading to Virifarr Desert is a no go." Within seconds, Valyr had crossed out two of the three locations he had come up with, causing a bitter smile to replace the frown that adorned his face earlier. "Though the dungeon that contains the keys I want are considerably easier there, the journey there would take long." "Plus, it's at the center of the desert, which is basically in the middle of nowhere." "On the other hand, there's the Algerie Catacombs, which could be found at the outskirts of the city." As these words came out of his mouth, Valyr let out a faint sigh before shaking his head. "It would have been worth going there if I were on the lookout for Epic grade Skill Keys, but the difficulty to effort ratio in getting Common and Uncommon grade Skill Keys is too much." "Which only leaves me with only one place to head to." "The Lesser Meltierre Mountains." Though the place was still considerably far away from Algerie Kingdom, taking about half a week to get there on carriage, it was still within the lines of what Valyr could find tolerable, considering that heading from Clossbay City to where he was right now took more or less the same amount of time. Of course, compared to Virifarr Desert, heading to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains instantly felt like the better choice among the two, considering that the former would take him almost two weeks to get there by even the fastest carriage he could get with his current wealth. Aside from that, Valyr recalled that the Lesser Meltierre Mountains was considered an important location by the Meltierre Empire, prompting them to put up the necessary infrastructure that would streamline the process of entering and exiting the dungeons that contained the Skill Keys, even establishing a core city surrounding it. After thinking about the place for a bit more, he eventually recalled that the empire was able to segregate the dungeon into various portions depending on the rarity of Skill Keys they dropped, which would speed up his process of getting the Skill Keys he wanted. Making up his mind to head to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains sometime in the future, he then focused his attention onto the last notification on the list, which prompted him to take in a deep breath before letting out a long, low sigh. Ding! [You have received the continuation of the world quest: The Future of Humanity.] 'The first part of the world quest only needed to me to head to the Zeihardt clan's estate,' thought Valyr to himself as he pondered over the possible objectives for the second quest. 'So, it would be safe to assume that the next quest would continue from there.' 'I really hope I don't have to sneak into the estate or something.' Letting out a faint sigh at the thought that popped up in his mind, Valyr went ahead and brought up the description of the World Quest, only to be pleasantly surprised by the objective that was given to him. Ding! please visit [The Future of Humanity (2)] (World Quest) (Linked Quest) Difficulty: S The Zeihardt Royal Clan… description has been omitted. Quest Objectives: > Obtain information regarding the existing hierarchy within the Zeihardt
