to Valyr, who quickly affixed it on his back before looking back at the elder before him. "Correct me if I'm wrong in my speculations, but that innate skill reduces more and more of your stats the longer you fight, right?" Still having a pensive expression on his face, Noel looked at the young man as he threw a question at him. "That would be correct, Elder Noel." Valyr faintly nodded. "And does it only apply during fights?" "Yes." Valyr nodded once more. "Whenever I'm not actively using it in combat, the innate skill doesn't take any effect." "Is there a timer as to when the innate skill would disable after you're out of combat?" Noel rubbed his chin as he nodded, continuing to ask more questions for clarification. "I'm not sure on that one." Responding to Noel's question, Valyr flashed a wry smile. "However, while I was exploring a dungeon, even though I had to traverse a great distance before arriving at another enemy, my stats continued to gradually decrease." "Well, with that kind of innate skill attached to a weapon, even I wouldn't use the spear anymore." Letting out a low sigh after getting a better idea of how the innate skill on Valyr's spear worked, Noel looked at the young man with a hint of pity in his eyes as he flashed a wry smile of his own. "Anyways, I have a suggestion." "What is it, Elder Noel?" Raising his eyebrows in curiosity, Valyr watched as the old man took out a metal spear from his metal bracelet, causing the former to blank out for a bit as he instantly had a feeling he knew what the elder was going to suggest to him. "Have you tried using another spear aside from the one you currently have?" Giving the metal spear to Valyr, Noel watched as the young man looked at the spear he had received with a blank look, only to look back at the elder in silence soon after. Surprisingly, the thought of using another spear to see if the innate skill only applied to his current spear had not crossed Valyr's mind. After all, even though it was a curse, he found its effects a great boon as long as he utilized it correctly, as well as the fact that he would not have to go through tons of experimentation to find out which material would improve his spear the best. Nevertheless, now that Noel had brought up the idea to him, the young man resisted the urge to slap himself on the face with all his might, taking in a few deep breaths before deciding to do a few practice movements with the metal spear. Whoosh! Whoosh! "So, is the skill activating?" Seeing as Valyr was getting used to the feel of the metal spear, Noel decided to pose the question to the young man, who only responded after he was done adapting to the spear. "Well, we'll only find that out once I fight against something." Flashing a bitter smile at the elder, Valyr proceeded to move through the area they were in to possibly find a stray Shadow Mammoth they could test on. Unfortunately, with the effects of the mark still active, what ended up happening instead was a small group of Shadow Mammoths appearing within the duo's field of vision all of a sudden, all of which were charging towards Valyr. "[Shadow Serpent Style]…" Taking in a deep breath as his grip on the metal spear tightened, Valyr watched as the group of Shadow Mammoths moved closer to him with every passing second, eventually deciding to make a move of his own as he interacted with the refined connection he had with Shadow Energy. "[Dark Serpentine Repulsion]!" Swoosh! Slamming the tip of the metal spear into the ground, Valyr conducted the Shadow Energy through the spear, which caused a small magic circle to form on the ground. Not long after, this magic circle glowed as a barrier of dark energy swiftly surrounded Valyr from all angles, which was what the Shadow Mammoths had collided against. Bang! "Grooooogh!" With the fact that they didn't hold anything back in their charge, the momentum they had accumulated was swiftly sent back at them through the properties of the barrier, causing all of them to let out a pained cry as they were sent flying a couple of meters away. However, rather than remain where they were after they fell to the ground, as if their sense of pain was nullified, these Shadow Mammoths stood up once more and charged towards Valyr… Only to be met by the barrier once more. Bang! "Groooogh!" "What an impressive defensive skill." Considering that he was using the fourth technique of the [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] for the first time, Valyr looked at the sight before him with interest, staring as the Shadow Mammoths repeatedly slammed themselves onto the barrier as his mind came up with new combat strategies revolving around it. "So, is the innate skill taking effect?" As the Shadow Mammoths let out their pained cries for the final time, sending a decent chunk of condensed Shadow Energy Valyr's way for him to absorb, Noel asked the young man the question he had asked earlier, wanting to see if his hypothesis was correct. "Surprisingly, it's not triggering." In response, Valyr dispelled the barrier around him as he looked at the elder with a slight grin. "I guess I can finally return to using the—gah!" Chapter 417: The Curse Strikes Once More MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Letting out a yowl of pain all of a sudden, Valyr swiftly fell to the ground as he released his grip over the metal spear, writhing and contorting in many different ways to try and alleviate the pain. As for Noel, he looked at the sight before him with a blank expression for a bit as his mind was still in the process of understanding what was happening. Fortunately, it did not take long for Noel to realize what was going on, thinking to himself that something related to the innate skill had triggered within Valyr, which prompted him to take out a small pill from his spatial bracelet. "Here, drink this pain alleviation medicine." "Aaaagggh…" Even though the young man still continued to writhe on the ground in pain, Valyr tried his hardest to control his body, grabbing the pill of pain alleviation medicine from Noel's hands before proceeding to ingest it. Surprisingly, at the very moment he had done so, the pain he felt all over his body gradually subsided, slowly allowing Valyr to take in a few deep breaths to compose himself. However… "AAAAAAAGGGHHHH!!!" As if it was an act of retaliation to the pain alleviation medicine he had ingested, the wave of pain Valyr felt slammed harder than ever before, causing his body to writhe and contort in more exaggerated positions than earlier. "But I'm sure I gave him pain alleviation medicine…" Now feeling worried for Valyr's safety, Noel took a look at his spatial bracelet to see if he had indeed grabbed a pill of pain alleviation medicine, to which it did not take long for him to confirm. Closing his spatial bracelet as he wondered whether or not to give him a stronger dosage of the medicine, Noel's eyes were quickly attracted by something on Valyr's body. Something glowing. Though it was only faint, Noel noticed that Valyr's back started to glow a faint crimson all of a sudden, prompting him to try and take off the chestplate the young man was wearing, hoping to see if it would alleviate the pain Valyr was experiencing, as well as find out where the glow was coming from. 'This…' By the time the old man had taken off Valyr's chestplate and moved it to the side, he was left silent, his gaze entirely focused on what he saw on Valyr's back. Thanks to the faint crimson glow it had, what he saw was able to pass through the shirt Valyr wore, which was a mark of a spider surrounded by an intricate magic circle. Just as he was about to ponder to himself as to where the young man had gotten the mark, the glow the mark gave off started to intensify as a strand of crimson energy soon came out of the mark on Valyr's back. Whoosh! At great speeds, the strand of crimson energy made its way to the metal spear Valyr was previously holding, corrupting the spear as Noel felt a ferocious and tyrannical aura emanate from it. Concurrently, the metal spear underwent a drastic change in appearance as veins of crimson spread throughout its entire shaft, while the tip took on a more aerodynamic shape, reminding the old man of how spider legs looked. Eventually, once the metal spear had finished undergoing its corruption, the glow that the mark on Valyr's back gave off started to dim down, which brought along the wave of pain that the young man experienced. With that, the young man was finally able to breathe once more, while Noel went ahead and picked up the metal spear that had absorbed the strand of crimson energy from the mark on Valyr's back. "[Superior Analysis]." Ding! [Corrupted Metal Spear] (Level 20) Rarity: Uncommon+ Weapon Bond: None Foundation Tier: None Ascension Tier: None Attack: 62 - 103 Forge Quality: Average One of many spears mass produced by a blacksmith to be used by members of the Spearman Guild. Boasts great rigidity, strength, and flexibility due to the alloy used to make the spear. Has been corrupted by the vengeful energy of the Tidemother. Because of this, the spear contains a greater level of power when compared to other spears, though it comes at a cost. <Innate Skill: Tidemother's Vengeance - A deep-seated wrath towards the wielder of the weapon exists due to the defilement of the strength's source. Wanting to stop the wielder no matter what, its wrath spreads. Wielding this weapon in combat invokes a 0.2% decrease in the user's stats every 10 seconds, capping out at a 30% decrease in all stats.> Remarks: It was a good spear. "I guess… there's more to it than it seems." Scratching his head as he finished reading the description of the metal spear, Noel let out a low sigh as he decided to chuck the corrupted metal spear into his spatial bracelet for now as he waited for the young man to recover from the pain he had experienced. "Haah…" Taking in a few deep breaths while he gave his body time to recover from the pain, Valyr gradually sat upright on the ground, only for the effects of the pain alleviation medicine he had ingested earlier to finally kick in. Letting out a faint sigh of relief, Valyr then took in a few more deep breaths, eventually noticing that Noel was looking at him. Looking at the old man's expression, it gave him the feeling that he had a lot of questions to ask him, to which Valyr responded that he still needed a bit more time to recover. After a few more minutes of sitting on the ground, Valyr finally told Noel that he was ready to answer some questions, adorning a bitter smile on his face as he asked the old man, "You're curious about the mark on my back, right? Elder Noel?" "Well, who wouldn't be in that kind of situation?" Though Noel had a solemn expression on his face, there was still a faint hint of concern on it, inwardly wondering whether the young man was truly okay. "In any case, are you really fine with talking? You could still rest a bit more, you know?" "The pain alleviation medicine has taken away most of the pain that was left from that experience," said Valyr in response, slightly shrugging his shoulders. "In any case, it'll eventually fade away the more I move about." "Hmm… before I begin my explanation, would I be able to trust you to keep this information a secret, Elder Noel?" "If you want, I could swear a mana oath." "Hmm… how about you do that later, Elder Noel? Let the information I'm about to give you be the judge of whether or not it is worthy of such an oath." "Well… if you insist." "Alright, so it all begins in…" Chapter 418: Recognition Of The Shadow Plane MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "So… let me try and summarize everything you've told me so far." After asking Valyr a couple more questions amidst the young man's narration of everything that had led up to the current situation, Noel took in a deep breath as he sorted out his thoughts, organizing all of the information he had just received from the young man in his mind. "Go ahead, Elder Noel." In response, Valyr nodded, waiting for the old man to begin. "To start off your entire narration, you used to have a wooden spear, transmuted it with Lesser Tidemother Blood, and eventually had your spear siphon the blood and energy of a recently killed Tidemother to improve the spear even further." "Yes." Valyr nodded. "And then, because of that, a higher being became enraged and gave you a curse that has a mark on your back." "That is also correct." Valyr nodded once more. "And that curse basically makes any wild animal within a certain distance away from you grow stronger and turn hostile towards you… is that correct?" Seeing Valyr nod one more time in response to his words, Noel flashed a soft smile at the young man, only for the smile to turn bitter as he thought about Valyr's current situation a bit more. "It must suck living with that kind of curse," said Noel soon after, to which Valyr flashed a bitter smile of his own. "It's not bad when you're in the cities or the kingdoms." Valyr bitterly chuckled. "Then again, there was a time where I more or less removed all of the rodents within a village because of it." "Of course, I haven't tried testing the effects of the curse in a monster-filled area yet, nor do I have a death wish to want to do so." At those words, the smile on Valyr's face became more bitter than before. After that, he let out a faint sigh. "In any case, it's not like I don't have a way to turn the curse's negatives into positives. I do know a couple ways on how to utilize it, fortunately." "But at the moment, the cons outweigh the benefits, right?" "Right again, Elder Noel." Valyr let out yet another bitter chuckle, causing Noel to become silent as he decided to shift the topic to something that was still related to the curse, but at the same time wasn't. "Hmm…" Rubbing his chin for a bit, a thought soon popped into the elder's mind. "Now that I think about it, the blood of a Tidemother is a common material used in creating equipment, especially weapons made in the cities and kingdoms due to its properties of allowing the wielder to passively regenerate stamina and health." "With that, there should have been a case of someone being afflicted with the curse you currently have in the past, considering the amount of blood those blacksmiths used whenever they would forge high rarity equipment." At this point, Noel's expression became somewhat curious. "I wonder… did the curse only appear because it has something to do with the fact you siphoned the Tidemother's strength through your spear just as you killed it?" "I guess?" Valyr shrugged his shoulders in response. "Anything during that time could have been the reason as to why I got the curse." "Then again, when I handled Lesser Tidemother Blood for the first time to transmute my wooden spear into a stronger weapon, nothing of the sort had occurred at all." "Hmm…" Deciding to ponder over the thought for a bit, Noel eventually gave up as he came to a dead end in his thought process, letting out a low sigh as he then shifted his thoughts to Valyr's current condition of being unable to showcase his full might with the spear. "Well… since there's a short window of time that allows you to use the spear at your full might, I guess you should save the spear's techniques as a last ditch effort to turn the tides around." Though he felt a bit of pity at the fact that the young man wasn't able to use his spear right now, Noel was certain that there would eventually come a time where Valyr would be able to showcase the might of his spear and his subclass to its greatest extent. "For the meantime, continue to use your magic. Or, if you have a set of techniques stronger than the magic you currently use, feel free to use that instead." "So, pretty much what I've been doing all this time. Got it." Finding to take delight upon from Noel's words, Valyr let out a bit of laughter as he nodded in response, to which Noel responded with a chuckle of his own. "What next, then?" After the two finished letting out a bit of laughter, Valyr posed a question to the old man, prompting the latter to shrug his shoulders in response. "What else other than to kill more Shadow Mammoths?" As Noel said these words, he activated his [Shadow Eye]'s ability to see Shadow Energy, focusing his attention on the connection Valyr had with Shadow Energy that extended from the latter's forehead. "With how much your progress you've made, you would only need to kill a few more groups, actually." "And that would allow my Shadow Energy to be recognized by the system?" asked Valyr with a hint of expectation. "More like you would need to move to a stronger creature within the Shadow Plane to continue improving your connection." "I see. Well… that also works, I guess." Shrugging his shoulders in a way that told Noel he wanted his Shadow Energy to be recognized by the system as quickly as possible, Valyr let out a low sigh before proceeding to walk around the area in search of Shadow Mammoths to kill. But not before finding how much time the two of them had left before they would have to leave the plane. … "Grooooghhh…!" "And that's the last group of Shadow Mammoths I think." Taking note of the fact that the two of them had already been in the Shadow Plane for about 10 hours or so, Valyr watched as the Shadow Energy from the Shadow Mammoths' corpses slowly floated upwards before zipping through the air to make their way towards the young man's forehead. After that, the Shadow Energy condensed themselves into a single orb before proceeding to head towards a certain spot within Valyr's mind, reinforcing the connection he had with his Shadow Energy as he felt his perception of the Shadow Plane grow a bit clearer. Eventually, while looking at the connection with [Shadow Eye], Valyr felt that his connection with Shadow Energy had reached a saturation point, only to feel the remaining bit of Shadow Energy left to be absorbed to dissipate into thin air soon after. "So, what creature would I have to kill next?" Turning around to look at Noel as he felt the remaining Shadow Energy eventually disappear into nothingness, Valyr threw a question at the old man, to which the latter quickly responded. "Fortunately, you don't have to move that far." Watching Valyr fight from a high-up branch on a nearby tree, Noel looked at their surroundings for a bit before looking back at the young man. "Just move a couple of meters to your left." "A couple of meters to my—!" "Graaaooooo!!!" At the very instant he had done what Noel told him, Valyr heard a soft yet deep growl resonate throughout the area, prompting him to shift his gaze towards the origin of the sound. However, just as he was expecting to see a large creature come his way, what he saw instead… …was a dog-sized bear. "…" "[Greater Analysis]." Ding! [Shadow Bear (Epic Elite)] (Level 37) Class: Shadow Ursa (Uncommon) HP: 4,860/4,860 MP: 2,304/2,304 Stats: 270 VIT, 272 STR, 188 AGI, 266 DEX, 128 INT, 136 WIS, 98 PER, 74 LUK Skills: [Charge], [Hibernation], [Basic Shadow Energy Affinity], [Basic Physical Damage Resistance],… Remarks: You definitely don't see a dog-sized bear that often. "Haah…" Swiftly closing the screen he had brought up in front of him, Valyr took in a deep breath before letting out a long sigh, watching as the Shadow Bear gradually got closer to him. Then, seeing that there was only a fair distance between the two of them… Valyr sent out a barrage of blades made out of orange crimson flames at the Shadow Bear. "[Crimson Blade Torrent]." Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! "GRAAAOOOO!!!" Though it had become aggressive due to the effects of Valyr's curse, the Shadow Bear's behavior surprisingly returned to how it was originally at the very sight of blades made out of orange flames heading towards its way. However, before it could turn around and flee away from the overwhelming threat of the blades, the blades bombarded the Shadow Bear's body from every possible angle, leaving a charred yet disfigured corpse in its wake. Swoosh! Not long after, the Shadow Energy it had cultivated soon hovered above the disfigured corpse, zooming through the air to meld with Valyr and improve his connection with Shadow Energy beyond the saturation point. Weeeenggg… … … Ding! [Your connection with the Shadow Plane has undergone sublimation, increasing a level in quality.] [Your connection with Shadow Energy has undergone sublimation, increasing a level in quality.] [You have been recognized by the Shadow Plane.] [Your connection with Shadow Energy has been recognized by the system.] [You have gained the 'Shadow Energy' stat.] [You have gained the passive skill 'Shadow Energy Mark'.] Chapter 419: Onto Larger Foes MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Weeenngggg… At the very instant the condensed Shadow Energy from the Shadow Bear Valyr killed made
