"With that, I'll take this time to tell the four entering the inheritance a few reminders." "First off, one day inside the inheritance is equivalent to two weeks on the outside," said the old man, causing frowns to appear on Valyr and the other candidates. Being the chosen talents of their respective guilds, all of them knew that their presence could provide a lot of help in the skirmish against the orcs. In fact, some of them even began to hesitate entering the inheritance because of it. With how large the time dilation was between the inheritance and the real world, over three months would have passed if they were to stay in the inheritance for a week. What more to say if they stayed in the inheritance for a longer time? At that point, they might not have a kingdom to return to. "With that being said, though you could take your time exploring the entirety of the inheritance, I still hope you keep in mind the time difference between the two," continued Faulerei after giving the four enough time to think, to which the four eventually nodded in response. "Due to the immense difference in time, the ability to communicate with those from the outside world is disabled after you enter the inheritance, so I'd suggest you send your messages to your loved ones before you enter." Hearing that, the four looked back at Faulerei with a calm expression, prompting the latter to realize that they had already done so before coming here. Nodding in satisfaction, the old man went ahead and gave the four his final reminder. "Though the first two reminders are important, this final reminder I shall be giving you is the most important of them all." Perking up their ears, Valyr and the other three listened attentively to what Faulerei had to say. However, once the old man was finished talking, everyone looked at him with confused expressions. "Ascend to Rank 3 as soon as you can." Chapter 577: Entering The Four Pillars Hearing Faulerei's final reminder, Valyr and the other three looked at each other in confusion, wondering whether what they had heard was correct. From what they could recall, and from what they had been told all this time, the inheritance would only accept candidates that were at the peak of Rank 2 at most. Yet, the elder from the Imperial Production Guild was telling them to ascend to the next rank as soon as possible? Was he telling them to ascend right now? "Elder Faulerei, I apologize for asking." Wanting to know why the elder had blurted it out all of a sudden, Hal decided to ask him in the stead of others. "If I remember correctly, the reason why we've limited ourselves to the peak of Rank 2 is so that we could enter the inheritance, right?" Looking at Hal, Faulerei nodded in response. "That is correct." "Since that's the case, wouldn't ascending to the next class rank sound counterintuitive?" At those words, a great part of the group nodded in agreement. After all, as far as they knew, entering the Four Pillars' Inheritance could only be done before the candidate has ascended to Rank 3. Fortunately, at that moment, the elder's words clicked in some of the people's minds, finally understanding what he was trying to say. Seeing that, Faulerei flashed a wry smile as he continued to look at Hal. "It seems you've misinterpreted my words." "I'm not asking you four to ascend to Rank 3 right now," said Faulerei. "I'm asking you four to ascend after you've entered the inheritance." "Ahh…" Thankfully, with those words, the four finally understood. Inferring from what the elder had told them, they only needed to be at the peak of Rank 2 to enter the inheritance proper. However, once they got in, the strength limit did not matter anymore, allowing them to ascend to the next class rank without a problem. Then, with a greater level of strength, they would be able to explore more of the inheritance and obtain more out of it. "Aside from what you might be thinking, ascending within the inheritance also increases the abysmal concentration of mana within the inheritance by a considerable degree." Giving the four and the others time to think, Faulerei faintly nodded with a slight smile. "As we continue having more people enter the inheritance, the concentration of ambient mana within the inheritance will eventually be equal to the concentration of ambient mana here." "In any case, I have told you four everything you need to be reminded of." Feeling like now was time for the four to enter, Faulerei started to walk off the large stone wheel at the center, causing the golden energy within the structure to start moving. Within seconds, the golden energy within the stone wheels at the structure's periphery made their way to the stone gate, gradually opening a rift as more and more golden energy was absorbed by the gate. "To the four of you, I wish you all the best of luck and a bountiful harvest." Standing where the four's escorts and the reconnaissance teams were, the old man looked at the rift with a wide grin as he watched the four gradually make their way into the rift. However, just as the first person among the four was about to enter the rift… "Wait a second!" All of a sudden, everyone in the area looked in the direction of the voice, with some of them becoming slack-jawed at the sight of the two people that had arrived. "Imperial Alchemist!" Faulerei was the first one to recognize one of the two people that had arrived, giving them a respectful half-bow as the two gradually landed on the clearing before the structure. "Might I ask what brings you and your apprentice here?" "What else if not for the Four Pillars' Inheritance?" Hearing the question directed at her, Mystia let out a bit of laughter as she wrapped her arms around the shoulders of the one she brought along. "I plan on having my apprentice here join the four right there in their exploration of the inheritance. Would that be fine with you, Faulerei?" At those words, Faulerei slightly frowned. "Your apprentice, Vera?" Looking at the young woman that had accompanied Mystia, the old man felt like she could not match even the weakest among the four chosen candidates in terms of strength. However, after looking at her for a while, he eventually felt a mysterious aura passively emanating from her body, causing his eyes to widen in surprise as it felt familiar. 'Why does she has a similar aura to the Imperial Alchemist?' asked Faulerei himself, wracking his brain to come up with a plausible answer. Though, in the end, he let out a low sigh, nodding as he gestured for Vera to join the other four. "I may not be sure as to what might happen if five people were to enter the inheritance," said Faulerei. "However, considering that we've attempted to have multiple people enter the inheritance in the past and all of them left unscathed, your apprentice can tag along." Hearing that Vera could join in, a wide smile swiftly appeared on Mystia's face. "Don't worry, Faulerei. I'll make it up to you once all of them have returned from the inheritance." "If that's what the Imperial Alchemist wishes to do, then I shall express my sincerest gratitude in advance." Though he was inwardly ecstatic at obtaining her favor, Faulerei made sure to not show it on the outside, shifting his attention on the five that would enter the inheritance. 'Vera's joining us, huh.' Seeing Vera walk up to them, Valyr shifted his attention towards Mystia, who noticed the young man looking at her. Winking at him with a slight grin, she swiftly returned her attention back to Elder Faulerei while Valyr tried to understand what she meant by her sudden gesture. 'Ah, whatever.' In the end, the young man decided to put those thoughts to the side for the meantime, returning his attention on the rift in front of him. As they had to go through the rift one by one, Valyr decided to be the last to enter, having Vera go before him. However, just as Valyr's turn to enter the rift had arrived, a notification sound had resounded in his mind. Taking a look at what notification he had received, he looked at Mystia once more as various expressions briefly appeared on his face. 'What are you planning?' Faintly scratching the back of his head at the notification he had received, he had decided to put the thought to the side for the meantime as well, finally entering the rift that would lead them to the inheritance. Chapter 578: Blackflower Company Earth, somewhere in Japan. Within one of the outer prefectures making up its main city, a tall skyscraper could be seen, dwarfing almost every building within a kilometer around it. Near the topmost portion of the skyscraper was an office that had a wide view of the cityscape. At its center was a large desk made out of mahogany, where a woman in a sleek business suit could be seen looking through documents. Knock. Knock. Knock. "Come in," said the woman, causing the door to open as a young man made his way inside. Apologizing to the woman for the disturbance, he gradually made his way to where the woman was, giving to her the documents he had brought along. "This is all of the information our company has gathered during the last few days, President." Though he was nervous, the young man did not dare to show it on the outside, maintaining a subservient posture as he waited for the response of the woman before him. "I hope it satisfies your curiosity." "Whether or not it satisfies my curiosity will be something I'll find out on my own," replied the woman as she briefly nodded. Grabbing the documents the young man had brought with him, she began to flip through them one by one, a solemn expression covering his face. However, after flipping through the documents for a while, her expression changed into that of ponderation as her eyes briefly widened in disbelief. "This is…" Then, as if she had been possessed by some sort of devil, the woman continued to go through all of the documents, placing the entire thing on her desk as she closed her eyes. Eventually, she let out a low sigh as she slowly opened her eyes once more, faintly shaking her head as the information she had just read continued to linger in her mind. "Good work, Kenji." Briefly glancing at the document the young man had brought, the woman soon shifted her attention to the former, giving him a faint smile. "With your work ethic, it won't take long for you to be promoted." "For now, head back to work. I'll contact you when I have something else to request." At those words, a smile appeared on Kenji's face as he gave the woman a respectful half-bow. Then, after excusing himself, the young man left the room not long after, leaving the woman on her own once more. Remaining seated for a bit longer, it was only when she was sure Kenji had left did the woman get up from her seat, letting out a long sigh as she stared out of the window behind her. Admiring the cityscape below her, she eventually asked herself, "Where could the Blackflower Company be located?" At this question, her thoughts shifted back to what had happened almost a week ago. During that time, the beta to a new True Immersion VRMMORPG had been released. Though a limited number of people had been specially chosen to enter it for the meantime, the entire event was still shared throughout the world. Because of that, the entire world had four days to look into the new game that was named Greater Beyond. Whether it was the players that had been part of the beta or the people that had been watching the beta from the streams, all of them were at a loss for words at what Greater Beyond was capable of. Not only was everything incredibly lifelike, whether it was its graphics or its sensations, the fact that the passage of time was seven times slower within the game had astounded many of them. To compare, the competing VRMMORPGs at the time only had a time dilation ratio of one to three, which was more than enough for many people. Then again, who would say no to a time dilation ratio that was more than twice as better than the previous? With all of those elements, as well as the appearance of the five Leviathans of the VRMMORPG world, the game had generated a great amount of hype within those four days. Even though a few days had already passed since the beta was over, many people were still talking about the game. In fact, a cult-like following had even been created around the remaining time before the game's eventual public release. "Over a month and a half still remains before it releases," muttered the young woman to herself, a hint of eagerness appearing on her face for a brief moment. Having experienced what it was like to be in the game firsthand thanks to the beta, her desire to play the game was far greater than the masses, even going so far as to contact the company behind Greater Beyond to get into the game earlier than the others. Surprisingly, this woman was none other than the leader of Starry Night, the person that went under the alias Moonlight_Desire, Yuuna Takahashi. "I wonder if the others have found traces of where the Blackflower Company is located?" Sporting a luscious head of pitch-black hair and irises as dark as the night sky, her appearance made her gave off the feeling that she was one's friendly neighbor of some sort. Then again, her true personality was anything but, instead making one feel like she was the epitome of coldness, whether it be through her words or her demeanor. "I should try and call Tianshen if he's found any leads." Taking in a few deep breaths while sorting out the thoughts in her mind, the woman returned to her desk before using her phone. Being the owner of the large conglomerate that the Starry Night gaming organization was a part of, it took a while for her to find the contact she wanted to call, placing her phone on her ear only after it connected. "Hey there. What's made the great miss Takahashi call this lowly peasant?" Faintly chuckling, the man on the other side of the call initiated the conversation. "Cut it out, Tianshen." Inwardly letting out a long sigh, Yuuna had a cold expression on her face as she responded in the same language as the man. "I'm here to ask if you've found any leads on the Blackflower Company." "You're trying to find their leads as well?" replied Tianshen with slight surprise. "How's that going?" "No luck," said Yuuna in response, subconsciously shaking her head. "You?" At the question, Tianshen let out a low sigh. "No luck either. Do you think the other three would have already found leads on them?" "With how our attempts turned out, probably not." Pondering over other ways they could obtain access to Greater Beyond early, the woman stood up from her seat before beginning to pace around the room. Eventually, after a bit more talking back and forth with Tianshen, an idea surfaced in her mind. . "Now that I think about it, there's one other method we haven't tried using yet," said Yuuna all of a sudden during the conversation, piquing Tianshen's interest. "And what would that be?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity, Tianshen waited for the other side to explain her thoughts, only to let out laughter not long after. "As expected from the owner of the Starry Night conglomerate." "To think you'd suggest bribing them with money." "Then again… it's not a bad idea." Chapter 579: Four Pillars: Shattered Lands Whoosh! Entering the rift that would lead him to the Four Pillars' Inheritance, Valyr felt space pulling on him from all sides for a brief moment. Though, after having experienced the process of teleportation a few times already, the young man decided to close his eyes and endure the pulling sensation for a bit longer. Opening his eyes once he felt like his feet landed on solid ground, the young man was somewhat surprised by the fact that walls were all around him, expecting to encounter a vast land in front of him instead. With the walls being made out of metal and fastened with rivets, Valyr felt like he was inside the hull of a ship for a brief moment. Then again, he could not fully delude himself into believing that as the ground was made out of pure dirt. "You took quite some time to arrive here." Just as he was about to explore the corridors that extended out of the place he appeared him, the four that came before him appeared and waved at him. "Did something happen in the outside world before you came here?" Hearing the question Hal asked him, Valyr softly shook his head. "I just forgot to send a couple of important messages to some people, that's all." "Anyways, what have you guys discovered so far?" As the others nodded in understanding, the young man asked this question. "Not much," replied Faulus. "So far, we've come to the conclusion that we're in a labyrinth made out of metal of some sort. As for the mana issue Elder Faulerei has reminded us time and time again, that doesn't seem to exist here. The concentration of mana here is more or less the same as the concentration in the outside world." "Is that so?" In response, Valyr could only nod. After that, the others shared the findings they've found so far while exploring the place, which more or less matched up with what Faulus had told Valyr. Nevertheless, they still told him what they found out since he was the acting leader of the group. Listening to everyone's experiences within this place so far, the young man felt an inclination to explore the place on his own. However, just as he was about to do so, a disembodied voice resounded throughout the entirety of the space. "All of the necessary prerequisites have been met." "All of the additional prerequisites have been met." "External factors have been added to the equation." "Opening up 100% of the Shattered Lands of the Four Pillars." Rumble… With the attention of the five focused on the words spoken by the disembodied voice, the entire space began to rumble all of a sudden, prompting everyone to stabilize themselves to the ground by manipulating a bit of mana. Though, rather than expecting something to be opened within the space or for something to appear… What happened instead could only leave the five at a great loss for words. Swoosh! Gradually, the walls surrounding the five began to hover, eventually allowing them to find out that a vast landscape existed beyond the walls. Then again, all of their attention was still focused on the floating structure, which eventually stopped by the time it had reached an altitude of a couple dozen meters. Whoosh! Then, without any warning, the floating structure darted in the direction that went deeper into the landscape, leaving the five no choice but to look at the sight before them. 'Huh…' At the very instant Valyr laid his eyes upon the landscape in front of them, all he could think about was the fact that the entire landscape resembled the cityscapes Earth had aplenty. However, compared to the cityscapes of Earth, the cityscape that existed before him was in ruins, only being a sheckof its former glory. "I see." While everyone was left in awe at the sight before them, Hal took note of the mana surrounding them, attracting everyone else's attention with his words. "Now I see why Elder Faulerei told us to ascend." Looking at Hal, Faulus raised his eyebrow in curiosity. "What do you mean?" "I feel like the structure we were in earlier had been storing most, if not all of the mana that was in this space," said Hal in response. "However, now that the structure had gone off into the distance, this mana has begun to scatter. The only reason we haven't taken good notice of the change is the fact a considerable portion of the mana is still lingering around us." Listening to Hal's words, Valyr briefly closed his eyes as he sensed the mana that existed in their surroundings. After a minute or so, he opened it once more, looking at Hal as he nodded in agreement. "If all of the mana in our surroundings eventually spread throughout the space evenly, I'd say the concentration of mana here is around 1/100th of the concentration in the outside world." "So, using magic here is only 1% effective compared to using it in the outside world?" asked Loreina in response. After all, among them, she was the one who relied on magic the most when it came to combat. . In response, Valyr could only shrug his shoulders. "We'll find that out when we get there. For now, let's do what Elder Faulerei said and ascend to the next rank." At those words, everyone nodded in agreement before proceeding to distance themselves from one another. After that, everyone sat cross-legged on the ground before going through their respective ascensions. "System, I would like to ascend." Taking a brief look at everyone engrossed at the choices the system had given them, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to begin his ascension process to Rank 3. Ding! [2,908,993 XP has been consumed. You are now Level 41.] [As you have ascended to a higher class, your VIT to HP coefficient has changed from 1:18 to 1:24.] [As you have ascended to
