magic skill, Noel was left at a loss for words when he instead saw Valyr begin to chant a string of words that sounded gibberish to his ears. Though, just as he was about to head to where Valyr was and ask what the young man was doing, those thoughts disappeared in Noel's mind in the meantime as he watched the young man place both of his hands on the ground, chanting the string of gibberish-sounding words once more before proceeding to channel mana through his hands. Swoosh! Within seconds, a complex magic circle made up of multiple runes appeared before Valyr, consuming a great portion of his mana pool before giving the young man the feeling that it could continue operating without his input. With that, Valyr stepped back and allowed the magic circle to do its thing, keeping the cooldown of the summoning skill in mind as he watched the magic circle before him absorb the ambient mana in the surroundings. By the time the first magic circle he had conjured was around halfway to becoming saturated with mana, Valyr felt that he was able to use the summoning skill once more. Without hesitation, he distanced himself from the first magic circle, only to do the same thing all over again, chanting a string of gibberish-sounding words before slamming his hands to the ground and infusing it with mana. Swoosh! Taking in a few deep breaths as he allowed his mana to regenerate, Valyr sat on a nearby boulder as he watched the two magic circles absorb the ambient mana in the surroundings and do their thing. Eventually, the first magic circle had become saturated with mana, prompting the mana it had absorbed to congregate at the center as a boar spanning over four meters in length manifested on top of that. Sometime later, the second magic circle had become saturated with mana as well, undergoing through the same process as a boar of the same size appeared before Valyr. "Well then…" With a somewhat excited smile adorning his face, Valyr stood up from where he sat as he moved closer to the boars, noticing that both of them were looking at him. With both boars giving off the feeling that they were connected to him in soul, the young man went ahead and identified their stats as he asked them a rhetorical question. "Let's do some combat testing, shall we?" Chapter 426: The Game Plan MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "Gork!" In response to his rhetorical question, the two boars let out a deep yet brief snort in unison, causing the smile on Valyr's face to become wider as he returned his attention to the status screen he had just brought up. Ding! [Arx'has Boar (Elite)] (Level 1) Class: Arx'has Boar HP: 1,765/1,765 MP: 914/914 Stats: 139 VIT, 110 STR, 120 AGI, 199 DEX, 72 INT, 34 WIS, 61 PER, 23 LUK Skills: [Charge], [Basic Physical Damage Resistance], [Basic Physical Damage Nullification], [Inferior Regeneration] Remarks: Although it is lacking in the mental department, it is still a superbly strong being at Level 1. 'Well, with these stats, they won't be doing any of the attacking any time soon.' Getting a rough idea of the capabilities of the two Arx'has Boars before him, Valyr proceeded to close the screen he had brought up before shifting his gaze to the two boars, taking a look at them in greater detail. Aside from the fact that they were over four meters in length, these boars stood at a height of just a little bit over a meter while standing, giving Valyr the feeling that the boars would overwhelm him in terms of body size. Then again, with the disparity that existed between their stats, that feeling had become more or less negligible, prompting him to move his attention onto the other parts of the Arx'has Boars. 'I wonder how much they'll level up after taking on one round of Shadow Tigers?' As this question lingered in his mind, Valyr moved closer to the boars, taking note of the fact that the two were still looking at every move he made. With that, he shifted his gaze to their ash gray fur, which surprisingly glowed a faint brown under the dim lighting of the Shadow Plane. After that, Valyr grazed his hands over it, only to find it surprisingly soft to the touch. 'I guess that's part of the reason why these guys were chosen as mounts for the orc warriors, aside from their large size.' Seeing that the other boar was conveying to Valyr through its expression that it wanted its fur to be ruffled as well, the young man let out a faint chuckle before proceeding to do the same thing to the other boar, which made both of the boars let out a satisfied grunt in response. "Alright. Let's talk about our game plan." Feeling that he had spent enough time familiarizing himself with the two Arx'has Boars, Valyr moved in front of them before proceeding to initiate a conversation with them. Though their response to his words was nothing more but a simple snort, with the connection the two had to his soul, Valyr nodded back in response as he went silent for a bit. "Hmm… how about this? I'll be scouting ahead for signs of Shadow Tigers while you two will maintain a set distance behind me." Saying these words, Valyr looked at the two to see if they understood. Fortunately, even though it took a while for the gears in their mind to turn, the two boars let out an affirmative grunt in response, allowing the young man to continue with his explanation. "Then, once I find signs of Shadow Tigers, I'll give you guys a signal and that'll be your cue to wrangle them all up so I could deal with them in one hit." After Valyr had finished laying down his plan to the two boars, he then proceeded to make a sharp whistle sound with his mouth, informing the two boars of the signal that they had to listen to. Of course, with how the mental faculties of the Arx'has Boars were somewhat lagging behind their physical capabilities, Valyr was forced to explain the entire plan to the two a couple more times, growing slightly more annoyed with every subsequent repetition. "Gork." Thankfully, the two boars eventually understood what Valyr wanted to happen, prompting the two to let out affirmative snorts in unison, causing the young man to let out a long sigh of relief while nodding. Taking in a deep breath, Valyr turned around to look at the area in front of them before proceeding to hop onto a nearby branch. Then, nodding at the boars to signal that their plan was beginning, the young man proceeded to move through the branches in search for Shadow Tigers, with the Arx'has Boars tailing behind Valyr, making sure that there was a decent amount of distance between them. … "A summoning skill…" Watching Valyr and the two boars he had summoned move farther away from where he stood, Noel's eyes were wide open as he was left at a slight loss for words. "You're telling me he also uses summons in his combat style?" "Him being a blacksmith is understandable. After all, it's what allowed him to become a candidate for the Four Pillars' Inheritance in the first place," muttered Noel to himself as he tried to make sense of what he had just seen. "Him being a spearman is also understandable, since earning combat experience would help out in forging." "Him being able to cast magic is also understandable, since it's an incredibly versatile system to use." At these words, the old man scratched the back of his head in slight fury. "But to even have access to summoning skills, and strong summoning skills at that…" "Absurd." Feeling that he would only get a headache the more he thought about it, Noel shook his head as he placed his current train of thought at the back of his head, deciding to start moving if he wanted to see Valyr's summons in action. "In any case, those boars Valyr summoned are unlike any type of boar I've seen in the past." Whilst he moved in the direction Valyr and the two boars were heading in, Noel thought back to the appearance of the boars the young man had summoned, rubbing his chin in the process. "I wonder if it's a species of boar unique to the summoning skill he has?" "Well, whatever the case may be..." "Let's see if these boars could stand their ground against the Shadow Tigers." Chapter 427: A Hundred And Eleven MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Whoosh! After darting around the area for quite some time, Valyr eventually stopped on a sturdy branch, taking note of a creature grazing within his field of vision from over a hundred meters away. Making sure that he did not trigger the curse, Valyr pushed his perception to its limit as he identified the creature with [Greater Analysis] while he continued to track its movements. Ding! As a notification sound resounded in his mind, Valyr moved the screen that had popped up in his field of vision to the side as he watched the creature for a bit longer, wanting to see if there was a pattern in its movements. While doing so, he took note of its appearance, which was similar to all of the other creatures he had encountered and killed before in the way that its fur had a darker shade due to it being in the Shadow Plane. However, rather than its size being similar to the Shadow Bears and Shadow Lions in the way that it was the same size as a cat or a dog, the creature the young man was looking at seemed to be as large as a wolf. "I guess I'm up against one of the lowest level predators of the Shadow Plane." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr finally took his gaze away from the creature and looked at the screen he had brought up, only to take in a deep breath as he focused on the creature's physical attributes. [Shadow Tiger (Legendary Elite)] (Level 50) Class: Shadow Tigris (Uncommon) HP: 8,592/8,592 MP: 3,240/3,240 Stats: 358 VIT, 513 STR, 506 AGI, 360 DEX, 135 INT, 140 WIS, 259 PER, 113 LUK Skills: ??? (skills unknown due to disparity in strength and level) Remarks: Better not get hit by one of those paws. 'Even if I went all out in buffing my stats, I wouldn't be able to escape its clutches even if I wanted to.' Taking in a few more deep breaths as he thought about how he and the boars would go about gaining their attention and killing them, Valyr wondered what his chances of winning were on a one-on-one fight against one of the Shadow Tigers. 'If I only relied on my spearmanship, I'd definitely die.' Of course, it did not take long for him to answer his question, a wry smile gradually creeping up onto his lips. 'Then again, even if I use magic and summoning to fight against the Shadow Tigers, I'd probably still be at the losing end… but at least I'd have a shot at winning.' 'Either way, with the great disparity in stats, the only way to win against them is to catch them off guard.' With that in mind, Valyr proceeded to make a sharp whistle sound with his mouth, prompting the two Arx'has Boars that were trailing behind the young man all this time to start making a ruckus. Running through the area with all of the speed they could muster, the Arx'has Boars let out loud squeals to attract the Shadow Tigers' attention… which unsurprisingly worked. "Grooooaarrr…" Letting out a deep growl at the fact that its territory was being trespassed, the Shadow Tiger Valyr had kept his eye on all this time proceeded to head in the direction of where the Arx'has Boars were making sound. With that, he turned his head to look at what the boars were doing, inwardly nodding in satisfaction once he saw the two boars head their separate ways to attract even more of the Shadow Tigers to where they were. As time passed, more and more of the Shadow Tigers congregated in the general direction of where the two Arx'has Boars were causing a ruckus, all of them taking their time to head there since they felt that the strength of the beings making the sound were at a level that gave them the confidence to return everything to silence with one hit. By the time twenty minutes had passed, the two Arx'has Boars had returned to their original locations, with Valyr perched on a top of a nearby branch as he counted the number of Shadow Tigers that had been attracted by what the two boars were doing. "107… 108… 111…" Feeling like he had moved enough Shadow Tigers into one spot, Valyr stood up and retrieved his spear from his back, inwardly letting out a faint sigh of relief after sensing that his stats weren't decreasing yet. Then, with a loud stomp, he redirected the attention of the Shadow Tigers from the Arx'has Boars to himself as he soon jumped down from the branch. "Hey!" Shouting out loud to make sure the attention of the Shadow Tigers were solely on him, Valyr proceeded to go over his buffing skills in his mind as he began to circulate Shadow Energy through his body. Thud! "Gork!" As Valyr landed on the ground with a loud thud, the two boars spared a glance at him, prompting the young man to nod back at them for a job well done as they began to distance themselves from what was about to happen. "Groooaarrr…" Aside from the fact that the young man had invaded their territory, with how the young man had given their initial targets the opportunity to flee the scene, all of the Shadow Tigers had become incensed, letting out a deep growl as their auras started to flare up. "Heh." In response to the hostility the Shadow Tigers were showing, Valyr flared his aura in retaliation, only for it to grow stronger as he then began to activate some of the buffs he had been saving up for this moment. "[Intermediate Fire Magic Style: Blazing Vigor]." "[Limit Break]." "[Offense Aura+]." Whoosh! Within seconds, the feeling Valyr's aura gave off was in no way inferior to the auras the Shadow Tigers were giving off. However, because of this response, the Shadow Tigers became far more hostile than before, flaring their auras to their utmost limits as they wanted to show Valyr who among them was the stronger side. Though, before any of the Shadow Tigers could even make a move on him… "[Shadow Serpent Style]…" "[Tide of the Dark Night]." Chapter 428: Unbelievable Improvement MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Whoosh! Just as the Shadow Tigers were about to make a move on the being that had stopped them from baring their fangs on their initial target, a wave of dark energy appeared out of nowhere, spanning a height over a few meters tall as it engulfed all of the Shadow Tigers in its vicinity one by one. "Groooaaarrr!!!" Unsurprisingly, those at the forefront of the group were the first ones to be engulfed by the wave of dark energy, leaving nothing behind from these engulfed bodies whatsoever. Naturally, a small portion of those at the middle and the back of the group felt a foreboding feeling that all of them would be engulfed by the wave at some point, thinking that the best course of action at this moment was to turn tail and run. However, before they could even do so, the majority of the Shadow Tigers focused their aggression on the wave of dark energy, forgetting about the being that had taunted them as the wave before them was now the largest threat to their lives. Watching as the wave grew larger and larger with every passing moment, these Shadow Tigers, whose thoughts were to flee from the area, were left with no choice but to move alongside the majority, considering that the latter had not given them any way out. Swoosh! Seeing as the wave continued to grow larger with every passing moment, Valyr returned to the branch he previously perched on top of before proceeding to watch the aftermath of his attack, returning his spear in its original place. Feeling some of the strength siphoned by the spear slowly return to him, a faint smile gradually crept up onto his face, only for it to become wider as he felt a wave of energy enter his body. Activating one of the abilities of [Shadow Eye], his vision was soon blessed by the sight of a great wave of Shadow Energy from the Shadow Tigers making their way to where he was, inundating his body with a great amount of it that eventually made its way to the black mass near his heart, rapidly increasing the amount of Shadow Energy he had at the moment. Ding! [Your Shadow Energy has improved by 1.52 points.] Eventually, the wave of Shadow Energy he had conjured disappeared, leaving nothing but the watery ground that had turned dark under the effects of [Tide of the Dark Night]. Seeing that Shadow Energy still lingered near the periphery of the area he had unleashed his attack in, Valyr jumped down once more from the branch he was perched on top of, prompting all of the remaining Shadow Energy to head towards his body in a frenzy. Ding! [Your Shadow Energy has improved by 0.48 points.] "Only two points left." Taking a swift look at the description of [Shadow Energy Mark], Valyr soon shifted his gaze to the horizon as he felt the two connections on his soul tug on him. However, expecting to be greeted by a pair of large boars that wanted to be praised for their effort… He was instead by a pair of massive boars that wanted to be praised for their effort. "What…" Left at a loss for words, Valyr could only stare at the two boars that were in front of him. Though the connections to his soul told him that the boars before him were the same boars he had summoned earlier, their current appearances were an incredibly stark contrast to how they appeared before. Now, the boars before Valyr spanned a length of over seven meters, with their heights now above one and a half meters. Aside from that, their fur, which was previously ash gray fur, had now taken on a deeper gray tone, while the brown glow it gave off under the dim light of the Shadow Plane had now become a shade of black. Continuing to stare at the two boars, the young man wondered to himself what had occurred during their bout against the Shadow Tigers for the two Arx'has Boars to grow so much, already taking into consideration the fact that he knew they would grow after the fight. Thankfully, it only took Valyr a single request to the system to show his notification screen to find out his answer. Ding! [With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.] [You have slain a Level 50 Shadow Tiger (Legendary Elite). You have gained 431,703 XP.] [Due to the effects of 'Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts', 50% of the XP gained has been allocated evenly to your currently summoned Orcbeasts.] "Over 400,000 XP from a single monster…" With his eyes wide open, Valyr's mouth turned agape as he thought about the number of Shadow Tigers he had just killed. "Then, with half of it going towards the boars…" "[Greater Analysis]." Taking in a few deep breaths to compose himself, Valyr shifted his gaze to one of the boars before proceeding to use his identification skill on it. Ding! Hearing the notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr prepared himself for what he might see on the screen that would appear before him. Unfortunately, even preparing for it was far from enough to stop Valyr from feeling the urge to faint then and there. [Arx'has Boar (Elite)] (Level 35) Class: Arx'has Boar HP: 3,204/3,204 MP: 1,674/1,674 Stats: 178 VIT, 141 STR, 153 AGI, 255 DEX, 93 INT, 44 WIS, 78 PER, 30 LUK Skills: [Ferocious Charge], [Intermediate Physical Damage Resistance], [Intermediate Physical Damage Nullification], [Lesser Regeneration], [Inferior Stamina Regeneration] Remarks: Incredibly powerful in their rank. Could fight against those of a rank above them, albeit with difficulty. Still lacking in the mental department. "Level 35…" Sucking in a breath of cold air at the level the Arx'has Boars had achieved from a single bout, it took a while for the increase in level to sink into Valyr's mind, looking at the boars every once in a while in shock before eventually calming down. However, just as he had calmed himself down from the shock he had just received, a thought swiftly surfaced in his mind, which quickly gnawed at his curiosity due to the fact that it had been quite some time since he last checked it. 'Since the boars were able to level up to Level 35 from just one bout with the Shadow Tigers…' 'How much XP do I have at the moment?' As this question continued to echo and linger in his mind, Valyr commanded the system to show him the amount of unused XP he had with a hint of anxiety. Ding! Hearing the ever familiar notification sound resound in his mind once more as a screen appeared before him, the young man took in a deep breath to calm down his nerves… only for his legs to feel weak as he soon fell to the ground on his back, gazing at the sky with a blank stare. [Unused XP: 188,299,734] Chapter 429: Time To Refine MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "How theHeckdid I accumulate this much XP…?" Staring at the
