did not take long for him to eventually conclude that Julian recommending Braum made quite a lot of sense. After all, Braum was the leader of the Imperial Production Guild's 3rd Reconnaissance Team. That alone was more than enough proof that he and the members of his group were great at information gathering, if the word 'Reconnaissance' wasn't already enough of a clue. "So… do you know of him… or not?" Slightly surprised that the young man before him let out a sigh all of a sudden, Julian gave the young man a bit of time to think about it. Feeling like he had given him enough, it was only then did he ask once more. "I know of him… I know of him very well." Valyr wryly smiled as he looked at Julian. "How could I not if his group was the sole reason I was able to arrive at Algerie Kingdom in the first place?" "Really?" Listening to Valyr's words, Julian's eyes widened in slight surprise. After that, he let out a brief chuckle. "I guess I don't have to explain a lot regarding him, then," said the man, to which Valyr nodded in agreement. "Then again, how much do you know about him?" Just as Julian was about to end the topic then and there, the man decided to make sure, asking Valyr a question. "He's the leader of the Imperial Production Guild's 3rd Reconnaissance Team," replied Valyr. "He's also at the peak of Rank 4,? specifically an Epic due to him comprehending an Intent." "Huh. There really isn't much for me to explain." Julian let out a bit of laughter as some of the information Valyr had given him was something even he had not gotten his hands on. "Though, did you know that he became the leader of the guild's 3rd Reconnaissance Team solely due to his information gathering abilities alone?" "Not at all." Valyr shook his head, recalling the man's confrontation against the mayor of Clossbay City back then. To him, he wouldn't have been surprised if he had gotten that position thanks to his strength. "How about those on the 1st and 2nd Reconnaissance Team?" Thinking about how Braum was the leader of the Imperial Production Guild's 3rd Reconnaissance Team, Valyr asked Julian a question that seemed to be in topic. "Aren't they great at information gathering as well?" "They are." Julian nodded in agreement. "However, unlike Braum, the services of the 1st and 2nd Reconnaissance Teams aren't really available to us, even to people with high authority like me." "For the lack of a better term, those two reconnaissance teams have dedicated their entire lives to aiding the Imperial Production Guild," he continued. "Even if the Imperial Production Guild is destroyed tomorrow, they'll make sure that they're going to die along with it." "Yikes," Valyr could not help but blurt out. In response, Julian flashed a wry smile at the young man. "In any case, if you don't have Braum on your friend list, I could help you contact him." Deciding to shift the topic somewhere else, Julian made a suggestion all of a sudden. "After that, I'll tell you the specific locations of the three organizations I mentioned, as well as their ways on contacting them." "I have him on my friend list," said Valyr as he responded to Julian's first statement. "I'll just ask him about it once I return home." "Alright then." Nodding, Julian went ahead and shared with Valyr all the information the latter needed to know about the three organizations, may it be their services, their prices, or the limits they have on what information they could retrieve. … . "I'll probably come back here tomorrow." Once Julian had made sure that the young man had committed everything he needed to know to memory, it was only then did he allow the young man to leave, bidding each other farewell. "To forge some equipment in preparation for the inheritance, right?" Hearing Valyr's words, Julian nodded in understanding. "Don't worry. I'll make sure to keep the best private workshop available for you." "If you could also buy the Wyvern Core for me, I'd highly appreciate it." Thanking Julian for his goodwill, a thought surfaced in his mind all of a sudden, prompting him to talk about it. "Sure, I don't mind." Julian laughed as he nodded. "I'll have to take around 20 platinum cards from you to make sure you get it tomorrow, though." "Speaking of which, do you want me to give you the remaining profit from the spear right now? Or do you want me to keep it safe for the meantime?" Mentioning money in his question, Julian decided to ask the young man another question while the latter had yet to leave. "Hmm… I don't really have much need for the remaining profit for the meantime." Scratching the back of his head as he pondered, Valyr responded to the question. "After all, three platinum cards is plenty enough money for me to feed myself till death." "That's only applicable if you forgo delicacies," said the man, laughing. "Alright, go leave. I'll see you tomorrow. I still have to prepare my final surprise for you since you won that leader title." "You've got to be kidding me…" Muttering these words to himself, Valyr shook his head while chuckling, finally leaving the Blacksmith Guild to make his way back to the inn. "I wonder if Wells decided to look for a couple possible subclasses to take while I was away." Roaming through the streets of Algerie Kingdom at a relaxed pace, Valyr thought to himself that it had been a while since he had taken his time while getting back to the inn. Though, just as he thought that his day would be uneventful till sunset… "Uh… excuse me, sir…" "Do you perhaps have any food to spare?" Chapter 552: The Young Beggar For a while, Valyr was left at a loss for words at the sudden question. After all, he was more or less daydreaming while he was making his way back to the inn. However, the sudden question had brought him back to reality, prompting him to take a look at his current surroundings to get a better idea of what was going on. Currently, a kid in his early teens stood before him, looking at him with a hopeful expression. Thinking about the words spoken to him earlier, it did not take long for Valyr to figure out that the kid was begging him for food. Realizing this, Valyr briefly had an urge to ignore the kid and continue making his way back to the inn. After all, he would only incur the disappointment of a few people in their surroundings, something they would undoubtedly forget the following day. Though, as he looked at his surroundings more, he noticed that a great portion of the people in the area were looking at him and the young man. At first, he wondered why everyone was looking at them, only to then notice that they weren't exactly looking at him. They were looking at the kid. 'Judging from their faintly disgusted expressions, the kid must have asked others for food as well.' Continuing to look at the people in the area in silence, the gears in Valyr's mind turned. 'And seeing how I'm currently wearing the full Nascent Wyvern Armor, the kid decided to leave me for last, thinking that I'm some sort of young master who'd immediately say no to this kind of request.' "Hmm." Feeling like he had gotten a good grasp of the current situation, Valyr let out a faint sound, which caused the kid before him to flinch. However, rather than expect to be ignored or declined by the young man before him, the kid instead received something else. "I don't really have any food with me at the moment, but if you want, we could grab some food from a nearby restaurant." Saying these words to the kid, Valyr was not surprised that most of the people staying to look at what would happen had shocked reactions on their faces. Of course, he also wasn't surprised to see some people briefly having looks of pity on their faces, knowing what was going on in their minds. 'Well, whether this may be a scam or not, it still doesn't feel right to ignore a kid like him…' Ignoring what other people in the vicinity were thinking, the young man eventually continued walking, beckoning the kid to follow him. 'Especially with how he reminds me of a certain person.' … "Are you sure it's fine for me to eat all of this?" Staring at the multiple platters of food spread out around him, the kid could not stop himself from drooling. However, knowing where all this food came from, he restrained himself, looking at the young man on the opposite side. "Feel free to dig in." Taking delight at the kid's reaction, Valyr gestured for him to eat to his heart's content. . With that, it was only then did the kid finally not holding back, proceeding to go through the various foods available in front of him in order. 'I wonder how long it's been since he hasn't eaten.' Watching the kid eat with a satisfied smile on his face, Valyr recounted the things the two of them had done before arriving at the restaurant. Considering that he was basically bringing a beggar along to eat with him, the young man decided to bring the kid to a bathhouse first, tipping the attendants there extra to make sure that the kid was squeaky clean. Though, after waiting for a while for the kid to be fully cleaned, the young man eventually changed his mind and decided to get clean himself as well. It was there that he had discovered something gruesome about the kid. While the kid looked to be 12 to 13 years of age, as the two of them relaxed themselves in one of the bathhouse's many pools, Valyr saw the numerous scars scattered all over the kid's body, some of which overlapped over others. From what he could see, the only parts of the kid's body that weren't wounded were his head, his forearms, his hands, and his feet. Other than that, his body was riddled with scars that even he did not wish for a full-grown man to have. After getting out of the bathhouse, the two of them then went to a clothing store, allowing the kid to select the clothing he wanted to wear. Unsurprisingly, the kid was hesitant at first, feeling like he would have to do something in exchange for it. However, Valyr reassured the kid multiple times that he wouldn't have to do anything for it, which eventually gave the kid courage to buy a few articles of simple clothing. It was only after going through those places did he and the kid arrive at a restaurant, choosing one that was slightly more lavish than normal. "So, mind telling me more about who you are and how you got here?" Deciding to finally pick up a few pieces of food for himself, Valyr set up a thin barrier of mana around them as he asked the kid a question. "Of course, if you're uncomfortable talking about it, pretend as if I've never asked." Seeing as the kid stopped eating just as he had finished asking his question, the young man decided to add on a few words at the end. "It's not uncomfortable…" The kid shook his head in response, neatly placing his utensils down. "But I have a question." "Go ahead." Valyr nodded in response. "Why… are you so nice to… a beggar like me?" the kid asked, prompting Valyr to faintly smile. "Do I really need to have a reason to help other people out?" asked Valyr back, letting out a chuckle soon after. "Well, if you really want me to give you a reason… it's the fact that someone as young as you is out begging in the streets." "That…" At those words, the kid wryly smiled as he went silent for a bit. Seeing this, Valyr wondered if he should postpone the conversation to another time. However, once the kid opened his mouth, that thought swiftly dissipated into thin air. "My name…" the kid said all of a sudden. "…is Edward Jerome… of the Nicholas clan." 'Ah,' Valyr thought to himself, his mind seemingly on the verge of collapse after hearing the young man's name. After all, he only knew one being in his past life to have such a name. 'I'm talking to the future Grand Marshal of the Zeihardt Sovereignty.' Chapter 553: The Future Hotshot "Sir?" Seeing that the young man in front of him had not responded to anything after he had mentioned his name, the kid stopped what he was about to do for the meantime, deciding to check on the young man out of slight worry and concern. After all, the young man before him had shown him more grace than any of the other people that had helped him so far. Unfortunately, with his mind feeling as if it were on the verge of collapse, Valyr's attention was fully focused on the treasure trove of knowledge within his mind. It went without saying that the young man was in the process of rummaging every single memory he had regarding the Grand Marshal of the Zeihardt Sovereignty at that very moment. To many players during the first version, as well as to a great portion of Veldanyr's human race, the Grand Marshal was basically the human race's greatest mind, as well as its greatest fist. Being at the peak of Rank 6, he became the leader of almost every skirmish the human race had fought during the War of the Three Sovereignties, only intervening whenever the battle had turned into one that involved Rank 6 beings. Then again, behind the grandeur of the strongest and smartest being to ever lead the human race during the war, the Grand Marshal had a past that many would find unsavory. Bringing up everything he knew about the Grand Marshal's past in mind, Valyr decided to find out for himself if the young kid before him was truly the person he knew from his past life. "Apologies. I was reminded about something." Speaking all of a sudden, the young man apologetically smiled to the kid, who was surprised by his abrupt change in demeanor. "Anyways, you mentioned that you were from the Nicholas clan?" "Yes… that would be correct…" Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief, the kid returned to his seat as he nodded in response. "However, I'm not truly a part of the Nicholas clan." "What do you mean by that?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity while asking the question, Valyr focused on a certain thought he had brought up earlier, wondering if the kid before him would respond with something similar. "I'm… uh…" Waiting for the kid to answer, the young man watched as the boy squirmed a bit, twiddling his thumbs as he seemed to hesitate. Thankfully, after hesitating for a couple of minutes, the kid finally made up his mind. "I'm… a slave of the Nicholas clan." With an incredibly glum expression, the kid said these words as he closed his eyes. In his mind, he thought that the opinion of the young man before him would change from these words. In his mind, he expected the young man to now consider him as the lowest of the low. Yet, unexpectedly for him, nothing of the sort happened. "So… does that mean you don't have a surname?" With Valyr being more used to treating everyone he met as an equal, the thought of the kid before him being a slave only briefly flashed in mind. If anything, all he thought about it was the fact that the kid's words lined up with the thought he brought up. "Eh?" Of course, Valyr's obliviousness towards the kid's status surprised the latter. "You're not angry?" "Why would I get angry?" Valyr looked at the kid with a slightly raised eyebrow. "You haven't really done anything wrong, though?" "Eh?" At this point, the kid did not know how to react. "But… I was told…" "I have no clue as to what your master might have told you." Hearing the kid's words, the young man let out a sigh. "But I really have no reason to get mad at you… unless if you don't finish the food I ordered for you." "Ah…" Though he was still confused as he was expecting to be brought back to the Nicholas clan one way or another, the kid still followed the young man's order, albeit reluctantly. "Did your master tell you that any person you might across would bring you back to the clan no matter what or something?" Finding the kid's reaction somewhat odd, Valyr decided to inquire about it after some time. "Yes…" Taking a few small bites of the food, the kid slightly shuddered at the question before eventually nodding. "Master said that as long as anyone found out I was a slave, I'd be returned to the Nicholas clan…" "Are you going to bring me back, sir?" As the kid asked this question, tears began to well up around his eyes. From the looks of it, he was already thinking about the worst-case scenario. "Why would I?" However, Valyr had no plans of doing such thing, especially now that he had become somewhat certain that he was talking to a future hotshot. "I do not owe the Nicholas clan a favor, nor do I know anyone from the Nicholas clan at all." "Moving the topic aside for now, let's return to the question I asked you earlier," continued the young man. "Do you have a surname?" "Master said that as long as I was under the Nicholas clan, I wasn't allowed to use my surname…" muttered the kid, giving Valyr the answer he wanted in a roundabout way. "In other words, you do have a surname." Feeling like the kid in front of him would mention his master at every answer, Valyr decided to move onto the next question. "Between Edward and Jerome, what would you like me to call you?" "Master usually calls me Jerome…" Looking down at the floor, the kid twiddled his thumbs. "But… it would be… it would be nice if I was called Edward…" "Edward, huh." At those words, Valyr gave the kid a faint grin. "Alright, I'll call you Edward, then." "How… how about you, sir?" Taking delight at being called by his first name, Edward gained the courage to ask back. "What should I call you…?" "You can call me Valyr," the young man replied, thinking that it would be better for him to use his true identity. "Valyr…" muttered Edward to himself a couple of times, as if committing the name to memory. Though, after a while, a thought popped up in the kid's mind. "Valyr… are you perhaps the one Master usually mentioned?" asked Edward not long after. "Valyr… Valyr Zeihardt… was it?" "Perhaps." Not wanting to give the kid a definite answer, Valyr let out a chuckle, infusing more mana into the barrier around them for safe measure. "Anyways, Edward. If you don't mind me asking, could you perhaps tell me how you ended up at the streets of Algerie?" "Well…" Though he was still wary earlier, Edward's anxiousness in being brought back to the Nicholas clan slightly disappeared when he found out that the young man who aided him was possibly a member of the Zeihardt clan. After all, as far as he knew, the Zeihardt clan was a stronger clan that the Nicholas clan. With that in mind, he began to narrate to Valyr his life within the Nicholas clan, making sure not to miss even a single detail. While the way the kid explained it was somewhat slow, the young man allowed the kid to take his time, even going so far as to order a few more dishes while he was in the middle of his narration. In fact, by the time Edward was done with his narration, there was only an hour or so before sunset. Whether it was because the young man felt like they had already stayed at the restaurant for too long, or the fact that he and Edward had already more than eaten their fill, the two of them left the restaurant after Valyr paid their bill. "Well, that was a nice meal, don't you think?" Walking through the streets of Algerie beside Edward for a while to digest what they had eaten, Valyr eventually asked this question to the kid. "It was…" Though he nodded in agreement to the question, a glum expression appeared on Edward's face in response. "Are we… are we parting ways here?" "Normally, that would be the case." Hearing these words from Valyr, Edward instantly thought that he would have to return to begging on the streets to live, prompting him to wonder whether what had happened earlier was a dream. . However… "But considering your current situation, I can't really just leave you alone now, could I?" As Valyr said these words with a chuckle, tears started to well up around Edward's eyes once more. Then, before the young man could comment on the kid's tears, the latter gave the former a tight hug. "…haah." Slightly surprised by the kid's actions, Valyr eventually had an idea of what was going on, smiling as he faintly caressed the kid's head. Allowing the kid to hug him for as long as he wanted, Edward eventually let go after a few minutes, dried up tears staining his face. "Let's head back, shall we?" Asking this question to the young kid, Valyr could only smile wider as Edward tightly gripped onto his hand in response. With that, the two of them eventually made their way back to the inn, just as the sun was about to set. Chapter 554: Asking For Help "I guess you treated
