for an attendant. Infusing a bit of mana into it, an attendant arrived at the entrance of his workshop a few minutes later, asking him what he needed their services for. In response, Valyr listed down a great number of materials that made even the attendant's eyes widen in surprise. Thankfully, the attendant did not ask him what he planned to do with the materials, instead giving the young man a price after a bit of silence. After clarifying the final price of all the materials he requested for, considering his rank within the guild, Valyr was left on his own once more after the attendant assured him that all of the items he had requested would arrive within an hour or so. "I guess I should do the next agenda on my list, seeing that I have all this time to kill." Returning to the center of the workshop, Valyr gazed at the box he had received for a bit before opening up his chat function. Once open, he then selected a certain person he wanted to talk to, sending them a message. "Hey, Braum. Are you free at the moment?" "Been a long time since we talked." Waiting for a couple minutes, Valyr eventually received a message from the person he contacted, looking at the response with a faint smile. "Anyways, I'm not really doing anything at the moment. What's up?" "I've heard from a certain person that you specialize in information gathering." Pondering over how he would phrase his message multiple times to make it not seem suspicious, the young man eventually responded. "Could you retrieve some information for me?" "…you know, your message sounds like you're asking for some illegal information." Unfortunately, no matter what he did, his message still looked suspicious… Which Braum didn't mind. "But that's just how you type sometimes, so eh." Reading this message from Braum, Valyr could not help but wryly smile. "Do note that I charge a fee for retrieving information. After all, I'm taking a few risks here and there." "But of course." Valyr nodded as he sent his response back. "So, what kind of information do you need?" Seeing this message pop up on the screen, the young man thought about how he would phrase his response once more. Though, at some point, he gave up on the thought, considering that however he phrased it would be understood by its recipient anyway. "I need you to get me information on the entire Zeihardt clan." "The hierarchy, the members, the news surrounding about them…" "Everything." Chapter 557: Time And Effort "Everything, huh?" For a while, Braum did not give the young man a response back. After all, the man had to think about what Valyr meant by the word' everything'. "It'll be a while before I could get every piece of important information you might want on the Zeihardt clan. Is that fine with you?" Though, eventually, the man had sent a message back to the young man, to which the latter responded that it was expected of him to wait. With how large the Zeihardt clan was, from what Julian had mentioned to him, Valyr was not surprised to obtain such an answer from him. "Then again, I do have general information on the Zeihardt clan on hand." However, just as the young man thought that the two of them would now discuss the pricing of the information, Braum instead sent him quite the surprising message. "If you want, I could give that to you first while you wait for everything else." "How much would it cost?" asked Valyr in a message, which Braum responded to near instantly. For some reason, while reading the latter's message, the young man could hear the man letting out a bit of laughter. "Consider it as a favor," replied Braum. "After all, you promised to forge me an armor set, right?" 'And here I thought he'd forget.' Reading through the man's message, a wry smile adorned Valyr's face. Mulling over it for a bit in silence, he eventually let out a low sigh, thinking that it was not a bad trade-off. After all, even general information on the Zeihardt clan would help him out a lot, right? "How much would it cost for the information I'm requesting, then?" Drafting up plans in his mind on what kind of armor set he was going to forge, the young man eventually shifted their topic to payment. "Taking into consideration the amount of time and effort it'll take me to gather your information…" Seeing these words pop up on the screen before him, Valyr prayed to the heavens that the cost was reasonable. Thankfully, it was. "Would three platinum cards be fine with you?" Reading this question from Braum as it popped up on his chat screen, the young man let out a long sigh of relief, thankful that he wasn't forced to forge another set of equipment to sell. With that, Valyr responded that the price was fine with him, prompting the two of them to discuss about the incredibly specific information he wanted Braum to obtain about the Zeihardt clan. "How long would it take you to get all of this information?" After the two of them had made a compromise, the young man shifted the topic once more, this time discussing the amount time it would take for Braum to complete it. Though he was fine with obtaining the information after the inheritance, Valyr wanted to at least clear up his list of tasks a bit before he had to enter the inheritance. After all, such thoughts would continue to linger in his mind in the inheritance as long as they were incomplete. . "Frankly, it'll take a few months at the very least to obtain all of the information you want." At these words, a wry smile adorned Valyr's face once more. "Aside from the fact that some of them are not so easily obtainable, I'm also the leader of the Imperial Production Guild's 3rd Reconnaissance Team. As a leader, I also have a lot of duties to fulfill." "However, I could obtain a couple of the more important information and send it to you before you enter the Four Pillars' Inheritance." Though, once he had come across this message, the young man's expression underwent a 180 degree turn, turning into that of surprise and delight. "That'd definitely be great." Sending a message back filled with his sincere gratitude, the two of them talked about other aspects of the deal for a bit more, such as where they would meet up and where the payment would be sent. After that was done, the two of them finally ended their conversation, with Braum reminding the young man about the armor set one last time. "Welp. I guess that's one more task to add to the list." Letting out a faint sigh as he closed the screen before him, the young man brought up the plans he had been drafting earlier to the surface of his mind, thinking about which one Braum would prefer among them. 'Thankfully, he gave me a few hints.' Then again, it did not take long for him to find the armor set idea that would suit the man, tweaking a few things with it here and there to make it a better fit. "Now that I think about it, I should really check out the guild's blueprint archives." Utilizing his blueprint creation skill to make the armor set a reality, a thought popped up into the young man's mind. "Hmm… I'll ask Julian if I could take a look once I start experimenting." Making sure that there were no issues regarding the armor set, he then thought about the idea he had earlier while making his way to the Blacksmith Guild. "Guess I'll forge Wells' spear at the same time, then," said the young man to himself, recalling the spear his friend wielded. Though it wasn't a bad spear by any means, the young man felt a bit guilty at the fact that his friend remained stuck with it, even though he had the capabilities to forge better ones. Deciding to go with the blueprint he used for the spear that was sold in the auction for Wells' spear, the young man called for another attendant, telling them all of the things he would need to forge Braum's armor set and his friend's new spear. Fortunately, unlike the materials he had requested for his armor, the materials to forge their equipment had arrived within a few minutes. With that, the drive to forge was ignited within Valyr in an instant, firing up the furnace as he decided to forge the spear first. "Hmm…" Just as he chucked in the metal he would use for the spear tip into the furnace, a question popped up into the young man's mind. "Should I forge a weapon for Edward as well?" Chapter 558: Yet Another Forging Session Pondering over the question for a bit more, the young man decided to bring up his past memories about the kid to obtain his answer. As the Grand Marshal of the Zeihardt Sovereignty in his previous life, it went without saying that Edward had obtained that position due to his superb talent in combat. Whether it was the blade, the fist, the arcane arts, it seemed like the man knew how to wield all of them to a great degree, making him an inspiration for many people. However, to make such a talent bloom in the first place, the amount of time and effort he had put into it was not to be underestimated either. Rummaging through a few more of the memories he had about the past Edward, the young man eventually arrived at the one he wanted, which pertained to the first weapon Edward had picked up. "Listen up, Edward. As long as you put in everything into learning the sword, the sword shall never betray you." Hearing voices being spoken as if he were in that situation, Valyr watched an instructor teach the young Edward from his past life the art of the sword, going in-depth through the weapon's basic movements. Then, moving onto another memory, he watched the young Edward spar with his instructor after his foundation in the sword had been solidified, allowing him to defend against his instructor's attacks with relative ease. Moving onto yet another memory, the young Edward seemed to have understood a concept regarding the sword, causing his sword to become unrivaled as his journey to becoming a Grand Marshal began. "The sword, huh." Returning his mind back to reality, the young man had a satisfied smile on his face, thinking about how Edward was now part of their small group. With his plans to create an organization in the future that both NPCs and players would flock towards, such a powerful being in that organization would definitely make it easier. . But of course, he had no plans of making the kid work to the bone or do something along those lines to achieve such goals. If anything, he considered meeting the kid a fortuitous encounter. To him, he was just something that would speed up his plans in the future, a bonus of sorts. After all, his plan from the start was to do everything on his own. Then again, with the people he had met in his journey so far… Such a thought was beginning to change. "I should probably leave the idea be for the meantime." Pondering over it for a bit more, the young man recalled the conversation he and Wells had before he left. "I'll start working on it once Edward and Wells return from the Experience Pit." "Of course, I wouldn't be surprised if he still picks up the sword this time around." Letting out a chuckle, the young man took a look at the material he had put into the furnace. Seeing that it had reached its optimal temperature, Valyr went ahead and took it out, placing it gently onto the anvil. "[Breath of Calm]." Retrieving the Hammer of Beginnings from his spatial bracelet, the young man willed the energy within the hammer to charge, making it give off the feeling of tranquility. "Alright, time to begin." Then, raising the hammer up above his head, he swung it down onto the hot metal with great force, beginning the forging process of Wells' spear. … For a couple of hours, the young man had focused almost all of his attention onto refining the spear tip's shape, ignoring the monotonous sound that resounded throughout the room as he frequently switched between the furnace and the anvil. With how much time he had taken in refining its shape, what was initially a piece of metal in the shape of a spear tip now looked like a spear tip that even veteran blacksmiths would look at with awe. Though, just as he had become satisfied with the tip's general shape… "[True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight]." "[Hunter's Tracking Eyes]." Whoosh! Without hesitation, the young man activated two skills at once, both of which allowed him to peer into his craft's imperfections at a deeper level. Then, seeing that there were a few areas that did not look right under his new vision, he put in more effort into making sure everything seemed perfect, putting in a few more hours of work into it. "Alright…" By the time the sun had already gone past its zenith, only then did the young man deactivate both skills, wiping off the sweat from his forehead as he raised up the spear tip with a pair of tongs. Allowing the sunlight to bounce off the spear tip's surface, Valyr briefly felt like he was watching a light display with how smooth the surface of the spear tip was. "Time to make the shaft…" Satisfied with how the most important part of the spear had turned it, the young man placed it to the side for the meantime, focusing his attention on the other part that made the spear what it was. "After a quick break." However, at that moment, the young man felt the pangs of hunger, prompting him to finally realize the amount of time that had passed since he began. Bitterly smiling in response to the feeling, the young man headed out of the Blacksmith Guild for a bit to grab a hearty meal, giving his body and mind the time it needed to recover. "It seems my body wants to eat a bit more." Returning to the workshop he was working at, the young man let out a low sigh, only to let out a chuckle as he heard his stomach make a faint rumble. Knowing very well that stuffing himself with food would hamper him in the forging process, he inwardly apologized to his body for the meantime as he returned to completing Wells' spear. … Unlike the spear tip, Valyr did not take long to make the spear shaft, finishing it within 45 minutes or so. With its purpose mostly being to act as a grip for the wielder, the young man made sure that the material he used for the shaft was firm and robust, while at the same time being slightly flexible. After that, he put the material into a few treatment processes to improve its strength, carving it into a shaft only after he was done with all of them. "Time to put the two together." After he had finished making the shaft, the young man placed the spear tip onto one of the ends, tapping it in place with a rubber mallet. Then, to make sure that the tip wouldn't fly away, he then wrapped the part connecting the two with string coated in strong adhesive. "And… done." Ding! Chapter 559: Pushing One’s Self [You have successfully forged the item: Refined Halberd of Great Beginnings. The quality of the item has been rated at Exceptional.] As a notification sound echoed throughout his mind, the young man went ahead and threw the spear he had just forged into the air and nodded in satisfaction. Moving a bit away from the anvil, he then did a few basic movements with it, also feeling great satisfaction with it in that regard. "The weight of the spear is just right," said the young man to himself with a nod. "The balance of the spear is great as well." "Definitely a massive upgrade compared to the metal spear he's been using." At these words, the young man activated [Greater Analysis] without hesitation, nodding every once in a while as he read through its description. "[True Prodigious Equipment Attribute Awakening]." Then, once he was done reading through it, Valyr closed the screen in front of him before infusing the spear with his mana to awaken its attributes. Thanks to his other forging skills being upgraded to their very limits, it did not take long for the young man to obtain the result he wanted, which was an awakening of all three attributes at their highest scaling. After all, since he wanted his friend to get the best weapon he could possibly craft at the moment, he was going to make sure he went all out in every aspect. "Now, let's take a look at it in its full glory." Once he had enhanced the spear to the current level Wells was at, the young man activated [Greater Analysis] once again, smiling with glee as he looked at the fruits of his labor. Ding! bdel.o [(+10) Refined Halberd of Great Beginnings] (Lv. 25) Rarity: Epic+ Attack: 802 - 1,337 Forge Quality: Exceptional Additional Attributes: > STR + 54 > AGI + 66 > DEX + 105 Though it might look like a simple spear based on its exterior, the materials used in the creation of this spear have been awakened by an incredibly prodigious blacksmith to the fullest, squeezing out every ounce of latent potential that slumbered within it. With the blacksmith putting all of his focus and care into the creation of this spear, imbuing the properties of the artifact 'Hammer of Beginnings' into it, this spear achieves a level of strength that only a few could match, most of which are weapons that originate from the oldest of legends. <Innate Skill 1: Azure Cross - Allows the user to attack in a horizontal arc, dealing damage equivalent to 250% of the user's Attack stat. Has an incredibly small chance to deal triple damage. Cooldown: 2 minutes. Cost: 3,000 MP.> <Innate Skill 2: Ignited Vigor - Increases the user's Attack stat by 8%> Remarks: The entire world would go on a massacre just to get their hands on such a weapon. "I'm certain Wells will be ecstatic to get his hands on it once he sees this." Letting out a slight chuckle as he briefly thought about what-ifs, Valyr went ahead and wrapped the finished spear in a thick fabric. Then, once he was sure that the fabric wouldn't unfurl at any moment, he placed the spear to the side for the meantime, focusing his thoughts on the next piece of equipment he was going to forge. "Braum's armor set..." Just as he muttered these words to himself, an attendant inadvertently interrupted his train of thought, informing him that the materials he had ordered beforehand had finally arrived. Though he let out a faint sigh in response to the interruption, the young man received the materials nevertheless. After all, these materials were practically the most important materials he had obtained from the guild out of the bunch. 'As well as the most expensive.' Moving all of the materials he had received for the meantime, the young man headed back to the anvil as he returned to his initial train of thought. "I guess it would make sense for me to use [Breath of Earth] on this one." Even though he already a general idea of how he was going to forge the armor set, there were still a couple of things Valyr could modify about it. With such a thought in mind, he decided to focus on improving the armor set's defense while still making it lightweight, relying on the element of Earth to achieve such a feat. "[Breath of Earth]." As the energy being emanated by his hammer changed to feel like one was looking at a massive mountain, the young man started the forging process for Braum's armor by chucking in the materials he needed to hammer into the furnace. "I'll start with the pauldrons and the vambraces first." Planning out how he was going to go through the entire armor set, the young man allowed the thoughts in his mind to linger as he waited for the items in the furnace to reach their optimal temperature. "After that would be the greaves and the chestplate." Valyr nodded to himself, the expression on his face exuding great determination. "And then, I'll save the helmet and the boots for last." "I wonder how long it'll take me to finish all of these pieces?" Asking this question to himself, the young man let out a bit of laughter as he thought about the buffs he had gained that were related to reducing forging time. "I guess half a day, tops," said the young man, confident that he would be able to pull such a feat off. However, as if the world wanted to play a prank on him... It took him more than double that time. ... "Hello?" Making his way deeper into the Blacksmith Guild, Braum scratched the back of his head as he wondered where Valyr was. After all, he and the young man agreed that the two of them would meet up at the guild's entrance early in the morning... Yet the latter was nowhere to be found. "Valyr? Are you there?" Feeling a bit of concern for Valyr, the man inwardly let out a sigh of relief once he noticed a familiar face taking a rest in one of the guild's private workshops. However, as he took a closer look, his expression turned into worry, dashing towards the young man he
