time to form your Shadow Eye," said the old man not long after. "I could only recall a couple of people having formed their Shadow Eye within a day. And that day is in real world time, not Shadow Plane time." "On the other hand, you only took like… what? Six hours within the Shadow Plane to form it? Factoring in the time ratio between the two, you've only taken less than an hour in the real world." "You're definitely a monstrous talent, Valyr." Saying these words, Noel's grin became wider. "And man am I glad I could pass on this subclass of mine to such a talent." Chapter 413: Upside Down In More Ways Than One MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Listening to Noel's words of praise for him, Valyr let out an awkward chuckle in response as he became a bit fidgety. Nevertheless, he felt his heart warm up from the words as he knew that the old man's words were genuine, and not said solely due to his identity as a Herald. 'Did I really only take that much time to form [Shadow Eye]?' Smiling at Noel before proceeding to return his gaze back to their surroundings, Valyr recalled the words Noel had said to him about the amount of time he had taken to form the skill necessary for him to travel the world of the Shadow Plane. 'He said I only took less than an hour to form it… that's like five to six hours perhaps?' As the thought came to his mind, Valyr thought about how he pushed the entrance to the connection open again and again through the use of his mental power, feeling that the amount of time he had taken in that place definitely did not feel like a few hours. 'If anything, I felt I took at least half a day or a day to open that entrance.' 'But then again, he's already been to this place many times, so…' Inwardly shrugging his shoulders as he eventually considered the thought as useless, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to bring up the description of [Shadow Eye], wanting to see what was so unique about it that it was a necessary skill in the Shadow Plane. Ding! [Shadow Eye] (Lv. MAX) Rarity: ??? Tier: 1 To all visitors of the Shadow Plane, their sense of sight and hearing are robbed from them, with the only way of getting it back is to utilize their connection with Shadow Energy and to convene with the Shadow Plane to grant said senses back to them. To those who have no connection with Shadow Energy, their attempts in contacting with the Shadow Plane are simply useless, lest they have an affinity with Shadow Energy itself. However, for those who have Shadow Energy, and have successfully made contact with the Shadow Plane, they are granted a proof of identity, a proof that they have what it takes to survive within the Shadow Plane. The Shadow Eye. There are five tiers that one's Shadow Eye would fall upon, all of which is reliant on the quality of energy the user has control over, which has its roots in the Shadow Plane. This skill allows the user to regain one's sense of sight and hearing within the Shadow Plane, as well as passively boosts the user's PER stat by 10%. This skill also allows the user to see their connection with Shadow Energy, as well as see the ambient Shadow Energy within their surroundings. 'I see.' Closing the screen he had brought up in front of him, Valyr went ahead and tried making use of the skill's ability to view his connection with Shadow Energy, swiftly noticing a thin dark ray of energy extending from the tip of his forehead towards the seemingly infinite skies of the Shadow Plane within seconds. After that, he shifted the skill's focus to seeing the Shadow Energy within their surroundings, prompting his vision of the landscape to become a tad darker than it was previously. Satisfied with his small test of [Shadow Eye]'s abilities, he then briefly thought about the five tiers the skill had mentioned. 'Since the skill said that there are five tiers to [Shadow Eye] that correspond to one's quality of energy, it would be safe to assume that Noel's [Shadow Eye] is at Tier 3? I wonder what kind of abilities he has access to with a [Shadow Eye] like that?' Lightly scratching the back of his head as his curiosity towards the matter gradually increased, Valyr decided to ask the old man about it some other time. After all, they only had about 15 more hours before he and Noel would have to leave the Shadow Plane. "So, I formed the [Shadow Eye]. What's next, Elder Noel?" Feeling that he had already wasted enough time looking at the landscape before them, Valyr took the initiative to ask the man beside him the question that would get them going. "We would need to improve your Shadow Energy to the point it gets recognized by the system as a stat." Letting out a faint sigh, Noel stood up as he responded to the young man's question. "To do that, we would have to slay a few creatures of the Shadow Plane." "Hmm?" Tilting his head in slight confusion as he also stood up, Valyr soon asked the old man another question. "But didn't you say back then I could only improve my Shadow Energy by killing a Shadow Serpent?" "That's only in the context of improving it for your subclass," said Noel in response as he looked around their surroundings for a bit. "Compared to the Shadow Energy of other creatures, the Shadow Energy of a Shadow Serpent is incredibly ferocious, which is why using it in conjunction with the Shadow Serpent skills yields such destructive power." "On the other hand, most creatures' Shadow Energy are quite mild in nature, making them the best way to purify the impure Shadow Energy you've obtained from the orb of Shadow Serpent Essence you absorbed since they would meld with it quite easily." "With that in mind, we'll be slaying some non-hostile creatures for now until your Shadow Energy has improved to the point it gets recognized by the system." Feeling like he had gotten a good grasp of where they were in the Shadow Plane, Noel began to move after he was finished saying these words, leaving the young man no choice but to follow him from behind. "So, are we going to be killing a few rabbits or something until my Shadow Energy improves?" In response to Noel's words, Valyr asked the former a question while they traversed the landscape, to which the old man responded by looking back at him for a bit before returning his gaze to what was before them. "First, you'll be the one doing the killing. I'm only here to accompany you and protect you from attacks that would undoubtedly end your life," said Noel sometime later. "And second…" "…on second thought, I'll just show you instead." "Hmm? Show me what?" "Show you how 'brave' you are to brush off killing rabbits in the Shadow Plane so easily." "Eh? But aren't rabbits one of the simplest creatures to kill?" … … … "…that's a rabbit?" "Now do you see what I mean?" "…is that seriously a rabbit?" Ding! [Shadow Rabbit Emperor (Lesser Boss)] (Level 99 | Boss) Class: Sovereign of the Shadow Rabbits (Epic) HP: 565,500/565,500 MP: 351,600/351,600 Stats: 1,508 VIT, 2,056 STR, 3,248 AGI, 2,060 DEX, 1,172 INT, 2,148 WIS, 1,828 PER, 396 LUK Skills: ???? (skills unknown due to great disparity in level) Remarks: …that's a rabbit? Chapter 414: An Exception To The Norm MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Standing over a hundred meters away from the large creature they were looking at, Valyr was left at a complete loss for words as he took a look at the status screen that had appeared before him. With the creature's HP and MP being the six digits, as well as its stats being in the four digits, it took a while for the young man to compose himself, taking in a few deep breaths as he eventually muttered to himself. "Well, it's not like this is the first time I've encountered something this weird." "Nor would it be the last." "But still… there's no way inHeckI'm gonna fight against that thing. Yet." Feeling a wry smile creep up onto his lips, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he closed the screen before him, shifting his gaze to the large creature before them once more. Without a doubt, the creature before them was a rabbit in its entirety, with its fur being a slightly lighter shade of gray. However, rather than it being at the size it would normally be in the real world, Valyr was certain that the rabbit was the size of an elephant at the very least, perhaps a couple of elephants if he were to talk about its overall length. Aside from that, the rabbit radiated a tyrannical aura that seemed to be intertwined with the feeling of high authority, prompting almost all of the creatures in the vicinity to distance themselves as far away from the rabbit as possible. Combined with its strength through its stats, Valyr felt that the word 'Emperor' in its name was truly well-deserved. "Let me ask you once again." Seeing that the young man had finally internalized what he was looking at, Noel looked at Valyr beside him before asking the question he had asked him earlier. "Do you now understand why I said you were 'brave' to brush off killing a rabbit in the Shadow Plane so easily?" "I mean… how would I not after seeing that?" In response, Valyr nodded as a bitter smile appeared on his face. "In any case, I think I'm getting an idea on why rabbits are this scary in the Shadow Plane?" "Oh?" Hearing Valyr's words, Noel raised his eyebrow in curiosity. "What's your idea?" "Well… considering that the appearances of the creatures here aren't inverted like the world's landscape, save for the fact that they're slightly darker compared to their real world equivalents, they would have to be inverted in a different aspect." "And that would be…?" "Their nature?" At these words, Valyr was uncertain whether or not it was the case since it was something he had only deduced from looking at the rabbit. However, after seeing the old man smile in response to his answer, the young man was quickly prompted to think otherwise. "It usually takes people far longer to deduce that sort of thing whenever I bring them to this place," said Noel as he nodded in agreement with Valyr's words. "In their minds, they thought that every creature in the Shadow Plane was empowered, just like the rabbit before us." "But no, that's not the case." "Instead, the ecosystem within the Shadow Plane is a complete 180 of the ecosystem in place out in the real world. The prey in the real world are the apex predators of the Shadow Plane, while the predators in the real world are the prey of the Shadow Plane." "Of course, there's an exception to that norm. I'm sure you can already guess which creature that is." Saying these words, Noel looked at Valyr with a knowing smile, allowing the latter to not take long in formulating his response. "Is a snake still considered a predator in the Shadow Plane?" "Surprisingly, yes." Noel nodded in response. "I've tried looking into the reason why that would be the case, but that reason still eludes me to this very day." "Either way, snakes, or more specifically Shadow Serpents, are predators in the Shadow Plane. However, when compared to their real world counterpart, with those being somewhere near the end of the food chain, Shadow Serpents are considered apex predators in the Shadow Plane, being capable of consuming even beings like the Shadow Rabbit Emperor before us." "I see." Nodding in understanding, Valyr looked at the Shadow Rabbit Emperor one more time, making a mental note in his mind to try and fight a being like that after he had become stronger. For now, he suggested to Noel that they should get going to complete the things that he had to do to improve his subclass, to which the latter swiftly agreed. … Whoosh! Just like how they made their way to where a Shadow Rabbit Emperor was staying, Valyr and Noel zoomed through the weird looking wilderness, running side by side as Valyr decided to ask the old man a question all of a sudden. "Say, what's the minimum level of strength a person needs to be able to fight against a creature within the Shadow Plane?" Hearing this question, Noel looked at where they were going for a bit before proceeding to respond. "In terms of combat strength, I guess that person would need to be at the early levels of Rank 2 in order to fight against some creatures that are weaker than the norm." Noel briefly shrugged his shoulders. "However, if we exclude that, then that person would need a level of strength at the peak of Rank 2, preferably the early levels of Rank 3." "Ah, we're here." Gradually slowing down to a halt, Noel leisurely walked towards the place where he thought was the best place for Valyr to start improving his Shadow Energy, with the latter naturally following behind the former. Eventually, the duo had arrived at the area, prompting the young man to look at the sight before them, only to be left scratching his head once more. "As I've mentioned earlier, you first need to improve your Shadow Energy to the point it's recognized by the system as a stat." "With that, you'll be slaying the non-hostile creatures in front of you for the meantime." "For reference, these small creatures are called Shadow Mammoths." Chapter 415: The Curse Strikes MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "Shadow Mammoths, huh…" Hearing the name of the creatures before them, an awkward smile appeared on Valyr's face as he activated [Greater Analysis] to see whether Noel was telling him a lie. However, the status screen that appeared in front of Valyr's face instead proved that the old man was indeed telling the truth. Ding! [Shadow Mammoth (Rare Elite)] (Level 30) Class: Shadow Mammoth HP: 2,970/2,970 MP: 1,350/1,350 Stats: 165 VIT, 140 STR, 110 AGI, 79 DEX, 75 INT, 138 WIS, 91 PER, 53 LUK Skills: [Headbutt], [Basic Shadow Energy Affinity], [Inferior Regeneration],… Remarks: They're pretty cute for their size. Of course, as Valyr looked at the status screen before him, he would glance at the Shadow Mammoths themselves for a bit. Being in the same condition as the Shadow Rabbit Emperor from before, their appearances were a tad darker when compared to their real world counterparts. However, the opposite applied to their size, with them now being the same size as rabbits, even though their proportions were still that of large mammoths. "I'll be there if you need me or if you want to ask me a question." Knowing that Valyr would take a while to accept the sight before him as reality, just like with the Shadow Rabbit Emperor, Noel decided to give the man some space as he gave him a heads-up that he would be idling at a nearby tree, sitting on one of its leaf branches. Nodding in response, Valyr let Noel do his thing as he eventually took in a deep breath, watching the Shadow Mammoths move about the area for a bit before proceeding to take a few steps forward. Though, at the very moment he did so, all of the Shadow Mammoths looked in his direction as their eyes all gained a faint tinge of crimson. "Ah, Heck." Noticing that the auras being released by the Shadow Mammoths had undergone an increase in power, Valyr could not help but let out a couple profanities as he took on a battle stance, conjuring a few balls made out of orange crimson flames before proceeding to throw it at the Shadow Mammoths. "[Crimson Blaze Barrage]." Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! "Groooogghhh…!" At the very instant the fireballs made contact with the Shadow Mammoths, the latter let out a pained cry that would be normal for a mammoth to let out, though at a higher pitch due to their smaller size. Nevertheless, with how all of the Shadow Mammoths had become hellbent on killing him due to a certain thing, Valyr ignored their pained cries as he threw fireball after fireball towards them, eventually causing the ground to be littered with their slightly charred corpses. Not long after, the charred corpses of the Shadow Mammoths released a few faint motes of dark gray light that all swiftly made their way towards Valyr, prompting the latter to activate the [Shadow Eye]'s ability that would allow him to see Shadow Energy. Swoosh! Unsurprisingly, the motes of dark gray light were all condensed Shadow Energy that the Shadow Mammoths had been cultivating throughout their lives, all of which headed towards Valyr's forehead as they directed themselves towards a specific part of his mind. Whoosh! Within seconds, Valyr felt his perception of the Shadow Plane change, feeling like he could now see his entire surroundings in slightly better detail than before. Aside from that, he felt that the connection he had to Shadow Energy had improved, causing him to take look at the beam that extended from his forehead, noticing that it had become somewhat thicker than before. Staring at the beam for a bit longer, he also noticed how there now seemed to be less impurities within the beam, which was more apparent during the first time he had activated the ability to view his connection to Shadow Energy. All in all, he was quite satisfied with the rewards that he reaped from his first skirmish in the Shadow Plane… Even though it was something he wasn't aiming to trigger in the first place. 'Who knew the curse would also be effective within this place?' Though Valyr had not felt the effects of the Mark of the Alltide for quite some time, it was still something that was stuck in the back of his mind, being a factor that he always considered whenever he would do something. Therefore, Valyr was quite surprised when he discovered that the curse still had an effect even in a place separate from the real world, something that he definitely wasn't expecting. 'Either way, thanks to this fight, I'm now more certain regarding a certain aspect of the curse,' thought Valyr to himself, thinking about how the Shadow Mammoths were long within the 100 meter radius of the curse's effect before the two decided to stop, but only decided to become aggressive when Valyr took a few steps forward. 'I'll still have to check whether that's indeed the case or not, but I think sound is the trigger for them to become hellbent on killing me.' Taking some time to ponder over how his first fight in the Shadow Plane went, Valyr soon proceeded to slay some more Shadow Mammoths within the area, with the latter always having the initiative due to the effects of the Mark of the Alltide. Naturally, with the curse in effect, Valyr experimented with making various sounds to trigger the aggressiveness of the normally docile Shadow Mammoths, as well as experimented on the loudness of these sounds to see if there was a minimum threshold. Eventually, he was able to deduce that any sound he made, whether it be his footsteps or his breathing, was the cause of the aggressiveness. Unfortunately, no matter how much he made sure that he made no noise, even going so far as to move like an assassin during one of his fights, the Shadow Mammoths still became aggressive, coming to the conclusion that there was no minimum threshold to the loudness at all. "Groooogh!" Sending yet another Shadow Mammoth to the afterlife with a quick blast of orange crimson flames, the condensed Shadow Energy it had cultivated swiftly headed towards the young man's body, reinforcing the connection he had with Shadow Energy to a small degree. Closing his eyes for a bit to acclimate to the slight improvement to his senses, Valyr eventually opened it once more, only to see Noel standing in front of him with a solemn expression. "Is there anything wrong, Elder Noel?" asked Valyr, to which Noel responded with a slight frown. "Not really…on second thought, there is one. I don't mind the fact that you're using magic to slay the Shadow Mammoths, but there's something that's been bothering me." "And what's that?" "Why haven't you been using your spear?" Chapter 416: The Curse Strikes Again MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "Well… about that…" Waiting for Noel to go on a tirade on how he should have used his spear while fighting against the Shadow Mammoths to increase his combat efficiency even if sparingly, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he noticed the old man silently waiting for his response. Scratching the back of his head, Valyr grabbed his trusty spear from his back before giving it to the elder to identify. "It would be better for you to see it yourself, Elder Noel." "Hmm?" Raising his eyebrow in slight confusion, Noel received Valyr's spear with both hands, staring at it for a bit due to the ferocious aura he felt faintly emanating from the spear, as well as how brutal yet exquisite its design was. After that, he went ahead and used his identification skill on the spear, only for his eyes to focus on a certain innate skill that the spear held. "What kind of perverse skill is this…" Noel muttered in slight disbelief, staring at the description of [Tidemother's Vengeance] for a long time as he worked out in his mind as to how the innate skill would work. Closing his eyes for a bit after that, he then gave the spear back
