have been separated from the others. As for Loreina, Vera, and Faulus, the three of them also kept their eyes peeled for any possible enemies, hoping to get an idea on how they would adapt their fighting styles to their enemies within the inheritance. With their stats bolstered after ascending to the peak of Rank 3, their attempts at looking around hadn't been entirely useless as Loreina eventually noticed a lone enemy a kilometer or so away from where they stood. With their improved stats, it did not take long for them to get a better look of what they would have to fight against during their time in the inheritance. However, after getting a good look at their opponent, most of them somewhat regretted the fact that they had gone closer, with Hal and Valyr looking at it with grim expressions. If one were to sum up the appearance of the being that was still a distance away from them in one word, then that word would have to be human. Though, that was the only similarity it and the five had going for it as the being looked to be an incredibly poor attempt at emulating the appearance of one. All of the muscles making up its four appendages had been blown out of proportion, reminding a few among the group of how frogs looked before they let out a croak. Nevertheless, veins as thick as branches lined each and every muscle, which formed a stark contrast to its torso and its head. For the lack of a better term, the being's torso and head looked to be lopsided, bent in an unnatural manner due to the weight of its upper limbs. It was as if all of the nutrients the being partook in had all gone to its muscles, with only a small amount remaining towards these two areas. With a blank glare adorning its emaciated face as it roamed around like a feral creature, the five looked at each other and wondered whether they were even looking at one of their kin. Fortunately, a quick activation of the identification skill was more than enough for them to find out that the system declared the beings as something else entirely. Ding! [Aberration (Legendary Elite)] (Level 64) Class: Aberration (Uncommon) HP: 15,424/15,424 MP: 10,368/10,368 Stats: 482 VIT, 565 STR, 502 AGI, 473 DEX, 324 INT, 284 WIS, 252 PER, 144 LUK Skills: [Intermediate Regeneration], [Intermediate Physical Damage Resistance], [Basic Physical Damage Nullification], [Basic Magical Damage Resistance],... Remarks: An experiment gone wrong. Taking a look at the screen brought up in front of him thanks to [Greater Analysis], Valyr's eyes briefly widened in surprise as he noticed that the being was actually a Legendary Elite tier monster. 'If we were still at the peak of Rank 2, this would have probably been a Rare Elite tier monster. Possibly an Epic Elite tier monster at most.' "An experiment gone wrong, huh…" With his stats giving him the confidence to be calm up against what would be their first opponent in the inheritance, the young man eventually shifted his gaze towards the remarks written by the system, raising his eyebrow in slight curiosity. . 'With how advanced the city looks even after it turned to ruins, I guess they dabbled in genetic modification.' As they had moved somewhat closer to the city, Valyr was able to notice a few more things about the ruins that he hadn't noticed at first. One of those was the fact that it looked like the city had achieved a level of technology far above the level of technology Earth had achieved in his past life and in his current life. Nevertheless, the thought only came to mind as he had recalled reading a few attempts at genetic modification in the past, though those articles talked about how they were successful in making people immune to all types of diseases, improving people's physical capabilities, and the like. Of course, he was more than certain that a large pile of failed attempts had laid down the path people needed to take before they were able to achieve even one successful attempt, with the aberration that stood far before them being an example of one of those failed attempts. "So, who wants to fight the aberration?" Turning around to look at the others, Valyr went ahead and asked them as he pointed at the aberration. With how everyone had ascended to the peak of Rank 3 and how everyone had Mythic grade classes, the young man was certain that everyone would be able to defeat the aberration without much of a problem. However… "Shouldn't you fight it first as the leader?" said Faulus in response, eliciting some of the others to look at him with surprised expressions. "After all, among the five of us, you're the strongest when it comes to combat, so you'd be able to defeat the aberration without a problem, as well as obtain a few nuances during the fight that would allow us to combat it more easily." "Why don't you do it instead?" Though he felt a bit of anger at Faulus from the suggestion, Valyr wasn't going to acquiesce that easily, turning the tables around in his response. "You did approach me last night that you wanted me to teach you a few things about combat, so why not use this opportunity as a way to gain some experience?" "Alright, I'll do it." Fortunately, just as Faulus was about to answer back with a retort at Valyr, Hal had stopped the entire thing from escalating any further, telling the others to stay where they were. Taking in a deep breath, Hal took out his newly upgraded sword with a low sigh, heading straight for the aberration before Valyr could even say anything. Chapter 592: Four Pillars: Easy Pickings "What the heckwas that about, Faulus?" Whilst Hal was making his way to the aberration at the limits of his agility, Loreina looked at the alchemist with a frown. "Did you really have to force Valyr to make the first move? Even you could have beaten that thing with your stats, no?" In response to the series of questions, Faulus remained silent. Though he had gained his bearings the previous night after talking with Valyr, it seemed as if all of that progress was instantly lost after sighting the first opponent of their inheritance, feeling a hint of fear at the thought of fighting something like it. Not wanting to show to the others that he feared fighting against even the weakest kind of enemy they would come across in the inheritance, the alchemist clicked his tongue as he responded, "So what? Am I wrong in saying that Valyr would have an easy time fighting against it? Am I also wrong in saying that Valyr would have gotten more information from fighting against it with his combat prowess?" "Now's not the time to argue over something like this." Scratching the back of his head, Valyr interrupted the two from further bickering as he told the two to focus their attention on Hal's fight. "If we're already fighting over something as small as this, I don't know if we wouldn't even be able to explore the inheritance completely." . Thankfully, after these words, Faulus and Loreina remained silent and focused their attention on Hal, who was only seconds away from landing his first strike on the aberration. With that, Valyr briefly ruminated over the various reasons why Faulus wanted him to go first, only to put it aside for the meantime as he hoped to gain a greater idea of the inheritance from this first skirmish. … "[Blade of Six Paths]…" Imbuing his sword with a bit of mana, Hal gazed at the aberration in the eyes, the latter's attention wholly focused on him. Then, without hesitation, he raised his sword to the sky before bringing it downwards, landing a solid strike on the aberration's body. "[Mortal Severing Slash]." "Grwaaagghh!!!" Though the aberration had a series of skills that reduced the damage it took, the strength imbued within Hal's strike had caused a large wound to open up on the aberration's body. Letting out a shriek from the pain it felt, the wound ran along the aberration's torso to one of its enlarged arms, making one faintly wonder how strong its vitality was. 'This seems… easier than I thought?' With the aberration thoroughly enraged by the attack, Hal watched as the aberration swung its arms to the sky before slamming it down to the ground at full force, causing the ground to quake. Unsurprisingly, with the great disparity between his and the aberration's stats, he was able to easily dodge the attack, countering against it by landing a series of slashes across its arms. Once more, the aberration screamed out in pain, its blank stare from earlier now replaced with a maddened expression that wanted to kill Hal no matter what. Empowered by its rage, the aberration attempted an attack once more, utilizing the strong muscles in its legs to appear in front of the man before slamming down. Yet, similar to before, Hal was able to easily dodge the attack as a calm expression appeared on his face. Landing a series of lacerations across the aberration's engorged legs, he gradually began to land more and more attacks on the aberration as he wanted to confirm a suspicion he had that arose from his first attack. By the end of it, the aberration had become a recipient of Hal's incessant attacks, letting out scream after scream as its only sign that it remained alive amidst the beating it had taken on. "[Mortal Severing Slash]." Feeling as if he had gained more or less all of the information the group would need from their enemy in the plains, Hal took one last look at the aberration, whose body was greatly mangled from the attacks he had landed on it. Though somewhat surprised at its tenacity to keep on living, the man went ahead and ended the battle with a quick slice through the aberration's throat, separating its head from the body for good. Ding! Hearing a few notification sounds resound in his mind after he had killed the group's first aberration, a look of slight surprise appeared on Hal's face for a brief moment before making his way back to where the four stood as he condensed all of the information he had gained from the fight on his way back. "What's the verdict?" Watching Hal return from his fight against the aberration, Valyr took the initiative to start the conversation, even though how the fight went earlier already told him what he wanted to know. "Easy pickings," Hal responded, looking at everyone else before stopping at Faulus for a brief moment. "Though I'm not sure if all aberrations are like this, it seems like they've been put in the inheritance as a way for inheritors to get used to combat before heading deeper." "I'm quite certain that everyone here could fight against a bunch of aberrations on their own without much problem, though keep in mind that their stats and skills are the real deal," he continued, looking at Loreina and the other two. "Especially you three. You three would definitely suffer a lot against even one of its hits." "I guess that's that, then." Pondering over something for a bit, Valyr eventually looked at the others with a slight nod. "Everyone, we'll head in a bit deeper into the plains and set up our camp there. After that, everyone can split up and fight against aberrations to gain a better idea of what to expect once we head deeper into the inheritance." "From what Hal has said, it's a good way for us to polish up on combat." At these words, the young man briefly glanced at Hal, who bitterly smiled after noticing his momentary gaze. "So, if you feel like your combat skills aren't up to par for what's to come, now's a good chance to brush up on that." "Any other questions?" Seeing that everyone shook their heads in response, Valyr nodded back in understanding as he and Hal led the group deeper into the plains, only stopping once they had found a suitable campsite a couple hours after the beginning of their trek. Chapter 593: Four Pillars: Dominance "Alright." Seeing that their camp for the night had been fully set up, Valyr called for the others to gather around him. Giving each of them a brief glance, he then slightly nodded. "As I mentioned earlier, the plains is a good spot to hone your combat experience, allowing you to get used to fighting beings that are at least a rank above you in terms of strength." "Not only that, but these aberrations also give out a ton of experience due to the disparity in levels between us and them," he continued, though everyone there more or less knew what he wanted to say. "For the remainder of the day, all of us should go our separate ways and fight against these aberrations, whether it's to hone our combat experience, gain XP, or just get a better sense of working around the world's scant concentration of mana." "Speaking of mana, has anyone already tried out if magic skills work fine in the inheritance?" Hearing Valyr's words, Loreina decided to speak up as she relied on magic skills a lot. Pondering over the process he had gone through regarding the Outer Realm Scripture last night, a thought soon surfaced within the young man's mind. "I did a bit of checking last night, and it looks like mana regeneration is the only thing that's affected by concentration. I'll have to do some more checking once we're fighting against the aberrations." Loreina nodded back in response. "I'll do some testing as well." "Got it." As Vera said after Loreina that she would also do some testing, Valyr thanked the two of them before asking the others to add one another to each other's friend lists. Then, after making sure that everyone had every other member aside from them added, the young man went ahead and created a party chat with the five of them as members. "Since we'll be going our separate ways for the meantime, this will serve as our method of communication. Whether it be questions that have answers everyone else would benefit from, findings in your area of the plains, or any other important stuff, please send those messages here." Asking everyone to keep the party chat screen open at all times, the young man gave everyone one last reminder before the five of them went their separate ways. Surprisingly, Vera and Loreina had decided to team up, while Hal went on his own in a direction away from the pair. As for Valyr, he was about to head in a direction away from the others on his own, only to be stopped by a young man trying to catch up to him. "Wait a minute, Valyr!" Hearing his name being called, Valyr stopped in his tracks and turned, only for a mysterious expression to appear on his face when the one that called him was Faulus. At first, the young man thought that Faulus looked to be arrogant towards anyone he did not deem as an equal, while those he deemed an equal he treated as a good friend. However, after the alchemist had suggested earlier that he should fight against the first aberration, the young man could not make heads or tails as to what kind of person Faulus was. "What's up?" Knowing that cooperation was key while exploring the inheritance, he put his lingering thoughts of slight rage to the side as he looked at Faulus with a raised eyebrow. Instead, if his train of thought was correct, what the alchemist would ask him might just be what he needed to get a better idea of what kind of person Faulus was. "Well…" Twiddling his thumbs for a bit, Faulus took in a deep breath before giving Valyr a half-bow. "I would like to apologize for the matter earlier!" At those words, Valyr's eyes widened in slight surprise, finding it slightly more difficult to guess the man's personality. Nevertheless, he nodded in response, telling him that he forgave him after the latter explained that his fears from last night had seemingly popped up after getting a closer look at the aberration. After a bit more smoothing out between them, Faulus then asked if he could join the young man to possibly gain some more combat experience before they enter the depths of the inheritance. Naturally, Valyr agreed to the proposition, though he did tell the alchemist that he would have to slightly distance himself from the man once they found their opponents to fight. "Now that I think about it, are you still using magic as your main combat style?" Roaming through the plains at considerably high speeds, the young man decided to make some small talk with the guy, hoping to find out more regarding the latter's combat expertise. Faulus replied with a nod, "Yeah, though I did pick up a weapon a week before the inheritance since the combat instructor that taught me told me to do so." "What weapon did you choose, then?" Valyr raised his eyebrows in curiosity. "The staff." Hearing Faulus' response, the young man nodded in understanding. Though it was not as widespread as the sword or the spear, the staff was still a great weapon choice as the number of ways one could attack with it was nigh infinite. If anything, one could say that the spear is an extension of the staff, with the only difference being the fact that it had a sharp edge on one side. Making a bit more small talk after that, with Valyr giving Faulus tips on wielding the staff from his treasure trove of memories, the two soon focused all of their attention on traversing the plains in search of aberrations to fight against. Fortunately, it only took a couple of minutes for them to arrive at what looked to be the boundary of a territory filled with these hulking creatures. Looking at each and every aberration within his field of vision with [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], Valyr slightly nodded before turning to look at Faulus. "As we've talked during our trek earlier, we'll be fighting against these aberrations separately. Feel free to take a break every few aberrations or so to gain an idea of what you could improve on your combat style, though I'll also give a few of my insights here and there." "And if one side is in danger?" asked the alchemist in response, which Valyr found slightly amusing. "With the disparity between our stats and theirs, the chances of that happening are low," replied Valyr. "But if that ever happens, the other side should always be ready to help the one in danger out." . With that, the two of them went their separate ways, approaching the territory of aberrations in front of them from differing sides, making sure to not interfere on the other. Surprisingly, Faulus had brought out a staff Valyr had never seen before, to which the latter nodded in agreement. "[Offense Aura+]." Confident that Faulus would mostly be fine against the aberrations, Valyr went ahead and focused his sights on one of the aberrations ahead of him as he charged up one of the stronger magic skills under his arsenal. Due to the fact that he was still unsure whether or not the mana concentration in the area would affect the power of his magic, the young man wanted to end the battle against the aberration before it began. With that, it went without saying that under the effect of [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], the young man aimed… At the aberration's weakest point. "[Crimson Blade Descent]." Whoosh! Bang! '-24,165!!!' With all of his attention focused on the pitch-black circle within his vision, Valyr sent out a blade made out of crimson flames that was considerably larger than any of the blades he had conjured before. Then, wanting to catch the opponent unaware, he propelled the blade forward at great speeds, causing the aberration to die before it could even know what hit it. Ding! [With a 9 level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 180%.] [You have slain a Level 64 Aberration (Legendary Elite). You have gained 1,075,536 XP.] "Now that I think about it, does Mark of the Alltide have an effect on these things?" Slightly grinning at the fact that he had gained close to a million XP without breaking much of a sweat, the young man shared his current findings regarding magic skills to the party chat as the thought surfaced in his mind. Deciding to read the messages that followed after the one sent later, he then traveled a bit around the idea, eventually finding an aberration that seemed to be away from the other aberrations. Inching closer and closer to the aberration until it hit the range of the curse, the young man did not know whether to be happy or sad at the fact the aberration had not been affected by the curse at all. Nevertheless, with that query answered, he proceeded to slaughter all of the aberrations near him, relying on the cheat that was [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] alongside his empowered set of magic skills. At times, he would also utilize his spear whenever he came across a considerably large group of aberrations, the damage values that popped up causing a wide grin to appear on Valyr's face. Then again, by the time he had gone through about 60 or so aberrations, a lingering thought eventually surfaced in his mind, prompting him to look at his palms with a pensive expression. "Now that I think about it…" "I should really get my hands on a magic weapon." Chapter 594: Four Pillars: Gates of Enlightenment Due to the slight modification Noel had done to Valyr's subclass, not only did the young man's
