could have the equipment that comes with the Tidemother and uh… 10 vials of its blood, I guess?" "Make that 30 vials of blood." Surprisingly, Tristan quickly bit onto the offer, haggling with Valyr to get a better deal. "12 vials." Of course, Valyr wouldn't back down that easily. "25." "15." "22." "18." "20 it is, then?" Finding their haggling somewhat hilarious as they still ended up arriving at the middle ground, Tristan let out a faint chuckle, only for Valyr to let out a chuckle as well soon after. "Why did we even have to do that if we were going to end up at 20 vials anyway?" "Just go and get your stuff, will you?" Playfully kicking Tristan in his rear in response, Valyr told Tristan to grab the materials he needed as quickly as possible, even going so far as to cast a movement speed buffing skill on the latter to speed up his gathering process. After a few minutes of waiting by the corpse, Tristan eventually arrived in front of Valyr once more with a small box of empty glass vials, nodding at the young man as the two of them quickly scaled up the monster's body with the box in tow. Brandishing a blade he had brought along to speed up the collection process, Tristan went ahead and made a wide incision on the Tidemother's back, allowing Valyr to get a closer look at the insides of the Tidemother for once. Seeing Tristan jam his hands into the incision he had made quickly made Valyr feel an urge to vomit, though this quickly disappeared once the former eventually retrieved a pair of dark crimson vambraces from the Tidemother's insides. "Well then. A pair of Uncommon grade vambraces at Level 25." Quickly using [Analysis] on the vambraces, a grin soon adorned Tristan's face as he placed the vambraces in the box, only to grab the glass vials from the box soon after before shoving them into the incision to gather the Tidemother's blood. Watching Tristan obtain the Tidemother's blood through what he considered was a barbaric method, Valyr eventually parted ways with the man as the former held up his part of the deal, only grabbing 20 vials of blood from the Tidemother before heading back to the village. Waving farewell at the man, Valyr watched the man's silhouette for a bit before it eventually disappeared from his field of vision, prompting him to focus his sight on the incision Tristan had made before retrieving his spear behind his back. 'You ready to undergo an upgrade?' Asking a question to his spear, Valyr sent a message through his mind. 'As ready as I ever will be, Master.' In response, Sana replied back, the feeling of excitement and expectation filling the young man's mind. Chapter 353: Mark Of The Alltide 'Now that I think about it, is there anything I need to do during the upgrade process?' Taking in a couple of deep breaths to calm down his emotions, a thought swiftly surfaced in Valyr's mind, prompting him to ask the question that came along with the thought to Sana. 'Speaking of which, I should have brought a forging hammer with me, huh.' 'There's no need for that at all, Master.' In response, Sana's voice resounded throughout his mind, telling him that there was no need for a forging hammer at all. 'All you have to do is insert me within the opening your friend had made and I'll take it from there.' 'For some reason, I find it wrong to do so, but alright.' As his mind wandered about for a bit, briefly imagining of scenes that involved inserting things into openings, Valyr quickly shook the useless thoughts off his mind as he moved closer to the incision Tristan had made, ready to plunge Sana into the insides of the Tidemother. 'Wait a second…' Just as Valyr was about to insert his spear into the incision, another thought popped up in his mind, reminding him of the conversation he and Sana had back then regarding the latter's upgrade process. 'You said back then that you need the parts of a Lesser Tidemother to upgrade to the next tier, right? This is a corpse of a Prodigious Lesser Tidemother. Would it be fine?' 'More than fine, Master,' replied Sana, its voice continuing to resound within Valyr's mind. 'If anything, the parts of a Prodigious Lesser Tidemother would possibly allow me to upgrade to a far higher tier. Aside from that, there's also the blood of the Prodigious Lesser Tidemother.' 'Well, if you say so…' Deciding to trust in his spear, Valyr took in yet another deep breath before proceeding to shove the spear into the incision Tristan had made. For a few seconds, nothing much happened, with the sight in front of Valyr being that of his spear barely sticking out of the incision. Fortunately, just as he thought that the upgrade process was unsuccessful, the spear started to leave the incision on its own, a thick strand of the Tidemother's blood connecting to it as it eventually started to hover in mid-air. Whoosh! Whoosh! Within seconds, Valyr's spear started to radiate a faint crimson glow as the red blood of the Tidemother gradually crept up on its surface, eventually covering the spear in its entirety. However, the crimson glow of the spear still remained even after the Tidemother's blood covered it, only for the glow to take on a tinge of gold as the power inherent within the blood fought against the blood that existed within the spear. Unlike before, where the blue blood the spear had absorbed back when he was in the Experience Pit lost to the crimson blood within the spear, the crimson blood from the Tidemother that had hints of gold within it won against the blood that already existed within the spear, taking its place. Of course, not all of the crimson blood that existed before within the spear could be erased, instead melding with the crimson-gold blood of the Prodigious Lesser Tidemother to reinforce and strengthen itself even further. Swoosh! At the very moment Valyr's spear had finished absorbing all of the blood that had surrounded it, a far stronger wave of energy emanated from the spear, causing Valyr to look at the changes his spear had undergone. Within seconds, Valyr noticed that the spear had gained an ornate design around the boundary that separated the shaft from the spearhead, being made up of small crimson extensions that looked similar to the limbs of the Prodigious Lesser Tidemother. Aside from that, the spearhead underwent a slight change due to the blood it had absorbed, taking on a slightly longer shape as Valyr felt immense sharpness just from looking at it. As for the shaft, it had gained faint intricate carvings on its surface, all of which were connected to the design surrounding the boundary. For a brief moment, Valyr wondered whether these carvings would aid in the delivery of energy through the spear, considering how they were connected. Though, before he could obtain the answer to his question, a large surge of energy moved through the strand of blood connecting his spear to the Tidemother's corpse, causing the corpse to slightly rumble as he took a look at what had just happened. "Holy heck." Standing near the edge of the Tidemother's torso, Valyr was finally able to see what had caused the slight rumble, his eyes instantly fixated on the splayed limbs of the Tidemother. Before he had begun the upgrade process, the limbs of the Tidemother still appeared to be full of energy of vigor. In contrast, the limbs of the Tidemother now looked as if it had been siphoned of all its energy, causing it to look atrophied and emaciated, similar to the limbs of what a person in their old age would look like. With that, he returned his gaze to his spear still hovering half a meter above the Tidemother's corpse, noticing that the energy from the Tidemother was continuing to transform the spear even further. However, just as he was about to watch the spear's transformation unfold in real-time… Rumble… Out of nowhere, the corpse continued to rumble once more. With that, Valyr stood up yet again to find out what was causing the rumble, only for a wave of energy from the Tidemother to come out of nowhere and hit Valyr from his back. Bang! "Gah!" Thinking that an enemy had appeared out of nowhere, Valyr swiftly turned around to see where the wave of energy had come from. However, just as he had done so, a great influx of information bombarded his mind, causing his eyes to roll as he fell on his back as a loud and shrill voice resounded in his mind. "To you who defiled the body of a Tidemother and transformed its strength into your own, I curse you till the ends of time." "Gone are your days of peace. Gone are your days of security. In every waking moment, any monster you come across shall attack you without hesitation, their attacks all aiming for one thing: death." "May you feel the wrath of the Tidemother whose body you defiled and stolen strength from. May you feel the wrath of the monsters that all seek to kill you." "May you feel the wrath of the Alltide." Chi! Chi! Chi! "Aaaaggggghhhhh!!!" As the words from the shrill voice resounded in his mind, his body was being subjected to an immense amount of pain. With Valyr enduring great physical and mental anguish, the wave of energy that hit his back earlier appeared once more, burning the flesh on the surface of his back as it slowly carved out a mark while he continued to scream out in pain. By the time a few minutes had passed, the small mark of a spider being surrounded by an intricate magic circle appeared on Valyr's back, only being hidden by the armor set he wore. However, at that point, the amount of mental and physical pain Valyr had gone through had exceeded what even he had endured from the skill books back then, causing him to fall unconscious as his spear still continued to hover in mid-air. … … … Ding! [You have gained the Mark of the Alltide (Tier I).] Chapter 354: A Win-Win Situation 'Wake… Mas…' 'Wake… up…' 'Master…' 'Wake up, Master!' "Mngh?" Being waken up with a jolt, Valyr gradually came to his senses as he heard Sana's voice resound in his mind over and over again, telling him to wake up. For a short while, he clutched his head in pain as he slowly sat upright, only to feel pain radiate from his back not long after. Fortunately, it did not take long for both types of pain to subside as Valyr's consciousness eventually became fully alert, allowing him to hear Sana let out a sigh of relief in his mind. 'I was worried you wouldn't wake up, Master,' said Sana, causing a faint apologetic smile to appear on Valyr's face as he apologized for worrying his spear. After that, the expression on his face turned solemn as he tried to recall what had transpired before he fell unconscious, only recalling brief glimpses of what had happened, as well as going through inordinate amounts of pain. 'Sana, mind telling me what happened before I fell unconscious?' As he asked this question to his spear, Valyr looked around to find where Sana was, only to see that it was on top of the incision Tristan had made all this time. However, once he stood up to move closer to grab his spear, he quickly noticed that the skin of the Tidemother had taken on a dried-up texture. With that, he became aware of his surroundings, finally noticing that the entire body of the Tidemother had taken on the same appearance as the limbs he had seen before he fell unconscious, emaciated and wrinkled. Aside from that, he noticed that he felt no aura whatsoever from the corpse anymore, prompting him to think that his spear had siphoned up all of the blood and energy that could be siphoned from it. Rubbing his hands over the Tidemother's skin, Valyr instantly thought about how its texture was similar to dried-up leather. Though, he quickly discarded that thought once Sana started telling him what happened to him before he fell unconscious. 'Well, at first, everything was fine. However, at some point during my upgrade process, the body of the Tidemother started to rumble a lot, which I felt from the connection I had to the corpse.' 'Not long after, I felt a wave of energy from the Tidemother hit you in the back, which caused you to fall to the ground.' As these words left Sana's mouth, his recollection of what had occurred earlier became clearer, remembering that he thought that an enemy had appeared all of a sudden and ambushed him. 'After that, your expression went blank for a bit before your body started to contort in various ways while you screamed out in pain.' Hearing these words, the expression on Valyr's face had turned grim, the memories that now lingered in his mind reminding him of the pain he had to go through. 'Then, after that, you fell unconscious. It took a few hours for you to wake up, Master.' 'Is that so?' Turning his head to look at the sky to see if Sana's words were true, a bitter smile quickly appeared on his face once he found out that the sun had already gone past its zenith, its position still somewhat far away from the horizon. Thinking about how Tristan and the others were probably thinking as to where he had gone at the moment, Valyr decided to place the thought at the back of his head for now as he took a look at his notifications, knowing that they'd give him a better idea of what happened. Ding! [You have gained the Mark of the Alltide (Tier I).] "The Mark of the Alltide…" Valyr muttered softly, as if imprinting the name into his memory. Soon after, he commanded the system to bring up its description, only to read through it not long after. "This…" "I can't believe I got a curse." With a slight frown, he rummaged through his treasure trove of memories, wondering if he had seen any similar cases in his past life as a player. Ding! [Mark of the Alltide (Tier I)] (Curse) Rarity: ??? To you who has defiled a Tidemother and made its strength your own, monsters shall torment your every waking moment. They all seek to end your life, leaving no trace of your existence even after death. You have incurred the wrath of the monsters. The wrath of the Tidemothers. The wrath of the Alltide. Within a 100 meter radius around the user, any wild monster shall charge towards you without hesitation and aim to kill you no matter what. All monsters within this radius shall have their strength augmented to one tier above their usual level of strength. Killing monsters under the effects of this augmentation yield 10% greater XP. As the frown on Valyr's face deepened, he eventually stumbled upon a couple memories he had where other players had gotten curses. However, the curses they obtained differed from his, with all of them due to the players making contact with demons from the Underworld and not being able to uphold their part of the deal. On top of that, the effects of their curses were far more ruthless than the effect of the curse Valyr had at the moment. "Then again, it's only at Tier I. That means there's higher tiers to it… which means it could only get worse from here." Letting out a low sigh, Valyr focused his thoughts on something else, deciding to focus it on the word 'Alltide'. "Alltide… is it referring to the Grand Tide?" Pondering over the connection between the two, Valyr felt like there was a high chance that the Alltide was the Grand Tide, prompting him to recall how his ability to communicate with Sana had been awakened in the first place. "The third version, huh…" Letting out a long sigh, Valyr composed himself as he thought about how the curse would affect him in his day-to-day life from now on. "Well, I guess that means I can't move through the wilderness without preparing anymore." Thinking about how he might end up attracting the attention of an incredibly strong monster without him knowing thanks to the curse, a bitter smile adorned Valyr's face as he realized he had been wallowing himself in misery all this time. Shaking all of the negative thoughts in his mind, Valyr went ahead and picked up Sana, only to use [Analysis] on it not long after. 'Now then. Let's see how much you've improved.' "…oh?" "…" "I see. Hehehe." "I guess this curse isn't completely a bad thing, after all." Chapter 355: An Unexpected Bonus Ding! As Valyr cast [Analysis] on his spear, he commanded the system to bring up a notification screen in front of him to see what kind of changes Sana had undergone during the upgrade process. Noticing that the screen containing Sana's description was significantly longer than it previously was, he decided to focus his attention on the notifications for now, thinking that he would get a better idea of what he would read once he checked out how much his spear improved later. [Using the blood and energy of a Prodigious Lesser Tidemother as a catalyst, the Lesser Tidemother Blood contained within the weapon has undergone a transformation, being reborn anew to contain far greater strength than it initially did.] [Due to the newfound power residing within the weapon, the weapon has been reclassified to a higher rarity. Its rarity is now Rare.] [Thanks to the increase in rarity, the name of the weapon has changed to 'True Spear of the Prodigious Tidemother'.] [A surge of nefarious yet pure energy contained within the absorbed blood has awakened, allowing the weapon to achieve a far greater level of power, tapping into the wrath of the Prodigious Lesser Tidemother it has absorbed.] [Due to the newfound power residing within the weapon, the weapon has been reclassified to a higher rarity. Its rarity is now Rare+.] [Thanks to the increase in rarity, as well as the change in the weapon's nature, the name of the weapon has changed to 'Wrath of the Prodigious Tidemother'.] "So Sana's been affected by the curse as well, huh?" Once he was done reading through the notifications pertaining to the upgrade process his spear had undergone, a bitter smile adorned Valyr's face as he closed the notification screen. Not long after, he shot his spear a question through his mind. 'How do you feel?' 'Stronger, yet at the same time weaker.' As these words resounded within Valyr's mind, the young man feel the spear make a bitter smile as it responded to his question. 'Does this have something to do with the wave of energy that hit you, Master?' 'I believe so.' Responding back, the bitter smile on Valyr's face turned wider as he grabbed Sana, admiring the changes it had undergone in terms of appearance. Under the harsh rays of the sun, the spear now glistened a faint gold, which prompted the young man to recall the blood of the Tidemother his spear had siphoned from earlier. Aside from that, the small limbs that surrounded the boundary connecting the shaft to the spearhead had grown more ornate yet at the same time grotesque in its design, now giving Valyr the feeling that each of the limbs contained the wrath and fury of the Prodigious Lesser Tidemother he had killed. Once he was done admiring the transformation his spear had undergone, Valyr went ahead and explained to Sana what the wave of energy meant, as well as the curse that he had obtained thanks to the wave of energy that hit his back. 'I see.' Surprisingly, Sana gave off the feeling that it had finally understood something as its words echoed within Valyr's mind. Curious, the latter asked his spear what it understood, to which it replied. 'It seems I've now gained the power to harm you, Master.' Feeling his spear give him a bitter smile once more as it spoke through his mind, a look of confusion crept up onto the young man's face as he wondered what his spear meant by that. With that, he finally took a look at the updated description of his spear, feeling like he would gain his answer once he looked there. And gain his answer, he did. Ding! [(+10) Wrath of the Prodigious Tidemother] (Level 33) Rarity: Rare+ Weapon Bond: Lv. 2 (Valyr) Attack: 367 - 612 (+20%) Additional Attributes: > STR +15 > AGI +16 > DEX +31 Previously a training weapon… description has been omitted. Submerged in the blood and energy of the being that had allowed the original weapon to ascend to a higher level of power in the first place, although it had mostly turned out to be successful, this spear now contains the wrath of the being it had stolen its strength from. With the wrath of the being's origin also wreaking havoc on the sole wielder of this spear, an unlikely resonance has formed between man and weapon, causing what the man considered to be its trusty partner in the battlefield to also become its greatest enemy in the worst conditions. However, not all of it is a bad thing. <Innate Skill 1: Summon Lesser Tidespawn - Grants the user the ability to summon one of the lowest-ranking minions of a Tidemother, a Lesser Tidespawn. This Lesser Tidespawn is unwavering loyal to the user and has a level of strength equivalent to 10% of the user's current level. May improve with prolonged usage. Maximum number of summons: 1. Cooldown: 2 hours. Cost: 2,500 MP.> <Innate Skill 2: Tidemother's Vengeance - As deep-seated wrath towards the defilement of the strength's source courses throughout the weapon, wielding this
