the question, Valyr slowly shook his head with a sigh. "I have no idea." "However, there is a way for us to find that out," he continued, opening up the party chat as he sent a hopeful message. "Loreina, please message us if you're safe." Seeing the message pop up on their respective party chat screens, it did not take long for the other three to understand what needed to be done, sending out a couple of messages that were of a similar vein to the message Valyr sent. Though Faulerei had mentioned to the five of them that they were not able to message those from the outside world through the system's chat function, such a limitation did not exist among the five of them since they experienced the same level of time dilation. By sending a message in the party chat, they would be able to confirm whether or not Loreina was still within the inheritance even after she was teleported someplace else. Fortunately, she was. "I'm fine," wrote Loreina in her response, causing everyone to let out wide sighs of relief. "However, I don't know which place I ended up in. All I can say is that the space in front of me is truly barren compared to the city ruins we're near at." . "Oh, wait. A voice is talking." Just as the others were about to tell her that she had appeared at the Gates of Enlightenment's training grounds, Loreina told them to stop sending her messages for the meantime, attempting to gain more information regarding the current situation she was in. Thankfully, the four only had to wait for a few minutes before the young woman had begun to send a series of messages in the party chat. "So, if I'm interpreting the words of the voice correctly, I'm currently within the place where the continuation of the first quest is held. Though the voice called it the Gates of Enlightenment's trial grounds, it also mentioned that it had another name, which was the Plains of Rebirth." "After that, it just told me to survive through the trials that would be thrown my way and I'd be able to take one step closer to whatever the Gates of Enlightenment is keeping." At those words, the four looked at each other and faintly nodded, keeping in mind the fact Loreina told them that there was still one more quest after the current one she was taking. Of course, to gain a better understanding of what Loreina had to go through, Valyr and the others asked her if she could share information regarding her quest to them. In response, the young woman sent over the information of her current quest through the party chat, only to add soon after that she was now going to begin tackling the trials. "So… I guess we're going to resume fighting against the aberrations?" Taking a look at the information Loreina had sent over, a moment of silence ensued among the four of them before it was broken yet again by Valyr. Hal wryly smiled in response. "I feel like we don't have much of a choice in the matter, especially if we consider the fact that Loreina's condition might worsen a lot because of these trials." "She'll definitely be able to complete all of those trials without a problem," said Vera soon after, though her expression remained "It seems we're not getting any sleep tonight." Devouring the remaining pieces of food on his plate, Faulus stood up and did a few solemn. "However, the earlier we enter the training grounds, the better Loreina's condition would be." "It seems we're not getting any sleep tonight." Devouring the remaining pieces of food on his plate, Faulus stood up and did a few basic stretches before taking out a few vials from his spatial bracelet. "Since that's the case, come get your stamina potions. Also, have some potions I've concocted that would allow you to stay awake for longer." "Let us split these remaining Key Fragments evenly among us." Grabbing some of the vials Faulus had taken out of his spatial bracelet, Valyr swiftly began to evenly distribute the eight remaining fragments among them, making sure that the attunement of the fragments they got were what they needed to enter the training grounds. "Once we get all of the fragments that we need, let's return here to redistribute them. After all, the fragments we get from the aberrations have random attunements." With the four of them telling one another to be careful, they all began to head in separate directions, though Faulus still opted to remain with Valyr. However, before the remaining two could move far away from the pair, the young man suddenly asked them a question that prompted them to head back. "Hey!" "Do you guys have any magic weapons you could perhaps spare?" Chapter 598: Four Pillars: A Night of Slaughter "I'm surprised I only thought about that while working on the scepter." Making his way to the territory he and Faulus had occupied earlier under the dim moonlight, Valyr recalled the thoughts he had while upgrading the scepter he was currently holding. Surprisingly, even though all four of them had the capability to fight using magic, only Hal had a magic weapon he could spare to Valyr, while the other three only brought the magic weapon that suited them the most. Then again, with how Hal could fight under most scenarios, it did not take long for him to think that the weapon the man gave him was something the former would only use if he was restricted to only using magic out of nowhere. Aside from that, Valyr was certain that Hal would mostly rely on his sword in his combat needs. After that, the four of them went off their separate ways, though Valyr told Faulus to go on ahead first since he still had to upgrade the new weapon he had gotten. Briefly shrugging his shoulders as he thought over Hal's reasons for not bringing the scepter to him for his mass upgrade session yesterday, the young man swiftly got to work. However, a thought suddenly surfaced in his mind not even a minute into upgrading the scepter. 'Should I use [Breath of Beginnings] on this?' asked the young man himself, commanding the system to bring up the artifact's description. 'After all, with the spear weakening me the longer I use it in combat, this scepter would essentially become my main weapon in this inheritance.' 'Though I don't know if the curse would also affect the scepter or not.' Briefly wishing to the heavens that the curse only applied to spears, the young man widely smiled as he saw the artifact's final skill available for usage. Swiftly activating the final skill of his artifact, Valyr went through the entire process of enhancement, refinement, as well as advancement as he upgraded the scepter's offensive capabilities. With almost all of his skills related to forging enhanced thanks to his ascension to Rank 3, it did not take long for the scepter to enter a new realm of power, which was bolstered even further with the young man's iconic attribute awakening skill. Utilizing [Greater Analysis] on the scepter as he gradually got closer to where he and Faulus were fighting against the aberrations, Valyr let out a brief chuckle as he hastened his pace even further. 'I guess the time dilation thing isn't all that bad.' Ding! [(+10) Arcane Scepter of Redemption] (Level 55) Rarity: Rare Foundation Tier: 1st Tier Attack: 541 - 901 Additional Attributes: > AGI + 51 > INT + 81 > WIS + 28 Originally a scepter forged for the purpose of becoming a back-up weapon for a talented individual, this weapon has been given a second life by an incredibly prodigious blacksmith. Tapping into the energy of the Hammer of Beginnings, the innate potential of the materials making up the scepter have all been brought out and refined even further, allowing it to become a weapon even veteran mages would want for themselves. <Innate Skill 1: Lesser Arcane Mastery - Reduces the user's mana consumption by 10%.> <Innate Skill 2: Arcane Bolt of Redemption - Allows the user to shoot out a bolt out of mana that deals 300% of the user's Attack stat. The bolt has the ability to bounce onto an enemy at most 5 meters away from the initial target, bouncing up to a maximum of 3 times. Cooldown: 15 seconds. Cost: 500 MP.> <Innate Skill 3: Second Arcane Wind - Allows the user to restore 80% of their mana pool in an instant. The user's mana regeneration rate is increased by 25% for 1 minute. Cooldown: 10 minutes.> Remarks: A weapon that greatly complements your abilities in the field of magic. Though the thought of using [Breath of Beginnings] on the scepter came out of nowhere, Valyr gradually came to understand where the thought had come from while making his way to where Faulus was. With how a day in this place equated to two weeks in the outside world, that more or less meant that he could activate [Breath of Beginnings] within the inheritance every 12 hours, with the action he had done while upgrading the scepter basically confirming that thought. "Now that I think about it, I could also probably use [Breath of Beginnings] on the other pieces making up my current armor set," muttered Valyr as he thought out loud. "Aside from increasing my defense even further, would it possibly do something to the new innate skill I got on the chestplate?" "Also…" Continuing on his train of thought, the young man briefly stopped in his tracks as the only accessory he had around his neck briefly glistened. "[Enlightenment]." Ding! "I could also use this opportunity to unlock more advancements without having to rely on Technology Points." Smiling as his necklace had unlocked an advancement with the tree's Innovation branch that was related to mana and magic, Valyr continued on his trek, arriving where Faulus was a few minutes later. … "To be honest, I thought you'd take a bit longer to finish upgrading." Sensing the presence of a new being within his vicinity, Faulus swiftly dealt with the aberration he was fighting against before turning around. Seeing that the new being was none other than Valyr, the alchemist faintly let out a sigh of relief as he whistled at the sight of the scepter the young man was wielding. Hearing Faulus' words, Valyr let out a chuckle. "Couldn't let you fight against all of those aberrations by yourself, you know? Especially after remembering how you reacted after the five of us saw our first aberration." "I was hoping you didn't bring that up." Faulus wryly smiled. "Anyways, I've already gotten my third Key Fragment in total, made a bit of headway to getting the fourth Key Fragment after that." "Got it." Valyr nodded, only to let out a sigh soon after. "I have a lot of catching up to do." "Either way, let's get those Key Fragments as quickly as possible," he continued, to which Faulus nodded in agreement. "The sooner we enter the Gates of Enlightenment's trial grounds, the better Loreina's condition would be when we eventually meet her." With that, the two of them distanced themselves from one another once more as they soon began to go on a killing spree against the aberrations. With the difference in stats and the experience they've accrued in combat, it could be said that there was no difference between the rate at which the two went through the aberrations in their respective territories. However, with Loreina's gradually worsening condition lingering in their minds, the two of them were more frenzied in their offensive against the aberrations, especially Valyr. Armed with a scepter that bolstered his Attack stat by a great degree, it went without saying that he mowed through all of the aberrations as if they were grass. In fact, most of the reason as to why his killing efficiency stayed consistent was due to [Second Arcane Wind], the innate skill that came with the scepter. Though, with the effects [Breath of Beginnings] had on items, he was certain he had awakened this skill during the upgrade process. On the other hand, Faulus' offensive against the aberrations was a bit more relaxed when compared to Valyr's barrage of fiery crimson blades. Nevertheless, with the tips he had obtained from Valyr in Eventually, by the time the sun had begun to peek out of the horizon, the two had finally obtained the 555 kills in total needed to their offensive against the aberrations earlier and the time he spent alone fighting the aberrations, the man had begun to pepper a few magic spells here and there, slowly mixing the physical with the arcane into his combat style. Eventually, by the time the sun had begun to peek out of the horizon, the two had finally obtained the 555 kills in total needed to obtain five Key Fragments from the aberrations, resting on ground untainted by blood for a bit before downing potions that continued to keep them awake. Taking some time to fulfill their body's daily needs, it was only then did the two begin to head back to the campsite, their speeds considerably increased thanks to Valyr casting [Feather Steps+] and [Lesser Lightweight] on both of them, which were the evolved versions of the support skills he had bought from the pavilion. "Apologies for taking longer than needed." With the two arriving at the campsite less than an hour later, a wry smile hung on Valyr's face as he saw that Vera and Hal were already at the campsite waiting for them. Seeing Valyr and Faulus appear at the campsite, both Vera and Hal had visible expressions of relief on their faces as the latter looked at Valyr with a slight smile. "You two really didn't take that long. I only arrived here around half an hour ago, while Vera here arrived twenty minutes after I did." "Glad to hear." Slightly grinning as he and Faulus sat near the two, all of them swiftly took out the Key Fragments they had collected from killing the aberrations, including the ones they had gotten from their first foray against them. As he counted the number of fragments they had pooled together, Valyr was about to say that they were still a few fragments short from forming four tokens. Fortunately, Vera and Hal had gotten another Key Fragment respectively during their skirmishes, prompting the young man to inwardly let out a sigh of relief. 'Since Loreina's already entered the trial ground, only fragments attuned to the three other classes appeared, huh.' Looking at the small pile of fragments before them, the four of them grabbed the Key Fragments attuned to their classes one by one, allowing the fragments they took to turn into tokens that fell into the ground. "Alright." Taking in a deep breath to compose himself, Valyr looked at the others before nodding as all of them thought of the same thing. After that, the four of them simultaneously grabbed the token that was attuned to their respective classes, their bodies soon being covered by a golden light. "See you guys on the other side." "Yeah. See you." Whoosh Chapter 599: Four Pillars: Training Grounds Disappearing from where he initially was, Valyr felt his body being transported to another place. Closing his eyes as he let the token take wherever it wanted him to go, the young man eventually felt his feet land on solid ground. Opening his eyes, the young man expected that he would be able to meet Loreina and the others again, with the former probably a bit worse for wear. Unfortunately, not even a couple seconds into him taking a look at his current surroundings, he had obtained an answer far opposite from his expectations. 'I'm the only one in this place, huh.' The young man sighed, opening up the party chat to ask the others whether or not they had appeared in the same place. Sadly, their responses only confirmed the fact that he was not alone in his current fate, with the others being separated into their own spaces as well. Taking a look at the place he had been teleported into, Valyr thought that Loreina's succinct description of the place barely gave it enough justice. Though the tailor was correct in saying that the place was incredibly barren, it would be better to say that the current landscape before him was barren to the point that it was eerie. Neither pebbles nor specks of dust could be seen across the ground, even though it had the texture and appearance of solid earth. Even putting in a bit of his strength into his kicks did not cause a cloud of dust to rise up, prompting the young man to feel that the current place was similar to the technologically advanced training grounds he had come across in the past. The only difference between those and the place he was currently in was the fact that the landscape and the skies extended far beyond his vision. Ding! Hearing a notification sound resound in his mind just as he had gotten a better idea of the place he was currently in, the young man went ahead and brought up a screen before him as he thought back to Loreina's string of messages once more. 'According to Loreina, after appearing in this place, we'd have to undergo through a trial in order to gain access to the Gates of Enlightenment's rewards.' 'And I'm assuming the number of trials one has to go through to obtain the rewards varies from person to person? After all, she did mention in one of her messages that she'd have to survive all of the trials that would be thrown her way.' Reading through the description written on the screen before him, Valyr raised his eyebrows in curiosity. [Gates of Enlightenment' Trial (2)] (Linked Quest) (Time-limited Quest) Difficulty: B The Gates of Enlightenment... description has been omitted. Of course, one must prove one's capability to enter the gates in the first place. ||Addendum: By killing the remnants of a forsaken age, you have undoubtedly proved that your capabilities are more than enough to be considered worthy of entering the Gates of Enlightenment. However, strength alone would not take you very far on your journey to greater power. One must also possess an unyielding spirit that seeks to achieve the nigh impossible. Only those with the necessary strength and willpower to push forward are eligible to obtain the truths the Gates of Enlightenment contain. And now, you have been given a chance to prove just that.|| Quest Objectives: > Survive the tribulation chosen by the Gates of Enlightenment (0/1) Quest Rewards: > Full eligibility to the Gates of Enlightenment > Access to the first level of the Gates of Enlightenment's Blacksmith Knowledge Repository > Access to Gates of Enlightenment' Trial (3) Quest Penalties: > Level - 1 > Teleportation to the inheritance's entrance [Note: This quest can only be obtained and completed within the Four Pillars' Inheritance. Leaving the inheritance is considered as forfeiting the quest.] 'Is this the information the Imperial Production Guild wants us to obtain?' Looking at the list of rewards he would get from completing the quest, Valyr briefly thought back to the conversations he had with the Ancestral Council, as well as with Julian regarding the goals they had in exploring the inheritance. 'I'm not sure whether a place like the Blacksmith Knowledge Repository would have access to the high-level technology they want us to get, but I'll still do it anyway.' Briefly shrugging his shoulders as he kept the negligible penalties of the quest in mind, the young man closed the screen he brought up, replacing it with the party chat not long after. 'After all, the technology here is the reason why I accepted in the first place.' After reading through the description of the second quest in greater detail, it was no surprise that the young man had asked others about the quests they've received, wanting to find whether he was the only one among them to have been given a single trial to complete. Thankfully, it did not take long for him to obtain a response from the others, with Hal telling him that he only needed to complete a single trial as well. As for Vera and Faulus, the two of them had been given three trials to complete according to their quests, which unsurprisingly prompted the latter among the two to curse to no end with how unfair it was. Though Valyr let out a faint chuckle in response to Faulus' reaction, he eventually sent a message that weighed in on the minds of the other four. "Ever since we forgone sleep to farm the remaining Key Fragments to enter this place, we haven't gotten another message from Loreina whatsoever. Do you think she was able to complete all of the trials she was given?" For a while, silence enveloped the entire party chat, with the four hoping that Loreina would reply to the question. However, before Valyr could even see the new message that had popped up in the chat screen, a familiar voice began to resound through the barren space he was in. 'The level of strength you wield in combat is enough to instill fear to most, if not all of your foes. The same could be said about your spirit, unyielding, never fearing any of the challenges that come your way.' 'Sadly, even talent beyond the greatest of geniuses are subjected to the rules of the Gates of Enlightenment.' 'Nevertheless, as you've already shown that you have what it takes to make the most out of the Gates of Enlightenment's knowledge, you shall only need to face the wrath of a single tribulation.' 'However, do not expect that such a tribulation would only be a trifling matter, for it shall assess whether you have created a solid foundation that would take you to the end,
