before placing it beside the pieces making up the Half Wyvern Armor, unfurling the knot around the bag in the process. "A few Half Wyvern Scales, a vial of Young Wyvern Blood, and a bit of Azure Iron Essence should do the trick." Taking out a few items out of the cloth bag, Valyr placed these items on a nearby table before shifting his gaze onto the pieces of Half Wyvern Armor, pondering over which piece he should upgrade first. "I guess you'd be the easiest to upgrade." Swiftly making his decision, he grabbed the vambraces before chucking them into the furnace, manipulating the furnace's temperature with his mana to make sure that the heating process would go without any mishaps. Sometime later, he grabbed the Azure Iron Essence he took out from the bag before placing it in the furnace as well, finding out sometime later that the furnace had the ability to have two spots inside it that had differing temperatures. "Neat." Making a note to himself that he would get his hands on an advanced furnace like the one in front of him someday, he went ahead and activated this new ability he had discovered the furnace had, infusing a considerable amount of mana in the process in order to make sure that the temperature of both spots would not bleed into each other. Thankfully, he had close to 4,000 points of mana on hand, which made the cost for him to maintain it negligible. Seeing that the heating process for both the vambraces and the Azure Iron Essence going smoothly, Valyr turned around in the hopes of passing the time by talking with Braum. Though, just as he had done so, he swiftly noticed that the man was nowhere to be found within the workshop, prompting him to wonder whether the man had left because he knew he was going to be stuck talking with him for a while, or if the man truly had something else to do. Briefly shrugging his shoulders at Braum's disappearance, Valyr turned his attention back to the furnace as he thought about some of the stuff he had going on, his mind soon pondering over other methods of travel he could gain access to in the future aside from teleportation. 'It would be nice if I could get a car or an airplane going on,' thought Valyr to himself, thinking about how nice it would be to just drive off to his destination at a speed far faster than what even a large carriage could achieve. Though, not long after, this image soon transformed into him moving through the skies of Veldanyr on an airplane, feeling that his travel time would be reduced to hours, if not minutes at most. 'Then again, I still have a long way to go if I want to do that.' Eventually, he stopped his train of thought, letting out a faint sigh as a bitter smile adorned his face. 'After all, I still have a lot of advancements to go through on the Innovation branch before I could even unlock the advancement that would allow me to forge an engine.' As he thought about how many advancements he still had to unlock before becoming capable of creating a car from scratch, he recalled the advancement the Necklace of Enlightenment had unlocked in the middle of their journey to Algerie Kingdom, which put him a step closer to leaving the Ancient Age advancements of the Innovation branch. Then, not long after, he recalled that he still hadn't submitted the weapons he had forged to the Blacksmith Guild in exchange for contribution points, deciding that he would head to the Blacksmith Guild to submit the weapons once he was done upgrading his armor. After waiting for a few more minutes, Valyr grabbed a pair of tongs from the rack of tools within the workshop before using them to take out the heated vambraces, as well as the heated Azure Iron Essence out of the furnace, placing the latter on top of the former as they laid flat on the anvil's surface. Hearing a faint sizzling sound resounding from the interaction between the Azure Iron Essence and the vambraces, Valyr swiftly grabbed a forging hammer before proceeding to meld the two together. "Alright. It's time to get to work." Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time. Chapter 319: Birth Of A Greater Armor Ttang! Ttang! Ttang! Bringing the forging hammer he held down onto the Azure Iron Essence above his vambraces, Valyr put all of his focus into spreading out the metal over the vambraces' surface, making sure that every nook and cranny was covered with the rare material. As he did this, he recalled the guide he followed in forging the Half Wyvern Armor set back then, setting his sights onto the steps that listed down how he could upgrade the separate pieces to the next tier. 'First, spread the Azure Iron Essence evenly over the front surface,' muttered Valyr to himself as he placed the vambrace and the rare metal into the furnace from time to time, increasing the heat within the furnace to make sure they would fuse properly. 'After that, lay the Half Wyvern Scales in a pattern that spreads out from the center of the armor piece, augmenting the defensive properties of the armor in certain areas.' 'Then, once all that is done, heat up the armor a bit before dropping a vial of Young Wyvern Blood on it, allowing the blood to seep into the armor, which would allow the latter to gain the blood's properties.' "Yeah. That doesn't seem too hard." Taking in a deep breath to compose himself as he affixed his gaze onto the furnace, Valyr then went over the upgrading process for the other pieces of armor, eventually finding the part of arranging the Half Wyvern Scales on the armor's surface tedious. Fortunately, with the eagerness he showed in upgrading his armor, the focus he placed in the process, and the overall calm he exuded as he took the vambrace out from the furnace and back on the anvil, the system decided to help him out a bit. Ding! [You have entered the Flow state.] Although the notification sound resounded in his mind, Valyr did not put any attention on it, instead focusing it all back on making sure that the vambrace and the Azure Iron Essence melded together. Though, if one looked closely as he worked on the vambrace, a faint smirk could be seen on the edge of his lips. Ttang! Ttang! Ttang! With purpose and intent behind each of his blows, the Azure Iron Essence on top of the vambraces gradually flattened out to cover the entire surface, taking on the slight details Valyr had placed on the vambraces' surface in the process. Eventually, after a couple more passes through the furnace and the forging hammer, the Azure Iron Essence had finally covered every inch of the vambraces' surface, causing Valyr to nod in satisfaction as he chucked the vambraces back into the furnace, prepping them for the next step. Staring at the furnace in silence for a bit, Valyr eventually shifted his gaze onto the advanced forging machinery that was in the workshop, realizing that he had not used any of them yet. A faint bitter smile briefly appearing on his face, he thought about what he was doing at the moment did not warrant the usage of the advanced machinery in any way, finding them more fitting for when he would forge weapons instead. Aside from that, he thought about how he had gotten used to forging with simple tools, finding the entire forging process more enjoyable since his control over the hammer dictated the quality of the resulting outcome. Surprisingly, by the time he shifted his attention back to the furnace, all of the tangential thoughts in his mind faded away, instead being replaced with thoughts related to the upgrading process as he took out the vambraces out of the furnace once more before placing it on top of the anvil, giving the vambraces a bit of time to cool down as he grabbed the Half Wyvern Scales he had picked out for this step of the process. Grabbing something from the rack of tools in the workshop that looked like an enlarged pair of tweezers, Valyr eventually returned in front of the vambraces with the item and the Half Wyvern Scales in tow, glancing at the vambraces for a bit to plan out where he would place the limited number of scales he had. Once he had an idea of his placement, he then held one of the scales with the enlarged tweezers before gently placing the first scale on the vambraces' surface, nudging it in a few areas to make sure that it was roughly in the center before setting it in place with a light tap of the forging hammer. As he prepared the second scale he would put on the vambrace, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief as the fear of messing up the placement of the first scale gradually disappeared. After that, he returned his focus once more on what he had to do, continuing to place the scales on the vambraces' surface that blended well with where the first scale was placed. Gradually, Valyr found a rhythm and pattern to work with while he was placing the scales, only noticing by the time he was halfway through the scales he had allocated for the vambraces that he had inadvertently formed a lattice pattern of scales on vambraces' surface. Faintly smiling at the realization, Valyr continued to place more scales on the vambraces, eventually dropping the enlarged tweezers in slight exhaustion and relief as he took a look at what he had done. The dull gray vambraces from before had now been replaced with one that shone a deep azure whenever light touched it, serving as a backdrop to the dark gray scales that were neatly spread throughout the vambrace. If one looked at the vambrace for long enough, one would think that the armor was mimicking how the skin of a wyvern looked to a certain extent, only for them to notice that deep inside the vambraces was the power of the exact creature they were thinking of. Chucking the modified vambraces into the furnace one last time, Valyr went ahead and infused a bit of mana into the furnace, setting the temperature within the furnace to a set level mentioned in the guide he was following, a temperature that would allow the Young Wyvern Blood to settle in properly within the armor. Attentively watching the modified vambraces reach the optimal temperature within the furnace for the final step of the upgrade process, a thought gradually surfaced within Valyr's mind, prompting him to think about the two blacksmith skills he had gained from the ascension, specifically the one that did not involve the creation of two new limbs. "[True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight]." Activating his new sight-related skill, Valyr shifted his gaze towards the vambraces within the furnace, wondering if he would see anything different, thinking of another skill he had used often back when he was a player as reference. [Blacksmith's Sight] had a description that was more or less similar to the description [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight], mentioning about how the skill allowed one to find the areas within the item being forged that were in disarray, giving one the ability to resolve them as long as they knew how to do so. Whenever that skill was activated, he would see thin lines of bright white sprawled all over the surface of the item, something he quickly realized was something [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] already gave him access to, only without making the lines obvious by highlighting the imperfections. With that, he grew more curious as to what kind of scene the skill would show him, only to be left at a loss for words as he took a few steps closer to the furnace, focusing all of his attention onto the item being heated up within it. Gone were the lines of imperfection [Blacksmith's Sight] had made obvious to him back then. Instead, [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] showed the vambraces covered in one unified color, with multiple areas having a color that stood out from the majority. With the sight before him, Valyr finally understood what the skill meant by its description, focusing his attention on one of the areas that was of a different color from everything else. The scales. Deciding to experiment a bit more, Valyr activated the hyperfocus ability [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] granted him in conjunction with [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight]. Surprisingly, the combination had worked, allowing him to see the areas of mismatch on the item in greater detail, prompting him to focus his attention once more on the scales. Though a great portion of the scales were still of a different color to the color that took over the majority of the vambraces, with the aid of the hyperfocus ability, Valyr was able to find out that the discoloration was gradually shrinking the longer the vambraces were in the furnace, prompting him to focus his attention onto other areas that were of a different color than the rest. Fortunately, those other areas were also being resolved the same way the discoloration on the scales were, gradually disappearing the longer the vambraces stayed in the furnace. With that, he stabilized the temperature within the furnace with a bit of his mana, giving the discoloration time to go away before removing the modified vambraces out of the furnace to proceed with the final step of the upgrade. Pulling out the stopper from the vial of Young Wyvern Blood he held, Valyr then allowed the blood to slowly trickle down onto the surface of the vambrace, which didn't sizzle off into blood vapor, surprisingly. Instead, it spread through the grooves between the Half Wyvern Scales he had placed out, gradually melding with the Azure Iron Essence underneath as it slowly took on a crimson tone. Eventually, by the time all of the Young Wyvern Blood within the vial had been dispersed throughout the vambraces… Ding! [You have successfully modified the armor 'Half Wyvern Vambraces'.] [Due to the immense modification done, the armor has gained the ability to tap into a far greater expanse of power it initially couldn't, thus increasing the armor's rarity to Rare+.] [Thanks to this change, its name has been changed to 'Refined Young Wyvern Vambraces'.] Chapter 320: A Grade Above Hearing the string of notification sounds go off inside his mind, Valyr went ahead and brought up his notifications in front of him, his eyebrows raised in curiosity as his gaze was focused on the name of the upgraded vambraces, as well as the increased rarity of it. "Rare+…" Muttering out the rarity the system had affixed to his newly improved vambraces, it surprisingly did not take long for Valyr to figure out the reason behind it, continuing to maintain a tranquil yet efficient mind throughout the whole process as he inwardly nodded in agreement at his conclusion. "The effect of [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight]." From what Valyr could remember from the guide he was following, each step that involved an upgrade in rarity would only result in an increase of a minor grade, which was equivalent to having an item go from a rarity that had a plus mark, to the next rarity above it, such as going from Common+ to Uncommon grade. Yet, due to the fact that he had triggered the effect of [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight], which involved making sure that all of the materials making up the equipment were in harmony, the upgrade, which was originally supposed to give him an increase of one minor grade in rarity, instead gave him two. "Does this mean that if I go through the second round of upgrading and the effect triggers again, the rarity will increase by a full grade again?" Though the thought of having armor of high rarity at such a relatively low level was quite enticing to Valyr, a slight frown lingered on his face as he thought about how the effect of [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] would affect his Half Wyvern Armor set in the long run. If it did not interfere in the upgrade process and only resulted in the final armor being a rarity or two above the intended rarity, then Valyr did not find it a nuisance, instead finding it a great blessing. However, if the activation of the skill stopped Valyr from reaching the final step of the guide… "Haah…" Letting out a faint sigh as he imagined the possibility of the latter happening, Valyr eventually shrugged his shoulders as he thought to himself that there was nothing he could do if that happened. Of course, he could always forgo the usage of [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] while he upgraded the armor set to its higher rarities, but he felt like doing such a thing would be a great disservice since, to him, it seemed like he was limiting it from reaching its full potential. With that, he decided to think of the second round of upgrading from a more relaxed perspective, thinking to himself that whether or not [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] activates once more, he would still follow through all of the remaining steps listed on the guide. "How insane would it be to have a set of Epic+ grade armor though?" Entertaining the possibility of the skill activating once more to increase the resulting item's rarity by an additional minor grade, Valyr went ahead and used [Analysis] on the newly improved vambrace, his eyes briefly widening in surprise as he looked through its description. "Considering how vambraces give less defense than a chestplate, this is surprising." Ding! [(+10) Refined Young Wyvern Vambraces (Emulation)] (Level 20) Rarity: Rare+ Defense: 36 - 60 Additional Attributes: > VIT +11 > DEX + 24 Forged by a true prodigy in the field of blacksmithing, these vambraces were inspired by the Empyrean Dragon Armor of legends, with the blacksmith hoping that part of the legendary armor's strength could be emulated. Utilizing the subpar imitation the blacksmith had already forged in the past in the image of the legendary artifact as a base, the blacksmith had layered rarer and stronger materials on top of it, allowing the armor to emulate a greater portion of its strength. Nevertheless, it is still a far cry from the real thing. Although it's an improvement from the incredibly subpar imitation its base had achieved, this version of the armor is an item that could be considered an heirloom of a large clan with the strength it allows one to tap into. Yet, just like its base, great potential still slumbers within the vambraces, the possibility of it reaching a level of strength close to the Empyrean Dragon Armor now being greater than ever before. <Innate Skill 1: Refined Grandeur of the Young Wyvern - Thanks to the power of Young Wyvern Blood infused within the armor, which has been amplified by the unity of all the equipment's materials, the level requirement for the armor has been reduced by 4 levels.> <Innate Skill 2: Refined Wyvern's Breath - Allows the user to shoot out a wave of flames in front of them, targeting all enemies within a 8 meter radius, dealing damage equivalent to 300% of the user's Attack stat. Also inflicts Burn damage that deals 25% of the user's Attack stat every second, lasting for 10 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes. Cost: 1,000 MP.> <Refined Young Wyvern Set | 1/6> Set Effects: - 2 pieces: Attack and Defense +15% - 3 pieces: HP +1,200 and MP +800 - 4 pieces: Damage Increase and Damage Reduction +15% - 6 pieces: All stats +6 Reading through the description of the newly improved vambraces, though Valyr was already expecting an increase in quality once the upgrade process was successful, the knowledge of knowing the equipment would undergo an improvement was still different from seeing it first-hand, considering that the piece of armor before him was one minor grade higher than originally intended. "Since this innate skill upgraded, I can enhance this armor to Level 30 and I'd still be able to equip it." Focusing his attention on the first innate skill that had been improved thanks to the upgrade process, Valyr's eagerness to see the entire set fully upgraded had gone through the roof, the fire of motivation inside him burning with ever greater fervor. With that, he went ahead and continued upgrading the five other pieces that made up the Half Wyvern Armor set he previously wore, all of them successfully being upgraded to the Refined Young Wyvern Armor set by the time a few hours had passed. … "I wonder if he's still upgrading his armor…" Deciding to leave Valyr off on his own earlier since he knew he'd be stuck in the private workshop for hours if he did not leave while he still had the chance, Braum muttered his thoughts out loud as he made his way to where Valyr was, wondering how the latter was faring after a few hours had passed. "Sure enough, he still is." Eventually, by the time he was only a couple dozen meters away from the workshop's door, he heard the faint sound of metal tapping against metal from time to time, which only grew louder the closer he got. By the time he was at the entrance, the sound had become considerably loud, echoing throughout the room as he felt the workshop quake for a second. Curious as to what was going on, Braum decided to head inside, instantly feeling the increase in ambient temperature as he felt the furnace at the far end of the workshop do its thing as he noticed a piece of armor placed in the center of it. Shifting his gaze, he eventually found Valyr slaving away in front of the anvil, making his way towards the latter to find out what the man was doing. Once in front
