one. "[Perennial Blade Arts]." "[Perpetual Crescent]." Chapter 344: Soloing The Second Wave Swoosh! "Huh." With his mouth slightly agape, Valyr watched the aura Myst was emanating undergo a massive strength boost within seconds, with her blade being shrouded in a piercing white light not long after as she swung it in a wide horizontal arc, an apt response to the monsters that were nearing her. Though the damage she was dealing was a far cry from the damage Valyr's [Tide of the Dark Night] was able to dish out, only achieving damage into the four digits instead of five, it was still more than enough damage to kill the Level 15 monsters that came into contact with the [Perpetual Crescent] Myst had unleashed… Which only grew larger as time passed. With every passing second, the arc of white light grew to a larger size, allowing it to render more monsters dead within the same amount of time. At this sight, Myst briefly stood where she was, taking in a deep breath as she watched the arc of white light do its thing before proceeding to another section of the second wave. Seeing this, Valyr watched the entire scene unfold in front of him in silence for a bit before the gears in his mind started to fully turn, allowing him to realize what was going on. 'Since she's heading to another part of the monster tide, then that means…' "[Perpetual Crescent]!" Swoosh! Appearing a fair distance away to the left of the first arc of white light she had unleashed, Myst slashed out in a wide horizontal arc once more, causing yet another arc of white light to appear on the battlefield, which seemed to be the scythe of the grim reaper from the perspective of the monsters. However, at the very moment Myst had unleashed a second [Perpetual Crescent], many of the defenders at the frontlines, waiting for Damian's signal to charge and fight, could not help but recall the scene that had transpired just a couple minutes earlier, recalling the tyranny Valyr's attack had over the first wave when compared to what they were seeing at the moment. "I knew it." With Myst unleashing a second [Perpetual Crescent] right in front of them, Valyr's suspicions had been confirmed, causing a bitter smile to appear on his face as he compared the skill he had unleashed earlier to the skill in front of him right now. In terms of destructiveness, Valyr felt like [Tide of the Dark Night] and [Perpetual Crescent] were both at a high level, considering that both skills were able to wipe out a great number of monsters in just a single move. Unfortunately, unlike [Tide of the Dark Night], which aimed to spread like wildfire and engulf every monster it came across, [Perpetual Crescent] had a limit on how much it could expand, not even taking up a tenth of the area Valyr's skill could cover. But where [Tide of the Dark Night] shone in being able to cover a large area, [Perpetual Crescent] made up for it with its insane longevity. Puchi! Puchi! Puchi! Although it had already been a few minutes since Myst had unleashed first [Perpetual Crescent], the arc of white light was still there, cutting the Level 15 monsters horizontally into two as five of these arcs now roamed the battlefield. At this point, thoughts of Myst being weaker than Valyr had already been dispelled in the minds of the people that thought about it in the first place, instead thinking that the two of them were just specializing in two different aspects of combat. Seeing as Myst more or less had the second wave under control on her own, working in tandem with the arcs of white light she had unleashed by killing any monsters that made it past them with her blade, Valyr decided to take a look at Myst's stats through [Analysis], curious as to how strong she has gotten in order for her to dish out that much damage. Ding! [Myst Verielle] (Level 25) Class: Gale Blade (Rank 1 — Uncommon) Subclass: Perennial Blademaster (Epic) Power Level: C++ HP: 1,359/1,359 MP: 235/567 Stats: 88 (107) VIT, 118 (149) STR, 170 (216) AGI, 126 (159) DEX, 45 INT, 44 WIS, 44 PER, 32 LUK Remarks: A monster in her own right. Has the ability to fight Rank 2 class holders to a standstill. You're still more monstrous, though. 'Wait a second…' While looking through the screen of information that had appeared in front of his field of vision, Valyr's attention eventually focused on a certain line of text that caused him to raise his eyebrows in curiosity. 'She was already able to upgrade her subclass to Epic grade?' As far as he could remember, he had given Alfaera the Subclass Change Scroll that contained the Perennial Blademaster subclass around a month ago, who gave it to Myst as she was better suited to be called the village's guardian. However, he was certain that the Perennial Blademaster subclass started off at Rare grade, only having the potential to evolve to Epic and Legendary grade later down the line. 'So you're telling me that she was able to upgrade her subclass to Epic grade within a month?' At this thought, a slightly stupefied smile crept up onto Valyr's lips as he shook his head. 'Crazy.' 'In any case, I'm surprised she's still pushing the second wave back, considering how clunky the Supreme Astarto Defense Armor set is.' Closing up the screen he had brought up, Valyr watched Myst continue to fight against the monsters of the second wave, unleashing a few other techniques from the [Perennial Blade Arts] from time to time to make sure she still had the upper edge. "Now that I think about it, did you awaken the attributes on the armor set Myst is wearing, Tristan?" As he continued to watch Myst fight against the monsters, noticing that she was slowly but surely losing her ground against the monsters, Valyr turned to look at Tristan before asking him a question. "Pretty sure I only enhanced the armor up to Level 20, as well as the blade she's using at the moment." Tristan briefly scratched his head. "I think I also refined all of them to the highest level they could go, but that's pretty much all I did… I think." "Is that so?" Nodding in response, Valyr turned to look back at the battlefield before letting out a faint sigh, prompting Tristan to think that there was a reason behind the question. "Is there anything wrong?" With that, Tristan posed a question to the young man, to which the latter shook his head in response. "Not really. But…" "But… what?" "Well… you'll see." Chapter 345: It's Berserking Time "Graaaoooo!!!" Although it had already been around ten minutes or so since the second wave had begun, with Myst doing her best to keep the entire wave in check all this time, the limits of her strength finally started to become apparent at this moment, with a far greater number of monsters now able to slip past her and charge their way towards the frontlines. "Agh!" Nevertheless, even though she felt like almost all of the energy inside her body had been spent, Myst still slashed out at the monsters that got past her, sending out a blade of white light that was barely enough to kill the stragglers, keeping the status quo. "I think I've found my limit." Catching her breath as she watched the battlefield before her, Myst noticed that the power behind the five [Perpetual Crescents] she had sent out earlier was now less than half than what it was at first. Though it was still more than enough to kill the monsters it came in contact with in one hit, the speed at which these arcs of white light traversed the battlefield was significantly slower than before, allowing her to realize why it was gradually becoming more and more difficult to keep the monsters in check. Letting out a low sigh, she turned around to look at the defenders at the frontlines, eventually focusing her gaze on Valyr and the others. After a couple of seconds, Myst noticed Valyr nod at her, which caused her to nod back in response as she had a feeling she knew what the young man was conveying through the nod. "I hope my hunch is right." Taking in a deep breath, Myst turned around to face the wave of monsters once again. Then, letting out a loud roar, the white light surrounding her blade grew brighter than ever before as she felt energy well up in her body. After that, she raised her blade up into the sky before slashing down in one swift motion, causing a column of monsters to swiftly disappear from existence. At that moment, the monsters that seemed to have gained hope in being able to break past the young woman fighting against them had lost it once more. After all, it seemed that she still had more left in the tank. "[Perennial Blade Arts]." "[Ephemeral Slash]." … "I see what you mean now." Noticing that some of the monsters Myst was pushing back had finally been able to break past her, Tristan had a look of realization on his face as he shifted his gaze towards Valyr, his expression turning into a solemn frown not long after. "So, what now?" "What else?" Valyr shrugged his shoulders in response, turning his head to look at the man that had been watching the fight unfold all this time. "Damian, I think it's about time." "I had a feeling." Damian nodded in agreement, letting out a faint sigh not long after. "Though I'm sure Myst could still last for a bit longer, I don't want to lose a strong member of the regiment from such a stupid decision." "But more importantly, I don't want to lose a member of the village like this." Taking in a deep breath, Damian infused his mana into his voice in preparation for the order he was about to give to the others at the frontlines. However, just as the first word barely escaped the man's mouth, Damian was forced to stop as he felt someone placed a hand on his shoulder, causing him to turn around to see who it was. "Mind if I give it a shot?" As the question escaped Tristan's mouth, an eager grin appeared on the man's face while looking at Damian. "You sure?" Unsurprisingly, Damian did not reject the idea outright, instead asking his good friend if he was certain with his decision. "Relax." In response, Tristan let out a light cackle. "I may not be as strong as Valyr here, but I'm still a Rank 2 class holder, you know?" "Plus, my hands have been itching for action for quite some time already." Saying these words, Tristan clenched his fists in slight excitement as he raised them up. "Especially since I want to see how much of a difference these metal gloves Valyr made me would make." "Haah…" Listening to Tristan's explanation, Damian eventually let out a low sigh as he looked back at him. "Pretty sure you'd still go there even if I say no, right?" "You know me very well." Tristan laughed in response to the question as he nodded. "Go and give them hell, I guess." With that, Damian shrugged his shoulders as he gave Tristan the freedom to move out into the battlefield. "Just make sure to not get too caught up in fighting." "But that's what makes it fun!" Grinning, Tristan nodded as he soon dashed at the fastest speed he could muster, prompting those at the frontlines still waiting for orders to focus their attention on the new person to arrive at the battlefield. Of course, Myst also took note of Tristan's appearance in the battlefield while she continued to push the monsters back as much as she could, causing her to let out an inward sigh of relief as she felt like she would finally be able to take a break. With the thought lingering in her mind, Myst decided to push herself just a bit longer, hoping that Tristan would be more than ready to take her place. "[Battle Mania]!" With a loud shout, Tristan's body started to glow a faint red as his eyes gained a slight crimson hue to them. Not long after, the faint light surrounding him swiftly transformed into a billowing flame, turning into a manifestation of his nature as a Battle Junkie as it gradually grew stronger the closer he got to the horde of monsters. "Let's do this!" Letting out a loud cackle, he eventually ended up beside Myst, sending out a few punches around their immediate surroundings to give the latter some time to rest. Unsurprisingly, Myst took the chance as soon as possible, retreating a few steps back before thanking him as she caught her breath. In response, Tristan nodded with a smile before turning to look back at the monsters before him, his expression quickly turning serious as he clenched his fists as tightly as possible. Just as faint cracks resounded from his fists the tighter he clenched them, the translucent billowing flame surrounding him grew in intensity, only to reach its peak as he sent both of his fists out. "[Pinnacle Blow]!" Chapter 346: A Swift Clearing When comparing the various combat styles that had been shown during the current monster tide, Valyr greatly focused on dealing a great amount of damage through his skills, specializing in burst attacks. On the other hand, Myst focused on longevity, giving her the ability to deal a moderate yet still lethal amount of damage over a long period of time. Though both of these combat styles had their own advantages and disadvantages when it came to the battlefield, with one shining in short fights while the other shone in fights of attrition, there was one that did not shine in terms of duration, but instead in terms of the number of enemies one fought against. A combat style that gradually dealt more damage as time passed. Tristan's combat style. Naturally, this combat style was highly reliant on his Battle Junkie subclass, specifically the [Battle Mania] skill he had access to, which allowed him to build up power the more enemies he killed. In terms of the duration of fights the combat style specializes in, Tristan's combat style leaned more towards favoring longer battles more. On the other hand, in terms of combat power, his combat style could achieve a great amount of damage similar to the burst attack combat style, especially after netting enough kills. Of course, a combat style like his also had its own disadvantages, such as not being able to show one's full potential in a short fight, or not being able to reach a high level of strength against a singular foe. Nevertheless, it was still the combat style Tristan swore upon, thinking of his subclass as just an extension of his ideology. After all, to him, the greatest combat style was the style that allowed him to thrive in battle. Bang! Punching both of his fists out with great force, the translucent billowing flame surrounding his body moved in response, traveling through his extended arms before turning into a pair of translucent fists that headed in a singular direction, the force behind the fists gradually growing stronger the more monsters it killed. "It definitely feels nice to be fighting again." Allowing the energy from the kills to course through his body as the billowing flame surrounding him gradually grew in intensity, Tristan closed his eyes for a bit before grinning, only to move to another section not long after as he sent out yet another [Pinnacle Blow]. Bang! In terms of how many monsters Tristan's skill was able to kill, it sorely lacked even when compared to Myst's [Perpetual Crescent]. However, with the number of kills he had under in his belt continuing to accumulate, the power behind his skill grew in kind, with the fifth [Pinnacle Blow] he had sent out showing everyone watching the fight unfold something they didn't expect. Boom! After mowing down through a great number of monsters that made up the second wave, as if it had a mind of its own, the translucent fists Tristan had sent out seemed to have realized that they had finally gotten deep within the horde, which prompted the energy that they still had within them to burst out in one go. Not even an instant after, a dome of energy similarly colored to the billowing flames surrounding Tristan's body appeared in the center of the second wave, causing a great portion of the monsters that had just barely missed the dome of terrifying energy to run back to the main tide, the fear of death controlling their bodies once more. "[Perpetual Crescent]." Puchi! Puchi! Puchi! Unfortunately, after having been given enough time to rest and replenish her energy, Myst joined in the fight once more, deciding to focus on killing off the monsters that had the intent to return to the main tide while also helping Tristan kill the remaining monsters that made up the second wave. "Guess it's time for me to go all out." Of course, Tristan was glad to have Myst fighting together with him, causing a large grin to appear on his face as he let out a loud cackle soon after. Rubbing his fists, he then allowed the energy within his body to accumulate before sending out in one go, punching out multiple times as translucent fists soon bombarded the battlefield, killing all the monsters that came in contact with it. "[Raging Barrage]!" "[Eternal Severing Array]!" Wanting to match the energy Tristan had shown during the fight, Myst decided to unleash a move that she had kept for purposes like these, being a skill that Riekan had helped her unlock after she had ascended her Perennial Blademaster subclass to Epic grade. Thud! Embedding her blade into the ground, with only a quarter of it being able to go through, Myst soon knelt on the ground as the piercing white light surrounding her blade earlier appeared once more, its energy spreading through the ground like wildfire while illuminating the paths it took. Naturally, the monsters that had come across the white paths wondered to themselves as to where the white paths had come from, not feeling any malicious intent from them. However, just as their danger senses had alerted them to move away from the paths, it was already too late, with blades made out of white energy appearing out of the ground like spikes, killing monsters en masse. "Now that's more like it!" Seeing the move Myst had unleashed in response to the barrage of fists he sent out, Tristan let out yet another cackle as he continued to keep up the current energy they had, allowing them to start pushing the monsters back before proceeding to whittle their numbers down. Eventually, with Tristan's attacks growing more lethal the more he fought, and with Myst supporting him through the [Eternal Severing Array] she unleashed, the second wave had eventually become a thing of the past, finally giving the two some time to rest as they looked at each other with tired expressions, satisfied smiles appearing on their faces not long after. Rumble… "Oh, you've got to be kidding me…" With the ground rumbling not even a minute after the two had successfully cleared out the second wave, Tristan and Myst looked at each other with bitter smiles, thinking to themselves whether to retreat and have the others fight them or stay where they were and fight once more as the monsters making up the third wave were already on their way. "Hey there. Mind if I join?" Fortunately for them, as if already expecting such a situation to happen once the second wave was cleared, a young man had appeared before the two and flashed a slight grin at them, which made them simultaneously let out inward sighs of relief. "Be our guest," said Tristan in response with a tired chuckle. "We're utterly spent out here." "Get that well-needed rest, then." In response, Valyr nodded before chuckling as well. "We're gonna need all of the energy we can muster for the last couple of waves, after all." After saying these words, Valyr took a few steps forward, distancing himself from the two before taking in a deep breath as the expression on his face turned solemn. Then, extending his spear outward, he swung it in an upward arc, causing a wave of dark energy to appear on the battlefield once more. "[Tide of the Dark Night]." Chapter 347: The Deadly Trio Whoosh! Similar to what had transpired earlier during the first wave, a wave of dark energy appeared in response to the activation of Valyr's skill, though the size of the wave this time around was considerably smaller than it was earlier. This was due to the fact that he had activated the skill without activating any buffing skills beforehand, which Valyr had no problem with. After all, the power behind the attack was still more than enough to clear out the third wave. "Graaaooo!!!" Surprisingly, rather than flee from the sight of the dark wave that had killed their comrades from the first wave, the monsters that were directly in the trajectory of the dark tide seemed to have gained determination out of nowhere as they gave off the feeling that they would try to disperse the dark tide no matter what. Naturally, Valyr and the others noticed how the monsters did not turn tail and run back to the main tide, instead wanting to face against the wave of dark energy head on as they all let out beastly roars with all their might. From the energy they were giving off in response to the dark tide, the defenders at the frontlines felt like the monsters had a chance to disperse the tide of death for a second, considering that the monsters making up the
