he then began to hammer the two materials flat, kickstarting the process in forging a replica of the Hammer of Primeval Origins. Chapter 463: Forming The Alloy Ttang! Ttang! Ttang! At the very moment Valyr began to hammer the Refined Mithril and the Hardened Manafrost into the shapes he desired, a great portion of the audience had instantly shifted their attention towards the young man, curious as to what his initial steps were in order to gain an idea on the artifact that he wanted to emulate. With a considerable portion of the audience being made up of blacksmiths affiliated with the Blacksmith Guild, around half of them looked at what the young man was doing with a solemn expression on their faces, their eyes now fixated on Valyr's every movement as the sound of metal clashing against metal reverberated throughout the main hall. As for the other half of the blacksmiths and the remaining part of the audience that had no clue as to what Valyr was doing, the former group asked the more knowledgeable blacksmiths in their surroundings regarding Valyr's decision, causing almost all of them to go silent once they got an idea on how hard it would be for them to work with the materials the young man was working with. On the other hand, the latter group mostly remained clueless, with some feigning a superficial level of understanding after listening to the more knowledgeable blacksmiths explain what the young man was doing. Nevertheless, with these people only coming to watch the forging duel as entertainment, almost all of them did not see the significance in Valyr's actions, deciding to switch between the two from time to time. … "Refined Mithril and Hardened Manafrost…" With the materials she had chucked first into her furnace still a couple of minutes away from reaching their optimal forging temperatures, Theraldine decided to take a look at what Valyr was doing after noticing the latter take out a couple of materials from his furnace. Unsurprisingly, just like how the knowledgeable blacksmiths within the crowd had gone silent after seeing what the young man was working with, the young woman's expression had turned serious as well, watching the young man hammer out the two materials into flat sheets before stacking them on top of one another with a pair of tongs. After that, she watched Valyr hammer the stacked sheets a bit more, instantly figuring out his intent of wanting the properties of the two materials to fuse and resonate as he eventually placed the combined stack back into the furnace for it to get to optimal temperature once more. "Is he going to make a replica of a magic artifact?" Seeing as a bit of time would pass before Valyr would make another move, Theraldine began to ponder over the possible artifacts the young man had chosen to emulate as she took out her own materials from the furnace, neatly placing all of them on the anvil. Ttang! Ttang! Ttang! Then, using the forging hammer she always used when forging special equipment, she began to hammer the heated materials into the shapes she desired, circulating a bit of mana through her hammer as the temperature within her station gradually rose by a couple of degrees in response. "Well, whatever artifact he may have chosen, it definitely wouldn't be as good as emulating the Infernal Hammer." With these words lingering in her mind, she proceeded to put all of her focus in bringing out the fiery energy contained within the materials, preparing them in advance for the steps that were about to come. … "Mngh…" With the combined Refined Mithril and Hardened Manafrost glowing a bright yellow-orange once more, Valyr went ahead and grabbed the tongs he was provided for the duel before using it to fold the stack onto itself. Though the process had become somewhat easy thanks to the materials becoming pliable under the heat, it still took a great portion of his strength, as well as a bit more heat from the furnace, before he was eventually successful in doing so. Clang! "I'll have to fold the material onto itself one more time before adding Purified Skysteel into it." Taking out the folded stack from the furnace and dropping it on the anvil once more, Valyr began to hammer the rough alloy into a flat plate once more, infusing a bit more strength into his every strike compared to earlier. "After that, I'll fold the material two more times before adding Purified Aquastone." "Then, after a couple more folds after I add in the Aquastone, I'll add Purified Terra Essence, with Purified Pyresteel being the last thing I add into the alloy a few folds after the Terra Essence." Going over the process of creating the alloy he thought that would be capable of handling the energy of the four elements in unison, a wry smile gradually crept up the young man's face as he realized then and there that it would take quite some time for him to successfully create the final alloy. "Huu…" Taking in a few deep breaths to compose himself, Valyr soon put all of his concentration into the alloy he was creating, swiftly hammering down the alloy to a thickness that would allow him to fold the alloy on itself once more. Placing the folded and flattened alloy back into the furnace, the young man decided to throw in the materials he had listed down earlier into the furnace to get them up to optimal forging temperature in advance. With that, he also placed the materials he would need for the first step of the forging process inside the furnace, placing them closer to the source of the heat as they needed far more heat to reach their ideal temperatures. With all of that said, Valyr began to move in a pattern that consisted of him waiting for the alloy to reach the ideal temperature, folding the alloy on itself once it did, and then hammering it down flat before proceeding to do it all over again. With the alloy being folded on itself two times so far, the young man added Purified Skysteel into the alloy after flattening it out, only to hammer the whole thing down to a certain thickness before chucking the whole thing into the furnace again. As for Theraldine, she had fallen into some sort of pattern as well, consisting of her chucking in materials into her furnace, waiting for it to get to its ideal temperature before taking it out and hammering it out the shape she needed for the forging process. While doing so, she would use her mana to coax the energy from deep within the materials to arise, causing the temperature in her surroundings to continue climbing higher and higher. With both sides more or less fully engrossed in what they were doing as the sounds of forging echoed throughout the main hall, the crowd watched as both Valyr and Theraldine worked on their respective items, seeing them gradually progress through it as more and more time passed. Eventually, by the time the sun had moved past its zenith, one of the two put their hammer to the side as they looked at the item that was in front of them with a satisfied smile, wiping out the sweat that covered their entire forehead in the process. "Finally." "It's done." "Time to move onto the first step." Chapter 464: Boundless Origin Alloy ?α?dαs| ? "Hyup." Wiping off the bits of dirt that stuck onto his hand as he placed the final material for the first step into the furnace, Valyr nodded in satisfaction. "As long as I keep the heat at a temperature that's slightly lower than optimal, I'll have more than enough time to work with all of the elements needed for the first step." "In any case, creating the alloy was a lot of work." Letting out a low sigh as he sat down on a chair, Valyr grabbed his portion of food that had been provided for the two of them during the forging duel and began to stuff his mouth with it. "Having to make sure that the materials corresponding to the four elements were fully separated definitely took up most of the time I used to create it." "Well, aside from having to wait for it to reach its optimal temperature, of course." While mulling over the entire process of creating the replica of the Hammer of Primeval Origins from scratch once more, Valyr eventually finished the food he was eating, giving him the necessary energy to continue with his work. Deciding to make use of the time he had while idly waiting for the materials in the furnace to reach the right temperature, Valyr took a look at the alloy he had forged for the third step in closer detail, activating the hyperfocus ability attached to [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] in the process. "There's still a lot of imperfections on the surface," muttered the young man to himself, briefly scratching the back of his head as he thought that now was a good time to fix it. "Aside from that, I haven't even checked the alloy through [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] and checked if the entire alloy was in one cohesive form." "[True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight]." Taking in a deep breath, he then proceeded to activate his other imperfection searching skill alongside [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], allowing him to see every minute detail on and within the alloy he had forged that seemed to be out of place. "Yeesh. And I thought I was already thorough without it." In an instant, Valyr was greeted by the sight of the alloy containing multiple areas on its surface and within its internals that were of a different color from the majority. However, unlike the previous times where he had used [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] to look at the imperfections of his previous works, the mismatched colors he could see through the skill had instead taken on the color of a specific element, prompting him to wonder whether the imperfection was due to an imbalance in the elements. "Well, whatever it may be, it wouldn't sit well with me for the alloy to be this rough." With his mind set on refining the alloy even further, the young man chucked it into the furnace without hesitation before proceeding to stoke the flames, increasing the heat to a temperature that it would rarely operate in. Keeping his eyes on the alloy with both skills activated, Valyr watched as the mismatched colors across the alloy began to disappear under the heat of the furnace, eliciting a slight relieved smile on his face to appear as he also kept the other materials he had thrown into the furnace in mind. "Ah!" Seeing that some of the mismatched colors had returned on the alloy after being exposed to heat for a prolonged time, the young man swiftly took out the alloy with a pair of tongs and plopped it onto the anvil, focusing on the imperfections on its surface by hammering it down. Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!dαs `n?ν?| сom Under the rhythmic noise of his hammering, more and more of the mismatched colors on the alloy gradually disappeared under his vision, causing Valyr to be glad as the alloy was transforming into one cohesive material. Repeating the process of heating the alloy and hammering its imperfections a couple more times, the alloy eventually showed one cohesive color under the young man's gaze, prompting him to grin as he inwardly let out a sigh of relief. 'With how thorough I've been in making sure that the material was harmonious from all sides, I'm certain that the chances of me being able to successfully emulate the Hammer of Primeval Origins has increased.' Sitting down to take a quick break as he watched Theraldine do her own thing, Valyr went through a couple of things in his mind regarding the forging process. 'Perhaps, it would even allow me to emulate more of the artifact's original properties.' 'Now that I think about it, I based this alloy off of the alloy she used to create the Hammer of Primeval Origins.' As this thought lingered in his mind, Valyr recalled Theraldine from his past life, vividly remembering her working with an alloy that had features similar to the alloy he was making, but better in all aspects. 'However, she didn't bother naming the alloy, even though it could be used in far more equipment than just the hammer.' 'Hmm… should I give it a name, then?' Pondering over the question for a bit, Valyr eventually decided to do so, wanting to flex his naming sense as he thought long and hard over the perfect name that would encapsulate the alloy's properties. 'Since it was made to hold the energy of four elements at once, it could be said that the alloy has a large capacity when it comes to storing or handling energy. Adding limitless or boundless would definitely fit its name.' 'Aside from that, its original purpose is to act as the main material for what would eventually become the Hammer of Primeval Origins, so it would only make sense if I were to add something to the name that signified its relation to the artifact.' Briefly glancing at the furnace, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he continued to think. 'Then again, it could also be said that the alloy has something to do with the four elements…' 'Limitless… Primeval Origin… Boundless…' "Huh. Boundless Origin Alloy as a name doesn't sound half bad." Feeling the thoughts in his mind eventually click, Valyr had a proud smile on his face as he became satisfied with the name he had come up with. Taking a quick look at the alloy that now went under a new name, he then shifted his gaze back to the furnace, noticing that one of the materials was ready to be taken out from the furnace. "Alright." "Time to actually move onto the first step." Chapter 465: Visitor From Distant Lands Whilst both Theraldine and Valyr were hard at work in forging their respective artifact replicas, Julian watched the two from an area that allowed him to look at the entire main hall with a proud smile on his face, his expectations regarding the proficiency of the two towards forging more than subverted. Whoosh! Whoosh! "You know, you could've just informed me you two were arriving instead of deciding to show up out of nowhere." Though he sensed the presences of two people appearing behind him, the middle-aged man did not bother turning his head around to look at them, instead speaking at them with an amused smile on his face. "You know, we were hard at work forging a couple of masterwork weapons for the empire's higher-ups, right?" In response to Julian's words, one of the two people, a man that looked to be in his early thirties, placed his hand on his forehead as he shook his head with a sigh. "If not for the fact that you said we'd be able to see the candidate you've chosen for the inheritance, as well as the fact that we just finished forging those weapons, we wouldn't have come." "Oh, come on, Byron. Don't be like that." Hearing the man's words, Julian let out a bit of laughter as he gestured for the two to sit down beside him. Fortunately, the two that had arrived did not decline the man's gesture, sitting themselves beside the man sometime later. With him getting a better look at the two that had arrived, Julian went ahead and posed a question to the two. "So, it wouldn't be wrong for me to assume that your list of orders on which weapons to craft still aren't finished, right?" "With the orcs possibly planning a giant offensive at some point in the future, you're correct." Wearing a dark blue suit that normally wouldn't be worn by a blacksmith, Byron, a man with silver hair and dark brown eyes, flashed a bitter smile in response as he pointed at the woman that came along with her. "If not for her, I would've probably had no choice but to decline your invitation to come here. She's the reason why I could finish so many masterwork weapons at once." "Oh?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity, Julian looked at the woman that came alongside Byron, only to stare at the woman with his mouth slightly agape. Sporting a head of long and luscious dark red-violet hair, the woman had a pair of light green irises that seemed to be able to peer through the entirety of Julian's body, something that greatly contrasted the woman's calm yet faint smile. Similar to Byron, the woman was also in a get-up that would not normally be worn by a blacksmith, wearing a dark gray turtleneck shirt under a thick white coat that resembled what one would see researchers wear back on Earth. From how Julian stared at her, it went without saying that the woman was a beauty through and through, with her age and demeanor only highlighting that even further. "Though I don't mind if you stare at me for a bit more, you do have a competition to arbitrate." Letting out a faint amused chuckle in response to Julian's staring, the woman prompted the former to focus his attention back to the matter at hand. "Ah, right. My apologies." Awkwardly chuckling in response, Julian shifted his gaze back to the tournament, only to turn his head back at the woman. "To be honest, I assumed that the person that would be coming with Byron was someone he and I both knew." "If you're referring to Sir Calvin, then he's still busy with forging masterwork weapons, I'm afraid," said the woman in response with a slightly apologetic smile. "Though I did come alongside Sir Byron out of convenience, if you want, I could take Sir Calvin's place as an arbiter for the forging duel happening below." "Well, since Byron has brought you along with him, then that in itself is enough for me to understand that your skills are more than enough to be a judge of the works of the two." Looking at Byron, who nodded back at him in response, Julian nodded at the woman as he took her up on her offer. "Since that's the case, would you mind letting me know who you are so I could get to know you better?" "My first name is Mystia, and my family name is Aschel. I am currently 53 years old, though they say I look to be perpetually in my thirties." Agreeing to Julian's request with a smile, the woman gave him a respectful half bow as she softly giggled. "Aside from that, I'm currently working alongside Sir Byron in forging masterwork weapons as an assistant when it comes to applying mana circuits onto the weapons." "Wait a second…" Just as he was about to greet the woman with a warm smile, the words the woman had spoken to him clicked in Julian's mind all of a sudden, prompting him to go silent as he looked at her with slightly narrowed eyes. "First name Mystia, last name Aschel… Mystia Aschel…" "You're telling me… no way…" Seeing the woman smile at him, as if she was expecting the man to be informed of her identity, the expression on Julian's face transformed into that of shock as he turned his head to look at his good friend. "You're actually working with the Meltierre Heavenly Court's Imperial Alchemist?!" "Well, it would be more accurate to say that she requested to work alongside me," replied Byron as he gave a slightly smug grin. "Either way, I am indeed working with her for the time being." "How did that even happen in the first place…?" Feeling great disbelief from the matter, it took a while for Julian to snap back to reality, taking quite a lot of deep breaths before being able to do so. "If you don't mind, I could talk about it while we continue taking a look at the forging duel," suggested Mystia in response. "After all, it wouldn't be fair if the winner of the duel was chosen due to lack of information." "Talking about it would definitely help time pass…" Though Julian was slightly hesitant at first, the man eventually agreed to the proposition, causing Mystia to smile at him in response, which briefly left him at a slight loss for words. Clearing his throat as he felt his face slightly heat up, he turned his head to look back at Theraldine at Valyr, who were still both hard at work in completing their respective replicas. "Before I begin narrating how Sir Byron and I eventually ended up working together, would you mind informing me on who the two currently dueling are?" While Julian intently looked at what the two were doing, he heard Mystia ask a question towards him, to which he responded with a faint nod as he opened his mouth. "The girl on the right part of the stage is my daughter, Theraldine," said Julian with a warm smile on his face. "She's my pride and joy, as well as the pride and joy of the entire Pyrrhia clan due to her comprehending the [Dea Pyrrhia Forging Arts]." "And the young man on the left?" "Now that one…" Julian let out laughter. "That one's special." "In what way?" "Well… for one, he's the one I've picked to enter the upcoming Four Pillars' Inheritance." Chapter 466: Bringing Out the Elements "Yeouch. That's hot." Taking out one of the materials from the furnace with a pair of tongs, Valyr took a long look at the material he was going to work with as he plopped it onto the anvil. From one perspective, it was a material that signified the pinnacle of Wind-attribute materials within Valyr's capabilities, exuding a strong aura of Wind element even after undergoing through the furnace. However, from another, the material looked like nothing more than a ton of light green
