Valyr in response, smiling as he enjoyed the game he played with Jekyll... even if he almost died at one point. "If anything, this just gives me more reason to continue honing my strength." "As you should, really." Jekyll grinned. "Though it may seem like I'm not in the know since I stay here at Anadhar, I already know about the orc outbreak happening in Algerie. With that, the greatest reassurance you could have when all heckbreaks loose is the strength you've cultivated thus far." "After all, unlike some people, it won't betray you." "I'll definitely keep that in mind." Seeing as he now truly had no more reason to stay around the gambling den, Valyr decided to finally head back to Algerie, placing his spear behind his back as he went up the stairway, with Jekyll following behind him not long after. ... "Once again, let me remind you that the next part of my legacy can only be obtained once you comprehended your own Intent." With the sky already dark, Jekyll and Valyr bade their farewells near the gambling den's entrance. "Of course, you're free to experiment with the skill if you want. You might come across something about it that would not need an Intent at all." "It'll be a while before I get around to doing that," said Valyr in response, wryly smiling. "I'm currently preparing for something, actually. Obtaining the second part of your legacy was part of that preparation." "You don't have to tell me what you're preparing for," replied Jekyll, gesturing Valyr that he could leave at any time. "You've already told me more than enough after you've revealed your identity to me." "Alright then." Deciding that he should really head back to Algerie in preparation for the small tournament that was happening in the next couple of days, Valyr finally waved goodbye at the man, only to stop in his tracks not long after. "Now that I think about it, I've told you my name, but you haven't told me yours." "Does it really make any difference?" Jekyll let out a bit of laughter as he eventually obliged. "Fine, fine. But I'll only repeat it just once." "Jekyll Endheid. A Count of the Astella Region, and a member of the Imperial Endheid clan." "Of course, it'd be better for you to know me as the owner of the Silver Gambling Den." Grinning, he then urged Valyr to finally leave. "Alright, go. Now get out of my sight." "As you wish, Sir Endheid." "Bah! Don't get used to greeting me like that. Sounds stupid." Chapter 491: Forging Once More Algerie Kingdom. "Finally… I finally got my hands on a private workshop." Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief as the attendant working with him had confirmed his request, Valyr soon made his way through the hallways of the Blacksmith Guild, eventually finding himself in a corridor lined to the brim with similar-looking workshops. After having finished his task back at Anadhar, Valyr did not hesitate to use the Blacksmith Guild's Teleportation Hall to teleport back, using his authority as a Legacy Core Member to get the teleportation circles started even if it was already nighttime. By the time he had returned to the inn, it was already late in the night, with Wells already having fallen asleep. With that, he decided not to wake up the man as he ordered a light meal to satiate his hunger. Once he had eaten his fill, he then headed to his portion of the room and proceeded to fall asleep on his bed, recuperating the physical and mental energy he had expended in Anadhar. After a few hours had passed and he had woken up, he then went through his daily routine and made his way to the Blacksmith Guild, telling himself that the day tomorrow was an important day. After all, it would be the first time he would meet the other candidates also participating in the Four Pillars' Inheritance. "I should start forging some stuff instead of admiring this place." Recalling that Julian had stopped by earlier to inform him that he had something to tell him, Valyr quickly fired up the mana furnace near the back of the workshop, ordering a few sets of materials from the guild with the help of an attendant soon after. Thanks to his position as a Legacy Core Member, the amount he paid to obtain the materials he asked for was significantly lower than it normally was, causing a content grin to appear on his face as he looked at the pile of materials he had gotten with the remaining money in his money pouch. "As long as I make as much equipment out of these materials as possible and make sure that they're of decently high rarity and quality, I'll make more than what I spent to buy the materials to make them." With his money pouch now devoid of the money it used to hold, Valyr swiftly took out the Hammer of Beginnings from his spatial bracelet and began to forge equipment with great gusto. "Hmm... weapons would probably sell more nowadays, considering that people would be preparing for the worst to happen regarding the outbreak." Pondering over what type of equipment he would forge, it did not take long for the young man to have an idea in mind, partitioning the amount he would use per equipment in the process to maximize his gains. Nevertheless, with how eager he was to be forging once more, and how he already had tons of experience doing the same thing, the forging process had already begun long before he had clarified what he was going to do, chucking in a great number of materials into the furnace in preparation for what was to come next. "Now that I think about it, I should have gotten some attributed materials to make elemental weapons." Deciding to familiarize himself with the mechanics of his forging hammer whilst he waited for the materials to get up to temperature, a thought popped up into the young man's head all of a sudden. "Then again, the difference in stats between the two is negligible, even more so if I take the Hammer of Beginnings into consideration." Continuing to go through his thoughts in a mutter, Valyr eventually grabbed a couple of materials out of the furnace and placed it onto the anvil, seeing that they were ready for forging. Raising his forging hammer up in the air, he then began to hammer the materials down, shaping it into the rough forms of the weapons he wished to create. "Huh. Now that I think about it, I still haven't taken a look at the title I got from the forging duel." "Identify [Forger of Artifacts]." Ding! Trusting his muscle memory to take control over most of the forging process for the meantime, Valyr soon spared a bit of his attention towards the screen that appeared before him, intently reading through the contents written on it. [Forger of Artifacts] (Title) Rarity: Mythic <subtxt>.</subtxt> Countless blacksmiths have forged items and equipment that have been used by the masses for ages, while few among them have forged items and equipment that have been recognized by the masses for their superior quality. However, compared to these people, only a select few have attained a level of forging that transcends normality, allowing them to forge items that would be recognized and revered by people throughout history, its properties unforgettable to those that have seen and wielded it. Though these items may have been called multiple names throughout history, there only exists one name that unites them all. Artifacts. As someone who has successfully forged an Artifact of their own, you have included yourself into the ranks of these legendary beings, your works now easily recognizable even to the youngest of humans. Effects: > Allows the title holder to gain an intrinsic understanding regarding the process of forging Artifacts > Allows the title holder to gain a greater understanding of materials and items related to forging Artifacts > Increase the title holder's compatibility with Artifacts > Increases the base stat of any equipment forged by the title holder by 5% > Reduces the time it takes for the title holder to forge equipment by 15% > Allows the title holder to gain Planetary Reputation for any item forged or any Artifact forged above Epic grade (gained Planetary Reputation depends on feat and rarity achieved) "Wait a second... so, if I'm getting this right, any equipment I forge from now on will be 10% better than it already is?" Slightly frowning as he tried to understand the effects of the title in detail, Valyr began to think out loud once more. "Does that mean that even if I put in minimum effort, my equipment would still be considered better than those made by other people?" "Well… with all things considered, this is a good thing. Not only from the perspective of profit, but also from the perspective of my future plans." Briefly shrugging his shoulders as he ended his train of thought, the thought of the forging hammer's effects soon popped up into Valyr's mind, causing him to slightly shudder regarding its possibilities. "Speaking of which, I should probably take a look at [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] as well, considering that I'm going to be using it while forging." Closing the screen that he just brought up, Valyr was about to command the system to bring up another screen in front of him... Only to be interrupted once a familiar being had entered his workshop. "Mind if I interrupt you for a bit?" Chapter 492: Small Talk "If I told you I was busy, what would've you done?" Hearing the question asked at him, Valyr joked as he let out a chuckle. "Of course, I would've just forced my way in." In response, the man that entered his workshop laughed as well. "It's not like you can stop me from entering parts of the guild that I currently lead over." "Well… all jokes aside, what brings you to the workshop, Julian?" Returning his attention to the weapon he was forging, Valyr went ahead and asked the man a question. "You told me earlier that you had something to tell me." Seeing that the young man looked to be in the middle of forging something, Julian softly nodded to himself as he decided to be brief. "Well, aside from checking up on you and taking a look at what you're forging, I just wanted to know if you're prepared for the tournament against the other candidates tomorrow." "As you can see, I'm as prepared as I could ever be," said Valyr in response, briefly glancing at Julian with a slightly sarcastic smile before returning to the anvil. "Of course, if you want to me answer that honestly, then I'd say that there are still some things I wished I could've prepared in advance, but it doesn't really matter much." "If anything, I'll get to those things after the tournament instead." As these words came out of Valyr's mouth, the young man thought about upgrading his Nascent Wyvern Armor up another rarity in preparation for his journey into the Four Pillars' Inheritance. Though it was already considered an Epic grade armor set by the system, which was already plenty strong to many people, Valyr still felt that the strength of the armor set wasn't enough in a way, especially with how he was going to enter an inheritance where he had no idea what lied inside. Of course, this thought arose after he thought about trying to increase his strength even further before the inheritance began. With how he was not allowed to evolve to Rank 3 and comprehend his own Intent, he instead decided to check out other avenues of increasing his strength, upgrading his equipment being one of them. 'Now that I think about it, I should go grab some passive stat boosting skills from the Boundless Skill Pavilion before the tournament as well, especially with how much XP I still have.' Thinking about other things he could do after the tournament, Valyr eventually created a checklist he would follow once everything was done. "So, no more last minute preparations or anything of the sort?" Nodding in response to Valyr's words, Julian asked once more to be certain. "None at all," replied Valyr. "Unless… if you consider stocking up on health and mana potions a last minute preparation." Activating [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] and [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] in tandem, the young man then put all of his focus onto the piece he was forging, hoping to iron out as much of the imperfections on the weapon as possible. Unsurprisingly, with [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] being a massive improvement over [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], the amount of imperfections he could remove through the combination of the two skills was far greater than ever before, allowing him to achieve a greater level of cohesion and harmony amongst the materials. In fact, because of how Jekyll had trained him to use [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] as a way to look for weak spots and vital spots, similar spots had began to unknowingly appear on the equipment he was forging, prompting him to focus on those spots as he slowly but surely finished his first weapon of the day. 'Am I really watching a Rank 2 blacksmith forge a weapon?' Noticing the crimson rings surrounding Valyr's irises as he was stunned silent with how quick and efficient the young man was, Julian went ahead and picked up the weapon Valyr had just finished forging. Schwing! With the weapon being a simple-looking shortsword, Julian was left at a slight loss for words once he heard the sword make a ringing sound just after moving it slightly. With his expression becoming more and more solemn as the sword continued to ring while moving it around, he eventually used his identification skill to take a look at its properties, only to be left at an even greater loss for words. Ding! [Shortsword of Beginnings] (Level 35) Rarity: Rare+ Attack: 419 - 698 Forging Quality: Exceptional A strong blade forged by a truly prodigious blacksmith using considerably crude materials, this shortsword has been imbued with the strength of the artifact 'Hammer of Beginnings', allowing its properties to be comparable to equipment forged by blacksmiths renowned for their equipment quality. In fact, if one took a long look at it, one would eventually feel like they were returning to the forge, feeling the heat and pressure the sword had to endure to become the blade it currently was. <Innate Skill 1: Return to Origin - Allows the user to slash out vertically, dealing damage equivalent to 250% of the user's Attack stat. Can be charged to twice its initial cost for greater damage, maxing out at a 100% increase of its original power. Cooldown: 30 seconds. Cost: 1,000 MP.> Remarks: Even those at higher ranks would be jealous of owning this weapon. "This..." Looking between the shortsword he was holding and Valyr in disbelief, Julian found it hard to believe that such a young man would be able to forge such a powerful weapon in his eyes. "Did you really make this...?" "You just watched me forge the sword, right?" Valyr looked at Julian with a slightly raised eyebrow, faintly wondering if he heard wrong. "I mean, yes... but..." Swinging the sword a couple more times, Julian eventually put the shortsword back where it was. Then, he looked at the young man before him with a slightly conflicted expression. "Are you seriously selling this through the Blacksmith Guild's channels?" "I did tell you back when we met up earlier that I wouldn't have rented a workshop if not for that reason." Taking a look at the materials that remained in the furnace, Valyr soon grabbed another batch of materials as he began to work on his second weapon of the day. "Of course, I could rely on your goodwill, but even that can only go so far." "In any case, I'm planning to use the money I obtain from selling these to get my hands on a special type of material," added Valyr. "Pretty sure goodwill won't get me that kind of thing that easily." "What kind of item are you planning to get anyway?" Asking this question in response, Julian looked at the young man with a slight frown, finding the young man's words an insult. However, once he found out what the young man was looking for, this expression quickly disappeared as he became silent. "See what I mean now?" Somewhat amused by Julian's reaction, Valyr eventually returned his attention to the weapon he was currently forging, finishing the second weapon within half an hour. "You know… even with my authority, procuring something like that would take a long time." Seeing that Valyr had taken a break before proceeding with his third weapon, Julian decided to speak. "In any case, I'll try and help you out in procuring it. After all, you wouldn't have told me about something like that in the first place if you didn't need my help." "Don't worry. I'll definitely make it worth your while." Valyr smiled as he thanked the man. "After all, I have a strong feeling these weapons would sell well once I put Ylvar's mark on it." "Oh? You're planning to sell it under your fake name?" With his eyes slightly widening in surprise, Julian looked at Valyr and nodded. "It would definitely fetch a higher price if you do, especially with the prestige the name has garnered in the past couple of days." "Mhm." Feeling that he had rested for long enough, Valyr swiftly returned to forging the weapons he planned on selling, moving onto his third weapon for the day. "Surely you didn't stop by just to ask me if I was prepared for the tournament, right?" A couple of minutes after he began to forge once more, Valyr looked at Julian as he asked a question. "Of course not. That would be a waste of time, even for me." Julian shook his head. "Instead, I'm here to tell you about the other candidates you'll be working with in the inheritance..." "...as well as their weaknesses." Chapter 493: Companions "..." At those words, Valyr decided to stop what he was doing, placing the Hammer of Beginnings to the side as he looked at the man before him with a solemn expression. "How did you even get your hands on that kind of information?" "I'm a guild master," said Julian in response, letting out a faint chuckle. "I should be able to find out at least that much through my information networks." "Anyways, do you want to know or not? After all, this information wouldn't only be useful during the tournament tomorrow, but it'll also be helpful once the four of you enter the inheritance... if you know what I mean." Looking at Valyr with a slightly raised eyebrow, Julian eventually smiled once he saw the young man eventually nod in response. "Alright." Nodding back at Valyr, Julian went ahead and grabbed a crate within the workshop to use as a makeshift chair, sitting in front of the young man as he opened his mouth. "Before we begin, I'm sure you already know that the three other people that'll be joining you in the inheritance are incredibly talented in their own right." "After all, they wouldn't have gotten the chance to enter the inheritance in the first place if not for their monstrously high levels of talent," he continued, to which Valyr nodded in agreement. "Naturally, as you have monstrously high talent as well, evident from the fact that you forged an Artifact, as well as the fact that you have a Mythic blacksmith class, you've earned that right as well." "The first person that I'll be mentioning is the alchemist within your group," said Julian soon after, prompting Valyr to commit everything the man was going to say to memory. "His name is Faulus Erlenmeyer, considered a prodigy and a future pillar of the Alchemist Guild at the young age of 20 years." "As he boasts the class True Prodigious Alchemist, his style of concocting potions is similar to what is generally known by other alchemists, yet there are some parts of it that are uniquely his." At these words, Julian looked at Valyr. "It's kind of like you with your True Prodigious Blacksmith class. You've mostly stuck to the norm, but there are some parts during your process where you've adapted your own thing and improved upon it to do the same thing, but just better," he said, causing Valyr to faintly smile. "Anyways, thanks to his talent in the path of alchemy, his concoctions being well known for their efficacy, and his contribution to the field of medicine, he's commonly known by many as the Lord of Vitality." "Is it because of that one potion he concocted?" asked Valyr in response, cross-referencing the information Julian was telling him with the information he already knew. From the very moment the man had mentioned the alchemist's name, Valyr had already become certain that the people that would join him in the inheritance would be none other than the future members of the Four Deities of Production, something he was uncertain of during his meeting with Theraldine. However, with how he had drastically affected the timeline to the point that he had taken Theraldine's place in the inheritance, Valyr still remained open-minded towards the two other members of the inheritance, thinking that his actions might have caused these people to change. "It is." Listening to Valyr's question, Julian nodded in response. "The Panacea. Not only does it cure people from any sickness or poison they might have, the potion also allows these people to be reborn anew, with some of them even looking 10 years younger than they were after taking it." "Now let's go over his weaknesses." Saying these words, Julian's expression turned stern. "Unlike you and the other two, Faulus hasn't really spent that much time sharpening his combat skills. If
