taking into consideration that he had upgraded what was initially an Uncommon grade skill to Legendary grade with an incomplete session in the Akashic Battlefield. "Aside from that, the buffs from the title are already great as is. If anything, it just makes me excited for the stages that I would unlock in the future." Reminding himself to be content with what he had and not be too greedy, Valyr soon pondered over what kind of equipment he would forge the following day, thinking about its sale value through the Blacksmith Guild's channels. Once he had an idea of what he would forge, he then thought about he would allocate the Technology Points that had been left untouched all this time on the Technology Tree's Innovation branch. Eventually, the amount of thinking made the young man feel like his eyes had become heavy all of a sudden, only to doze off into dream land a few minutes later. … "Haah…" Yawning as he sat upright on his bed, Valyr did a bit of light stretching with his upper body before truly getting up. Once he felt like his consciousness had now become fully alert, he then went through his usual morning routine, upgrading yet another 10 unleveled skills in his arsenal to their maximum level along the way. By the time around half an hour had passed after Valyr was finished with his morning routine, Wells had finally woken up from his slumber, heading to their designated communal area of the room, only to find Valyr eating breakfast. "I didn't know what you wanted to eat, so I just got a little bit of everything." Putting down his utensils for a bit, Valyr looked at his friend with a smile. "Thanks." Appreciating the kind gesture his friend had done, Wells nodded in response as he decided to go through his daily routine as well. "Oh yeah. You got something on the side of your lips." "Ah." Awkwardly smiling in realization that Wells wasn't messing around with him, Valyr wiped off the bits of food around his lips with a napkin before deciding to finish the remaining portion of his breakfast. "I'll be heading to the Blacksmith Guild for the meantime to do some forging." Once he was done cleaning the plates of food he had just eaten off of, Valyr made his way to his portion of the room to grab some stuff that he then stored in his spatial bracelet. After making sure that he did not forget anything essential that he should bring, he then bade farewell to Wells, telling the latter of his plans for the day. "Alright. I'll be here as always." Once he heard Wells respond to his farewell, it was only then did Valyr truly leave their room, heading out of the inn and onto the streets of Algerie City. Thanks to his high agility as a peak Rank 2 class holder, it did not take long for the young man to arrive at the entrance of the Blacksmith Guild as the day was just about to begin. Chapter 454: Rudely Interrupted "Well, well, well. If it isn't the young man who decided to head to the Akashic Battlefield yesterday." After arriving at the Blacksmith Guild, Valyr swiftly made his way to the main hall's counters that were specifically made for its members. Showing his Core Member badge to the attendant on the other side of the counter, he then requested to meet with the Guildmaster, which was unsurprisingly approved within a short time. "If this is about what happened in the Akashic Battlefield yesterday, please don't remind me." Hearing the middle-aged man's voice just as he had entered the man's personal workshop, a wry smile appeared on the young man's face as he already had an idea regarding the current topic of their conversation. "Unfortunately for you, as the Guildmaster of the Blacksmith Guild, I have no choice but to ask you more things about it, considering that you're a secondhand witness to the events that transpired within the Akashic Battlefield." In response to Valyr's words, Julian let out a brief chortle, placing down his hammer to the side just as he finished forging as always. Briefly staring at the piece of equipment Julian had just finished forging, which looked to be a longsword, Valyr scratched the back of his head for a bit as he let out a sigh, compiling all of the thoughts regarding the orc infiltration in his mind before deciding to go over the whole incident chronologically. Unlike with Wells, Valyr did not withhold any information from the middle-aged man, going through everything in detail as he knew his information would truly help the man before him. "So, that's how it is, huh." Scratching his head just as Valyr was finished narrating, Julian let out a low sigh whilst he shook his head. "People that had no clue regarding the tensions between the orcs and the humans, only for them to die under the orcs' hands in vain… the kingdom has no choice but to avenge them." "Did the kingdom finally make its move?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity, Valyr looked at Julian with a hint of expectation. "They did, but I wouldn't consider it an actual move yet." In response, Julian wryly smiled, telling Valyr to not expect too much from the kingdom in such short notice. "Aside from increasing the defenses around the Akashic Battlefield and being more stringent with who they would allow to enter the Akashic Battlefield, they've dispatched a couple reconnaissance teams into the entrance where the orcs first appeared, utilizing the help of a couple mages specializing in illusion to have the orcs stay there for a while." "That's quite a lot." Valyr's eyes widened in slight surprise. "And you're telling me this isn't the kingdom's full move yet?" "They're still collating information on the orcs to form attack squads that would counter them and make sure they're dead for sure," said Julian in surprise, letting out a faint sigh as he made his way to the portion of his workshop that contained the materials he worked with, deciding to start formulating a plan on what kind of equipment he was going to forge next. "Of course, Zeik's firsthand information on the leader among the orcs helped save a lot of time. Frankly, it's the only reason why the kingdom could dispatch so many people in the first place." "Anyways, I have a feeling you're not here at the Blacksmith Guild to talk about the orc infiltration." Deciding to move past their initial topic, Julian threw a question at the young man. "Let me take a guess… something about Technology Points?" "I still haven't touched the Technology Points that came with the Core Member badge, actually." Hearing Julian's guess, Valyr looked at him with a slightly awkward smile. "Instead, I'm here to forge a couple of things, which I'll be selling through the guild's channels once I'm done." "Are there any private workshops in the guild I could take for the time being?" "We do have quite a few, and it wouldn't take long to get a hold of them since you're a Core Member." Julian nodded in response. "Though, with the small tournament between the inheritance's candidates coming up in a few days, are you sure you don't want to put in a bit more effort into strengthening yourself? I do know a couple of places that could act as a good alternative to the Akashic Battlefield." "I appreciate the offer, but I've pretty much done everything I could to strengthen myself." Smiling in response, Valyr then flared the entirety of his aura for a brief moment, which prompted a slightly solemn expression to appear on the middle-aged man's face. "I see." After going silent for a bit, Julian decided to stop what he was doing for the meantime and head outside his personal workshop, gesturing for the young man to follow after him. "Since that's the case, let me help you find a private workshop you could—" "Dad!" However, just as the two were about to head to the Blacksmith Guild's private workshops, a young woman that sported a set of hair that was of a similar color to Julian's appeared in front of them. "Ah! You're the guy that took my spot!" Just as Valyr was going to ask the man beside him as to what was going on, feeling a bit of confusion from the current situation, the young woman before them pointed at him, exclaiming something that only made him feel even more confusion. "Huh? Are you referring to me, perhaps?" Scratching the back of his head, Valyr pointed at himself as he looked at the young woman. "Who else could it be if not you!" In response, the young woman harrumphed as she crossed her arms, a slight frown adorning her face. "The so-called genius that forged an Epic grade armor set at Rank 2… from what I can see so far, you don't look like a genius at all!" "???" Feeling even more confusion from the young woman's words, Valyr decided to look at Julian beside him, who had an apologetic smile on his face as he looked back at Valyr. Gazing at the young woman for a bit, Julian decided to cast a barrier of mana around them for the meantime, allowing them to have a private conversation. "I'm so sorry my daughter is like that," said Julian to Valyr. "After I decided to have you take her spot in the Four Pillars' Inheritance, she's pestered me to no end since she wants to meet the person that took her spot." "Is that so?" Now getting a bit of an idea as to why the young woman acted that way towards him, a bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face. "I'm guessing your daughter is quite the talented blacksmith if that's the case." "Definitely way more talented than me, that's for sure." Julian laughed in response. "What's her name, if I might ask?" Looking at the young woman for a bit in the midst of their conversation, Valyr felt like she had seen the woman back then in the past. Deciding to confirm his suspicions, the young man went ahead and asked the man before him. Fortunately, the man's answer was enough for him to be reminded of who she was. "Oho? Fancying my daughter, are you?" "Well, all jokes aside, her name's Theraldine." "Theraldine Irideus Pyrrhia." Chapter 455: Dea Pyrrhia "Theraldine…" At the very moment Julian mentioned the woman's first name, multiple memories in Valyr's mind began to surface, quickly confirming his suspicions as his eyes briefly widened in surprise. "Out of all the places I thought I'd be able to come across one of the Deities of Production, I definitely didn't expect to meet one of them here this early." As the name of the title implied, the Deities of Production were beings in the world of Veldanyr that were renowned for their skill in their respective craft, all of them having great amounts of experience within their respective craft. Combined with their incredible talent in the field, almost every person that was fortunate enough to obtain one of their works or work alongside them would consider their prowess in their crafts to be transcendental. There are a total of four Deities of Production, with the four corresponding to the field of blacksmithing, alchemy, tailoring, and erudition respectively. Out of the four Deities of Production, the person corresponding to the field of blacksmithing was the most well-known throughout the world of Veldanyr, with most, if not all of those that were at the peak of Rank 5 back in Valyr's previous life hoping to obtain even a single piece of her equipment. The difference in quality between the equipment she forged and the equipment others forged was so great that others thought she had found a way to become one with the forge, entering a level of forging that others would never step into in the first place. Thus, she gained the moniker of the Goddess of the Forge… And that same Goddess of the Forge was now standing a few feet away from the two, grumbling to herself as she watched both Julian and Valyr engage in a private conversation. "Hello? Valyr? Are you still there?" Seeing that the young man was seemingly engrossed in his own thoughts after he mentioned his daughter's name, Julian did a couple of things to gain the young man's attention since he wanted to make their private conversation somewhat short. Fortunately, it did not take long for Valyr to snap back to reality, with the young man flashing an apologetic smile at him. "My apologies. I just remembered something while listening to your answer," said Valyr to the man in front of him, prompting the latter to raise his eyebrow in curiosity. "Theraldine, huh… so she's actually the one I've been hearing about in the past." "Oh? You've come across my daughter before?" Surprised that someone like Valyr had heard of his daughter from someplace else, the level of curiosity Julian had towards Valyr's words considerably increased, prompting the young man to faintly smile in response. "I haven't come across her, just only heard of what she's done in the past," Valyr told Julian, the gears in his mind turning as quickly as possible to come up with a plausible-sounding answer. "Well, to be more specific, I heard from a friend of mine regarding the equipment she's forged and how it's substantially better than the similar pieces of equipment." "I wonder if you know the reason behind something like that?" "How could I not?" Hearing someone like Valyr speak praise of his daughter, Julian let out a loud cackle of glee, proud that his daughter was recognized by people even from beyond the kingdom. "As part of the same clan, and especially as his father, I know the reason behind her superb prowess in blacksmithing very well… aside from her innate talent in the field, of course." "You've heard of the Pyrrhia clan before, right?" "I have." Nodding in response, Valyr thought about his first encounter with Julian back then. Back when the middle-aged man had introduced to himself, Valyr was actually in slight disbelief when he heard the man mentioned the surname Pyrrhia, thinking that he might have come across someone that was of the same clan as the Goddess of the Forge. However, he quickly dispelled those thoughts, tamping down his expectations as he instead thought that Julian might have come from a far-flung branch family of the same surname. After all, if the Zeihardt clan had multiple branch families under its wing, how could the Pyrrhia clan not do the same thing? "Then, you've heard of the Pyrrhia clan's specialty, right?" Nodding back at Valyr's answer, Julian threw another question at the young man. "Blacksmithing, right?" Considering that he was now more certain of the identity of the clan behind the middle-aged man, it did not take long for Valyr to respond, relying on his memories regarding the Pyrrhia clan. "Correct." Faintly smiling at the young man's response, Julian went silent for a bit. "A great portion of the clan's members end up becoming blacksmiths, with those that don't end up taking the path of forging becoming renowned fighters in the battlefield." "However, within each generation, there's a chance that there exists a member that has great affinity with the field of blacksmithing from the moment they were born," said Julian, giving Valyr time to process the information he was giving him. "After having that member go through a couple of tests to see if they would be eligible, they would then be allowed to access the clan's most well-guarded asset." At these words, Valyr recalled all of the times in the past where he talked with fellow blacksmiths regarding the reason behind the Goddess of the Forge's great prowess, even going so far as to ask the person herself during the rare couple of chances he had to interact with her. Eventually, with a bit of digging into the clan's information through the Myriad Archives and other similar libraries, he was able to find a piece of information behind the Goddess of the Forge's prowess, hoping to now see if that was correct through Julian's words. "Now this asset originates from the founder of the Pyrrhia clan himself, having come across a fortuitous encounter that allowed him to glimpse into a single forging art that would be considered world-changing even if it were fully revealed up to this day. Unfortunately, he was unable to emulate the full power of this forging art in his craft, instead having to simplify it and transform it into a set of forging arts that he hoped would be fully comprehended by someone of his own blood in the future, since that was the key to comprehending the sole forging art he had come across in the past." "Whether it's the sole forging art the founder came across or the set of forging arts the founder had created based on that forging art, they both have the same name," said Julian. "And my daughter right there is one of only few in the Pyrrhia clan's history to be able to comprehend over half of the forging arts the founder had created." "Its name is…" "The Dea Pyrrhia Forging Arts." Chapter 456: A Round Of Questioning 'Fortunately, the information I've obtained wasn't wrong.' Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief as he listened to Julian mention to him the reason behind the Goddess of the Forge's prowess, Valyr was more or less satisfied with what he obtained from the man regarding Theraldine, now having a clear idea of why she was mad at her. 'Hmm… now that I think about it, the Four Deities of Production… the Four Pillars' Inheritance…' Seeing that the man before him was giving him time to ponder over things for a bit, the young man decided to focus his thoughts on the weird coincidence he had noticed between the two, wondering if the inheritance had led to the birth of these monstrous geniuses in the field of production in the first place. 'Considering the timeline, there's a high chance that it may be the case.' Eventually, Valyr came to his own sort of conclusion after pondering over it for a bit, thinking about his experience with interacting with the Goddess of the Forge back then. After that, he recalled what he had heard back then from his friends and fellow guild members regarding the other Deities of Production, becoming more certain that the inheritance did indeed give rise to the Four Deities of Production. 'Wait… since I took over his daughter's position in the inheritance, then does that mean that I'll take her place as the Goddess— I mean, God of the Forge?' Noticing that his thoughts were gradually becoming distorted, Valyr decided to discard the thought for the meantime, not wanting to think about what-ifs any further. "Got any more questions?" Seeing as the young man was finished pondering over the thoughts in his mind, Julian went ahead and asked him if he could dispel the barrier of mana surrounding him, taking note of his daughter becoming more and more annoyed of their private conversation as time passed. "Nope. My questions have more or less been answered." Of course, Valyr also noticed the young woman growing more and more incensed with every passing second, causing a bitter smile to appear on his face as he shook his head. Seeing the bitter smile on Valyr's face, Julian responded with a bitter smile of his own as he soon dispelled the barrier of mana surrounding him, finally allowing his daughter to move closer to where they were. "Took you two long enough…" Theraldine grumbled to herself as she looked at Valyr, then at her father. "What did the two of you talk about?" "Oh, it's nothing too important," said Julian in response as he instantly attempted to give off a peaceful vibe. "Valyr here just asked me a couple of things regarding how to forge some specific items." "Valyr, huh…" Though she decided not to pursue the matter any further, Theraldine still had a slight frown on his face even after she shifted her gaze towards the young man, moving a bit closer. "I see. That's the name of the guy who took my spot." "Nice to meet you, uh..." Wryly smiling as he listened to her words, Valyr took the initiative and extended his hand for a handshake. "Theraldine." Finding it rude to not reciprocate since the other side already took the initiative, Theraldine went ahead and received the handshake, though a faint frown still adorned her face. "Theraldine Pyrrhia." As the young woman was shaking Valyr's hand as a greeting, the latter discreetly sent a message to the girl's father, opening up the chat function in his mind. "Does she know which clan I come from?" "No, I haven't told her about it. If anything, you're the first one to give her information on you." Obtaining this message from Julian not long after, Valyr inwardly let out yet another sigh of relief as he released himself from the handshake. "So, I've heard from the Guildmaster over here that you've wanted to meet me for quite some time now." Deciding to start a conversation with the young man, Valyr put on a slight smile as he acted as if he did not know the reason for the young woman's appearance. "Of course." Theraldine harrumphed, turning her head to the side slightly. "How could I not meet the person who decided to take my place in the upcoming Four Pillars' Inheritance?" "Well, I definitely apologize for taking your spot in the upcoming inheritance, if that helps," said Valyr in response, wryly smiling. "However, the Guildmaster here was the one who decided to have me take your spot. If anything, you should ask the Guildmaster about it." 'Why'd you have to drag me into this…' Hearing himself be mentioned, Julian looked at the young man with
