contact with the young man, it swiftly headed towards the dark beam of energy that connected him to the Shadow Plane, melding with it as it attempted to expand the connection even further. Fortunately, as the Shadow Bear's Shadow Energy was considerably stronger than the Shadow Energy from the Shadow Mammoths he had been absorbing so far, even the energy from one Shadow Bear was more than enough for the connection to surpass its bottleneck and expand to even greater widths. Because of it, Valyr's perception of the Shadow Plane had changed greatly, allowing him to notice far more detail regarding the Shadow Plane, even though the only difference he had done was that he had killed a Shadow Bear. Eventually, once the connection he had with the Shadow Plane had been refined with the Shadow Bear's Shadow Energy, the dark beam of energy that extended out of his forehead surprisingly contracted, causing Valyr's expression to change into that of panic. However, swiftly realizing that the connection he had with the Shadow Plane had not disappeared even with the beam's disappearance, the young man pushed his [Shadow Eye] to greater heights, eventually noticing that the connection had now made its way to a small vacant spot near his heart. Whoosh! Then, as if it was a parasite, the connection attached itself to his heart, turning into a small black mass that now fed Shadow Energy to Valyr's heart, giving Valyr the feeling that he now had access to Shadow Energy at any moment he wanted to. Wanting to confirm this, Valyr focused on the Shadow Energy from the small black mass that melded with his blood and circulated throughout his body, soon noticing that the small black mass always stored a small amount of Shadow Energy for him to be able to tap into at all times. Though, just as he was about to check the changes to his body even further, a series of notifications resounded in his mind. Ding! [Your connection with the Shadow Plane has undergone sublimation, increasing a level in quality.] … … [You have gained the 'Shadow Energy' stat.] [You have gained the passive skill 'Shadow Energy Mark'.] [You have completed part of the requirements for the quest: Returning to One's Roots.] [Improve your Shadow Energy to the point the system recognizes its existence (1/1)] Stopping his introspection for the meantime, Valyr deactivated the other features of [Shadow Eye] for a moment before shifting his gaze to the old man that had appeared before him, flashing a small grin. "Got it recognized." "I could definitely sense the change." In response, Noel nodded, giving Valyr a slight smile soon after. "However, what you've done is only the first step. There are still a lot of things for you to do in the Shadow Plane before you are truly eligible to fight against a Shadow Serpent." "With that, there are two objectives on the quest I've given you that you could choose to do at the moment." "Improving the quality of my Shadow Energy or increasing the quantity of my Shadow Energy, right?" Asking this question, Valyr went ahead and asked another after the elder nodded at his first one. "Which would be faster among the two, Elder Noel?" "Hmm…" Scratching the back of his head for a bit, Noel rubbed his chin in ponderation for a bit before eventually giving Valyr an answer. "To be honest, increasing the amount of Shadow Energy you have access to at once is generally harder than improving the quality. After all, you have to fight a ton of monsters to increase your quantity, while you would only have to sit down and condense the Shadow Energy that you have to improve its quality." "So, I should focus on improving my quality first?" asked Valyr in response to Noel's explanation. "Eh…" Hearing Valyr's question, Noel had a somewhat conflicted expression. "You could definitely go ahead and do that, but condense a single point of Shadow Energy to improve its quality compared to condensing many points of Shadow Energy to improve its quality is leagues apart in difficulty. Unless if you have an affinity towards Shadow Energy, I would recommend you go for quantity first before quality." "So, quantity it is." Valyr nodded. "You could have told me to focus on quality first, you know?" "I could, but you wouldn't have known which to prioritize first." Noel nodded in agreement. "Well… I guess you may be correct." Though Valyr felt that he could come up with a counterargument in response to Noel's statement, the young man decided not to push it any further. "Since I'm going to focus on quality, which monster should I be hunting down, Elder Noel?" "Since you're still far away from reaching a bottleneck from killing Shadow Bears, then kill those first. Only when you feel like your progress has stagnated will we move onto other monsters," said Noel in response, to which Valyr nodded. "Any idea on what comes after Shadow Bears, Elder Noel?" Valyr glanced at the old man with a slightly curious expression. "Shadow Lions and Shadow Tigers." In response, Noel looked back at the young man with a calm expression, as if he was already expecting such a question to be asked. "I'm guessing they're far away from where the Shadow Bears are." Saying these words, Valyr took note of the old man's faint nod before deciding to make progress in his quest once more. Taking a deep breath in preparation for what he was going to do, he glanced back at Noel and asked, "How many hours left do we have in this place before we have to head back?" "Considering you took quite some time to know the ins and outs of your [Shadow Energy Mark], around 10 hours left, give or take." Hearing these words, Valyr sucked in a bit of cold air before letting out a low sigh. Then, with a determined expression, two orbs of orange crimson flames manifested above his palms as he took a step forward, only to start dashing in the direction of the Shadow Bears not long after. "I see." "Then, I won't take long." Chapter 420: Reaching A Bottleneck MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith A couple of hours had passed since Valyr had obtained recognition from the Shadow Plane and gained the [Shadow Energy Mark] skill. During those past couple of hours, he had been killing Shadow Bears left and right after being told by Noel to focus on improving the quantity of his Shadow Energy first before deciding to condense it and improve its quality. While doing so, he took note of the many changes having the [Shadow Energy Mark] skill had while in combat and while not in combat, with the most prominent change being the fact that he felt that his stats were slightly higher than they were without Shadow Energy. Wanting to ascertain this fact, Valyr tested his hypothesis by using a bit of his Shadow Energy in sending a lone Shadow Bear to the afterlife, faintly nodding after sensing that all of his stats had reduced by a point or two. With that in mind, he now understood that utilizing Shadow Energy was a balancing act between consuming it to land devastatingly strong attacks and conserving it to maintain a constant increase in his stats. 'Fortunately, using any of the skills from [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] would gradually reduce my stats, hence I am forced to not use Shadow Energy whatsoever.' At that moment of understanding, Valyr muttered this thought to himself, only to let out a wry chuckle not long after. 'Or should it be unfortunately instead?' After taking note of the change [Shadow Energy Mark] had brought to his combat style, he also took note of the fact that whenever he killed a creature from the Shadow Plane, a notification would pop up in response as his body absorbed the remnant Shadow Energy from the creature he killed. Ding! [Your Shadow Energy stat has improved by 0.03 points.] On the very first Shadow Bear he had killed after obtaining the [Shadow Energy Mark], Valyr was quite surprised to obtain a notification from the system that his Shadow Energy stat had improved by 0.1 points, prompting him to think that it wouldn't take long for him to accumulate 10 points and improve his Shadow Energy's quality. However, recalling the words Noel had mentioned to him earlier about not reaching a bottleneck from fighting Shadow Bears yet, it did not take long for Valyr to change his mindset, going through all of the Shadow Bears as quickly as possible to ensure that the rate of improvement of his Shadow Energy stat was consistent. e. co … "[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" "Graaaaaooo!!!" Watching as a swarm of blades made out of orange crimson flames headed towards its way, the Shadow Bear's instinct to charge towards Valyr no matter what swiftly disappeared, being replaced with the strong urge to flee as it tried its hardest to turn tail and run. Unfortunately, just like the other Shadow Bears Valyr had slain during the past couple of hours, the Shadow Bear was unable to distance itself from the blades, with most of them landing grievous damage on its body as it was gradually debilitated with each consecutive blow. By the end of it, what was left of the Shadow Bear was nothing more than a slightly disfigured corpse, to which Valyr stared at for a bit, only to let out a faint sigh soon after. Whoosh! A couple of seconds later, the condensed Shadow Energy the Shadow Bear had cultivated gradually extricated itself from the corpse before zipping through the air to enter Valyr's body not long after, making its way to the small black mass near Valyr's heart. Ding! [Your Shadow Energy has improved by 0.01 points.] [Your Shadow Energy has reached a bottleneck. From now onwards, killing Shadow Bears and lesser entities shall not net you any increase in Shadow Energy.] "I finally reached that bottleneck Noel was talking about." Deciding to use the time to take a quick break, Valyr sat down on a nearby boulder to catch his breath, commanding the system to bring up the description of [Shadow Energy Mark] sometime later. Ding! [Shadow Energy Mark] (Lv. MAX) Rarity: ??? Shadow Energy: 3/3 Grade: Impure (Common) Throughout the ages, a great number of beings have come into contact with Shadow Energy and have used its properties for their own uses, manipulating it as they see fit. However, only a select few have truly tapped into it, with only those who have traversed its origin, the Shadow Plane, being able to do so. As someone who has traversed the Shadow Plane, your connection with Shadow Energy has gained the recognition of the system, as well as the Shadow Plane itself, with the latter giving you a proof of identity that your control of Shadow Energy has now reached the level of a native creature of the Shadow Plane. This proof of identity is none other than the Shadow Energy Mark, a mark that takes on multiple forms depending on the being the Shadow Plane recognizes. It allows the one who has been recognized to improve the amount of Shadow Energy they control, as well as the quality of the Shadow Energy they control, eventually giving them the ability to traverse the Shadow Plane unimpeded. This skill allows the user to tap into Shadow Energy at any time, not needing to form a connection with the Shadow Plane anymore whenever the user wishes to do so. This skill also allows the user to store a small amount of Shadow Energy within their bodies, which could be improved by absorbing the Shadow Energy of other creatures within the Shadow Plane. This skill also allows the user to gain a boosting effect from the Shadow Energy within their bodies, with each point of Shadow Energy the user currently has inside their bodies boosting all of their physical and mental stats by 0.5% (Current boost: 1.5%). "Killing the Shadow Bears gave me an increase of two points, huh." Closing the screen once he was done reading, Valyr thought about how the Shadow Mammoths had more or less allowed his Shadow Energy to reach one point, with the increase the Shadow Bears brought to his Shadow Energy being double that. "Hmm… since Shadow Lions and Shadow Tigers are next, would they increase my Shadow Energy by three points, or would they increase it by four?" "Hmm…" Pondering over it for a bit, Valyr scratched the back of his head, letting out a low sigh not long after as he stood up, feeling like he had taken a long enough break. "Well, whatever the answer may be…" "There's only one way to find out." Chapter 421: The Tiers Of Cleansing MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Whoosh! "Finally done with the Shadow Bears, kid?" Seeing that Valyr had finally taken a break after killing Shadow Bears for so long, Noel jumped down from the branch he was sitting on, appearing in front of the young man he had keeping an eye on. ewel. o "I guess so." Valyr nodded in response. "I just gained a notification from the system that killing Shadow Bears wouldn't net me any Shadow Energy, so…" "I see." Listening to Valyr's words, Noel gave the young man a faint nod before proceeding to look at their surroundings, eventually focusing his gaze on a specific direction a few seconds later. "Since that's the case, I guess it's time for you to start killing Shadow Lions, then." "Alright." Nodding in response to the old man's words, Valyr went ahead and followed behind Noel, with the two of them zooming through the vast water plains of the Shadow Plane at speeds incomprehensible to a normal person. With the Shadow Energy faintly boosting Valyr's stats, this speed was increased by a considerable margin, making the trip to the next area a bit shorter than it would normally be. "Say, Elder Noel. I've been curious about something." Whilst the two of them were making their way to the area where the Shadow Lions were, Valyr glanced at the elder beside him and threw a question. "You put it as an objective on the quest you gave me to improve my Shadow Energy to the grade of 1st Cleansing." "That, I did." Noel faintly nodded, his eyes still glued to what was in front of them. "How hard is it to reach that grade?" Taking note of the old man's response, Valyr went ahead and asked the question he wanted to ask him in the first place, only to follow up with an additional question after that. "Also, how many grades are there in total?" "Well…" Hearing the question thrown at him, Noel briefly scratched the back of his head as the gears in his mind turned. "The difficulty of reaching the grade of 1st Cleansing depends from person to person. But from what I've gathered while imparting to others the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass in the past, you could say that achieving it is a bit on the difficult side." "After all, it's the third grade of quality you could attain on your [Shadow Energy Mark]," said Noel soon after. Becoming silent for a bit as the two of them continued to run, Noel eventually opened his mouth once more, proceeding to go somewhat in-depth in his explanation regarding the grades of Shadow Energy quality to Valyr. "As far as I've attained, there are a total of seven grades to the Shadow Energy you could tap into." "Would I be correct in saying that your current grade of Shadow Energy is Impure?" Hearing that question, Valyr went silent for a couple of seconds before nodding in response. Nodding back at the young man, Noel then continued, "Impure would be the first and easiest grade of quality one could obtain through their [Shadow Energy Mark], considering that it's the default quality most people get when obtaining their mark for the first time." "However, for those who are a bit more talented or have a considerably high affinity for Shadow Energy, the quality of their Shadow Energy could reach a grade of Pure. With how the Impure grade corresponds to the Common rarity, then Pure grade corresponds to the Uncommon rarity, bringing along with it a great number of benefits those with Impure grade Shadow Energy don't have." "Of course, the higher the quality grade of your Shadow Energy, the more prominent these benefits get." At these words, Noel looked at the young man and flashed a slight grin. "After Pure comes the 1st Cleansing, which basically means that you're turning your already pure Shadow Energy and condensing it into a far purer form, with the 2nd Cleansing and 3rd Cleansing grade after that being more or less the same thing." "However, after the 3rd Cleansing grade, rather than focusing on condensing your Shadow Energy to make it purer, you instead condense your Shadow Energy to transform it into a greater version of itself." "This grade is called the 1st Metamorphosis." Saying these words, Noel's expression turned somewhat solemn, letting out a soft sigh soon after. "Out of all the people I've imparted the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass to thus far, only I have been able to reach this grade. In fact, I've even gone beyond it and achieved 2nd Metamorphosis." "I presume that the grade after that would be 3rd Metamorphosis, considering the pattern that exists in the previous grades, but I can't be so sure." At these words, Noel took a look at Valyr. "In any case, I hope you could be the next person to achieve what I have achieved, especially since I've gone out of my way to accompany you to the Shadow Plane." "I won't make any promises, but I'll definitely try my best, Elder Noel. After all, even I think it's a waste to only stop at becoming a Shadow Serpentine Lancer." Committing all of the information he had obtained from Elder Noel to memory, Valyr gave the old man a response that more or less satisfied the latter. After that, the two of them redoubled their efforts in traversing the Shadow Plane, eventually arriving at the area for Shadow Lions a few minutes later. … "Here we are." Gradually reducing their speed to a grinding halt, Noel took a look at the area in front of them before shifting his gaze to the young man. "I don't have a lot to tell you about the Shadow Lions, except for the fact that they're creatures solidly at Rank 3." "Oh, and also, they're pretty territorial. Either way, I'm pretty sure you'll be able to take them down without much of a problem." Taking Noel's words to heart, Valyr waved farewell to the old man before proceeding to head deeper into the area before them. Surprisingly, not even a couple minutes later, Valyr had come into contact with one of the Shadow Lions he had to fight against, blurting out what he thought about the Shadow Lions in his mind as he identified the creature before him. "That's… definitely a cat-sized lion." Ding! [Shadow Lion (Epic Elite)] (Level 45) Class: Shadow Lion (Uncommon) HP: 6,144/6,144 MP: 2,640/2,640 Stats: 256 VIT, 352 STR, 376 AGI, 298 DEX, 110 INT, 176 WIS, 184 PER, 90 LUK Skills: [Charge], [Swipe], [Basic Shadow Energy Affinity], [Inferior Regeneration], [Berserk], [Basic Physical Damage Resistance],… Remarks: Ever imagined a cat with a mane? Chapter 422: Facing The Shadow Lions MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith With Valyr moving onto the Shadow Lions to progress past the bottleneck he had obtained after slaying a lot of Shadow Bears, yet another couple of hours had passed since the young man had begun his killing spree. Similar to the first Shadow Bear he had killed after obtaining the [Shadow Energy Mark], Valyr had earned a great level of improvement to his [Shadow Energy Mark] after absorbing the Shadow Energy of the Shadow Lion he had killed. However, aside from that, the great increase in his capacity accompanied with it a feeling that was quite difficult to describe in great detail. Though, if Valyr were to sum it up into one word, then the feeling he felt from the absorption of Shadow Energy would be… An explosion. At the very moment the Shadow Energy from the Shadow Lion made contact with Valyr's body and made its way to the small black mass near his heart, the young man felt a small explosion occur within the small black mass, which caused the black mass to grow a small amount in size, while the amount of Shadow Energy it could now store at one time now seemed greater than ever before. If Valyr were to describe the difference between the amount of Shadow Energy the small black mass could store previously to after the explosion had occurred, it was akin to comparing a small puddle to a considerably sized lake. Nevertheless, after that, Valyr placed most of his focus into killing the Shadow Lions as quickly as possible, taking into consideration that they only had less than eight hours left to stay in the Shadow Plane after he had reached his first bottleneck. With that, the young man went into a frenzy during the past couple of hours, not holding back in his consumption of mana as he wantonly sent out all of the strongest magic-based attacks he could muster, trying to keep the same combat efficiency he had while fighting the Shadow Bears as much as possible. … "[Intermediate Fire Magic Style: Cascading Blaze]." "[Intermediate Wind Magic Style: Billowing Tempest]." "Combine." Whoosh! Watching a group of Shadow Lions hastily make their way to where he currently stood, Valyr had a solemn expression on his face as he conjured one magic spell after another, only to combine them together before sending them out in the Shadow Lions' direction. With how Valyr had used this combination of magic spells multiple times already, it did not take long for the effect he wanted to achieve to appear before
