how it was already far away from him. "Huu…" Letting out a long and drawn-out sigh, the glow surrounding Hal's blade gradually disappeared, only for the glow around his body to follow suit and disperse as well. Then, letting out a low sigh, he stored the blade he wielded into his spatial bracelet before looking at Valyr with a wry smile. "Well then," said Hal as he looked at the man before him. "With how you still remained standing in place even when such a ferocious attack was heading your way… I don't know if I should call you foolish or courageous." "Call me both, then." Hearing Hal's words, Valyr let out a chuckle as he placed the spear behind his back one last time, scratching the back of his head once he was done. "So, are we going to continue our fight?" "There's no need." Hal let out laughter as he shook his head. "You win." "Huh? But we haven't even figured out who the victor is among us." At those words, a look of confusion appeared on Valyr's face. After all, never once had he landed a hit on Hal. Then again, his opponent had never landed a hit on him either. "Of course, we have." Maintaining a faint smile as he responded to Valyr's query, Hal pointed at the young man. "If I were in your situation, I would have run away from the attack I sent out, especially if I knew that the attack heading my way would undoubtedly leave me an inch away from death." "On the other hand, you remained where you were and even used such a deadly attack as a form of retaliation. If I were unaware of the position of the attack I sent out, it would have definitely left me with quite the grievous injury." Saying these words, Hal let out a bitter chuckle. "Though it could be said that we're more or less on the same level of combat strength with how we've fought so far, in terms of tactics, I have a long way to go to reach your level." "Especially with how you've even considered your life as a necessary sacrifice for victory." "…well, if you put it that way, then I guess I have no choice but to oblige." Scratching the back of his head as he took Hal's words as a sort of compliment, Valyr let out a slightly awkward chuckle. "Since I'm the winner of this fight... shall we move onto the next fight of this tournament, then?" "Let us indeed." Nodding in agreement to Valyr's suggestion, Hal and Valyr soon made their way back to the edge of the crater before signaling the beginning of yet another fight that only a few would come to know. Chapter 512: The Tournament Ends Whilst Hal had declared the winner of the fight between him and Valyr, Loreina and Faulus looked at the crater, then at each other for a bit before wryly smiling. "It seems we've still underestimated Ylvar even after he had revealed the strength he had been hiding," said Loreina, prompting Faulus to nod in response as he recalled the faint hope he had that Valyr would be able to triumph over Hal in their fight. "He's really hidden himself quite well, don't you think?" asked Faulus in response, to which Loreina nodded in agreement. "At this point, I wouldn't be surprised if he's still hiding a bit of his strength in his fight against Hal." "I wouldn't be surprised either," replied Loreina, only to go silent for a bit as she pondered over the thought. "Though, if you think about it, with how Hal unleashed his Intent Seed towards Ylvar, the chances of the latter still having strength to spare is quite low." "In any case, both of them are truly monsters in combat." Thinking that their conversation would eventually end up going nowhere, Faulus decided to end the topic of their conversation with a statement he and Loreina could agree on, only to see that the two combatants were making their way to where they currently sat. "With the fight between me and Ylvar done, I suppose we only have three fights left before we figure out who will be leading the group during the inheritance." As the two combatants waved at Loreina and Faulus with smiles on their faces, Valyr and Hal sat down next to the two just as the latter began to speak. "Rest first before talking about that," said Loreina in response as she turned around to look at Faulus. Fortunately, Faulus swiftly understood what the young woman meant by her gaze, rummaging out a couple of vials from his spatial bracelet before giving it to the two that had just fought. "Here. Some leftover potions from the batch I concocted earlier." "Thanks." Thanking Faulus as he flashed a toothy grin, Valyr received the potions he had been given before consuming them one by one, allowing his energy reserves to swiftly return to their peak condition as he felt incredibly refreshed. "Haah… I needed that." Of course, Hal had done the same thing as Valyr, with the only difference being the fact that he began to lay down on the ground after doing so. "It's been a while since I've gone all out to that extent." "You should probably take the time to get more used to it after this tournament is over," suggested Valyr after hearing Hal's words, prompting the latter to look at him for an explanation. "After all, we don't know what we'll be up against in the inheritance, so it would be better for us to be in the strongest state we could possibly achieve." "Which is why you should really spend more time learning combat," said Loreina to Faulus as she agreed with Valyr's words. "You don't have to tell me that twice, you know." Feeling a bit embarrassed from Loreina's words after hearing Valyr and Hal laugh in response to it, Faulus decided to shift the conversation to another topic before he would possibly get humiliated again. "So, what are the three remaining fights after your break?" <subtxt>.</subtxt> "You versus me." Answering Faulus' question, Hal sat up straight. "You versus Loreina, and then Ylvar versus Loreina." "Yeah… make that only one fight left." Hearing the remaining match-ups for the tournament, Faulus did not hesitate to abstain his participation, bitterly smiling as he compared his current combat strength to the three. "With the conclusion of my fight against you and Loreina being more or less obvious, I don't really see a need for me to fight against you two." "Are you sure? Don't you think there might be a slight chance for you to turn the tides and triumph against us?" Raising his eyebrow in slight doubt, Hal looked back at Faulus with a calm expression as he asked the question. "If it were any other person, sure. But against you or Loreina… I stand no chance." In response, the bitter smile on Faulus' face only became more bitter. "For now anyway." "Well, if that's what you choose…" Though he found it a slight shame to not be able to fight against Faulus, Hal understood the other side's concern, faintly letting out a sigh as he nodded. After that, he turned to look at Valyr. "How about you, Ylvar? Are you planning to cancel the fight as well?" "I'll be the one to answer that question." Just as Valyr was about to respond that he wouldn't mind continuing to fight, Loreina interrupted the young man before he could do so, taking the initiative to respond to Hal's question. "I'll be conceding my participation in the fight against Valyr," said Loreina without a single shred of hesitation, her expression telling Hal as if she had already made her mind up on the situation. "Though I may have a chance at winning the fight if I were to go all out, I would rather save that energy for the upcoming inheritance instead." "Well… understandable." Listening to the young woman's reasoning, Hal turned his head to look at Valyr, who could only shrug his shoulders as he understood the woman's perspective. Letting out a low sigh after seeing that Valyr was fine with it, Hal briefly scratched his head as he thought to himself that the end of the tournament seemed incredibly lackluster when compared to his fight against Valyr. "With Loreina and Faulus conceding their participation in the remaining fights, the leader of the expedition into the upcoming inheritance will be…" Taking a brief glimpse at the sky before deciding to stand up, Hal took in a deep breath as he announced the overall winner of the tournament. "Ylvar." Closing his eyes for a bit, he eventually turned his head to look at Valyr, who gave him a wide grin as he stood up before jokingly giving a speech to the others, thanking them for giving him the opportunity to lead the group in the upcoming inheritance. Then, after talking with one another regarding their preparations for the journey into the inheritance, the four of them went their separate ways, all of them meeting up with the escorts that had accompanied them to the crater. "Julian's going to be ecstatic once he hears about this." Wrapping his arms over Valyr's shoulder by the time the latter had appeared before him, Zeik widely grinned at him as the two of them made their way back to the Blacksmith Guild. "Hopefully, this nets me some sort of reward from the Guildmaster," said Valyr in response, to which Zeik responded with a bit of laughter as he told the young man that Julian would undoubtedly reward him with what he'd achieved. However, just as he was about to continue his conversation with Zeik as they made their way back… Ding! [Noel Voragine (Lvl. 87) has sent you a message.] Chapter 513: Back To The Shadow Plane 'Did he head to the Akashic Battlefield these past few days?' Taking a look at the notification he had received, Valyr already knew what kind of message he would read, focusing his attention on the sender's increased level for the meantime. Opening up the chat function in front of him, he then asked Zeik if they could stop for the meantime. "It's been quite some time since we've ventured the Shadow Plane, brat." Reading the message he had gotten from Noel, the young man faintly let out a chuckle as he subconsciously began to pace back and forth. "I suppose you haven't forgotten the fact you still need to kill a Shadow Serpent to complete the quest I've given you?" "I have not," said Valyr in response, even though the real answer to the question was the exact opposite. With how preoccupied he was with other stuff while waiting for the day of the tournament to arrive, the reminder of needing to head back to the Shadow Plane to complete some unfinished business gradually disappeared from the back of his head. "Hey, Zeik." Feeling like the elder would leave him no choice but to head to the Spearman Guild to slay a Shadow Serpent, Valyr decided to give Julian a heads-up as he inwardly let out a faint sigh. "Unfortunately, due to some abrupt changes, I won't be able to head back with you to the Blacksmith Guild. Could you inform the Guildmaster that I'll be heading to the Spearman Guild if he needs me?" "Alright." Though finding the abrupt change somewhat odd, Zeik eventually nodded in response, casting a few skills on himself that enhanced his movement speed in preparation for his journey back. "Got anything you want me to tell Julian once I get there?" "Remind him that I'll be waiting for my reward." In response, Valyr let out a bit of laughter, to which Zeik let out some as well. "Got it. Take care for now, then." Waving farewell to the young man for the meantime, Zeik soon dashed through the flat plains outside the walls of the kingdom, his silhouette disappearing from Valyr's field of vision within seconds. "Well, let's get this over with." Seeing that he was now alone, Valyr took a look at his current surroundings to find out in the off chance that someone was tracking him. Finding out that there were none, he then went ahead and activated all of the skills in his arsenal that boosted his movement speed, soon heading in the direction of the Spearman Guild at a speed considerably slower than Zeik's. "Since you haven't forgotten, I suppose now would be a good time for us to enter the Shadow Plane once more, no?" Bringing up the chat function in front of his field of vision once more, Valyr read through the next few messages Noel had sent him, the latter among them leaving him with the feeling of being spied on. "Especially with the tournament between the inheritance's candidates being over and all." <subtxt>.</subtxt> "…did the Guildmaster inform you?" Swiftly getting over the feeling he had just felt as he took in a few deep breaths, Valyr then thought about the multiple possible ways Noel had come across the knowledge, eventually going with what seemed the most obvious. "That he did." Fortunately, Noel's response confirmed his most likely hypothesis, prompting Valyr to inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he thought of the elder as someone who could send spies to track him if he wanted to. "Fret not, brat. He only informed me of the tournament, not its purpose." "Though it definitely won't take me that long to find that out if I wanted to," added the elder on a follow-up message, the feeling of being spied on returning to envelop Valyr's body. "In any case, with you currently unoccupied with other tasks, and the fact that there's still a lot of sunlight, now is the best chance for you to become a true Shadow Serpentine Lancer once and for all." Letting out a low sigh as he read the elder's final message, Valyr swiftly suppressed the feeling he felt as he selected Julian as the recipient of his message. "I'll be heading to the Spearman Guild for the meantime to meet up with Elder Noel. Might only be able to come to the Blacksmith Guild tomorrow." Wanting to keep his message brief yet straightforward, Valyr pondered over the words making up his message for a while as he continued to dash through the vast plains surrounding the kingdom. "Take your time. Would prefer if you came tomorrow anyway." By the time he was about a couple hundred meters away from one of the kingdom gates, Julian had responded back to his message, with the latter portion being somewhat cryptic. Deciding that he would focus on the promotion of his subclass for the meantime, Valyr placed the thought at the back of his head for now as he arrived at the Spearman Guild not long later. … "And here I thought I'd be waiting around for a bit longer." Opening up the door that led to the room where Elder Noel stayed, Valyr was instantly greeted by the voice of a familiar old man, causing a bitter smile to appear on his face. "I would definitely like to apologize that I've been busy for the past few days," said Valyr in response, to which Noel responded by waving his hands in nonchalance. "Unlike before, you being busy these past few days isn't really much of a problem," replied Noel, faintly grinning. "Especially with the waves you've set off through the kingdom with what you've achieved. Perhaps, even the empire has already caught wind of your feats." "Is that so?" Though Valyr was slightly confused at first by what Noel meant, it did not take long for him to put two and two together in his mind, understanding that the old man before him was talking about the artifact he had forged a few days ago. "Has that caused any issues?" "Not any issues that you or I would need to care about, but definitely some issues have arose for others because of what you did." Saying these words, Noel let out a chuckle before placing his hands on the ground. Then, summoning a portion of his Abyssal Energy, a magic circle was swiftly created, the rift that led to the Shadow Plane appearing above it not long after. "In any case, let's not think about those matters for the meantime." "For now, it's time for you to kill a Shadow Serpent." Chapter 514: Finding A Shadow Serpent Whoosh! Unlike before, Valyr was the first one to enter the rift leading to the Shadow Plane, feeling the ever familiar Shadow Energy envelop him in an instant. However, rather than envelop his body in a way that felt more like a dog greeting their owner, it was as if the Shadow Energy had bound him in place, rendering all of his senses useless. Fortunately, the sensation only lasted for a brief moment, with the Shadow Plane recognizing his connection to it. With that, the glum yet topsy-turvy landscape appeared before the young man once more, the small incident he had experienced just as he had entered already forgotten. "So, how long do we have till we have to leave the Shadow Plane, Elder Noel?" Seeing as Noel had also made his way to the other side, Valyr went ahead and took the time to ask a question while acclimating himself once again to his current environment. "Roughly two days, give or take," said Noel in response, also having undergone the same check from the Shadow Plane as he went in. Though, with his control over Abyssal Energy rather than Shadow Energy, the Shadow Plane had recognized his existence far earlier. "Since you've already accomplished the other objectives of my quest the previous time we were here, the only thing left for you to do is to slay a Shadow Serpent and make its Shadow Energy your own." Looking around their surroundings to sense where a Shadow Serpent could be lurking about, Noel eventually stopped moving in place, soon focusing his sights in a certain direction. Swoosh! Taking in a deep breath, Noel summoned a considerable amount of Abyssal Energy before using it to create a solid platform that would allow him and Valyr to stand on it. Willing it to hover a couple of meters above the ground, he then hopped onto the platform, beckoning Valyr to get on it not long after. Nodding in response, Valyr swiftly jumped with a calculated amount of strength, the force behind it being more than enough for him to land stably on the floating platform of Abyssal Energy. Feeling part of the platform moving around his feet to affix him in place, the young man did not put up any resistance as he looked at the old man in front of him and asked a question. "Are we heading for a Shadow Serpent already?" "Mhm." Noel nodded, soon propelling the platform forward once he made sure that the two of them were fully affixed. "With the amount of time we have in this place, it would be better for you to fight a Shadow Serpent as soon as possible in order to accrue experience fighting against it." "Speaking of which, it seems like your strength has improved compared to the last time we met," added the old man after sensing the change in Valyr's aura. "Well, I did mention that I'll be heading to the Akashic Battlefield before I left." Valyr let out a bit of laughter. "In any case, I didn't spend the past few days idling around." "Definitely not." Noel let out some laughter in response as he nodded in agreement. "The fact that you forged an Artifact while only being in the peak of Rank 2 already says a lot about your potential. It's a good thing you decided to use another identity while partaking in that forging duel." "Wait… how did you know that was me?" As the feeling of being spied on returned to envelop his body, Valyr asked what was an obvious follow-up question to the response. "How could it not be obviously you?" Turning to look back at Valyr, Noel shook his head as he let out a low sigh. "With how brazen you were in using your Shadow Energy, it wouldn't even take a second for someone like me to figure out that you had another identity underneath." "Right…" Recalling how he had used Shadow Energy to refine a few materials during the forging duel, Valyr let out an awkward chuckle as he scratched his cheek. "Does that have something to do with the issues you've mentioned earlier?" "Somewhat." Stopping in midair as they had already traversed a great distance across the Shadow Plane, Noel looked around their current surroundings for a bit before continuing to move in another direction. "For one, all those that have picked up Shadow Energy, whether they learned it from me or not, have been pestered by a great number of people these past few days." "Aside from that, many people have been heading to the Blacksmith Guild to inquire about you… or the identity you had during the duel, rather," Noel continued. "Hmm…" Though he felt somewhat guilty for the innocent people that had gotten involved in the mess, it did not take a lot of thinking for Valyr to figure out a couple more reasons why people wanted to see him, excluding the ones he had already figured out during his conversation back then with Julian. "Political power, huh…" As Valyr muttered these words, a faint expression of surprise briefly appeared on Noel's face, only to remember that the young man's existence revolved around political power in the first place. If anything, it was nothing more than a usual day for the young man if one took the young man's true identity into consideration. 'I wonder what's going on in that brat's mind at the moment…' Feeling curious after Valyr had gone silent all of a sudden, Noel placed those thoughts at the back of his
