Uncommon grade Skill Key, and 1,049,986 XP to upgrade 'True Prodigious Equipment Advancement' to the peak of Uncommon grade?] Saying yes to the prompt that had popped up, a great influx of information soon inundated the entirety of Valyr's mind. Though it was by no means a pleasant experience, the amount of information flowing through the young man's mind at that moment was still tolerable compared to what he had put himself through in the past. Neatly organizing and processing all of the information he had gained from upgrading the skill to the peak of Uncommon grade, Valyr let out a satisfied sigh as he finally looked at the pile of equipment he was going to work with. "These guys have really been taken good care of by their respective guilds." Although he hadn't noticed it at first, the equipment everyone else gave for him to upgrade were more or less around the same rarity as his current armor set. Utilizing [Greater Analysis] on them a couple of times, a bitter smile soon adorned his face as he thought about all of the hardships he had to go through to upgrade his equipment to their current states. 'I even got a curse placed on me just because I wanted to upgrade my equipment,' jokingly thought the young man, faintly chuckling as he continued to look at the equipment the others were using. Eventually, one of the pieces of equipment from the others caught his eye, though it was not due to its design or function. It was the rarity of the equipment itself. 'Mystia definitely dotes on Vera a lot… if this piece of equipment doesn't already make it obvious.' Taking in a few deep breaths to calm himself, a slight smile appeared on his face as he read through the information written on screen. Ding! [(+20) Arcane Mystic Staff of Excellence] (Level 35) Rarity: Legendary+ Weapon Bond: Lv. 1 (Vera Aschel) Attack: 2,806 - 4,676 Foundation Tier: None Forge Quality: Transcendent Additional Attributes: > AGI + 18 > INT + 20 > WIS + 32 A staff forged by a legendary entity of the Mystic Plane, this staff… description has been omitted. <Innate Skill 1: Mystic Resonance - Whenever the user uses an attack based on Mystic Energy with the staff, all damage dealt by those attacks are increased by 10%.> <Innate Skill 2: Arcane Resonance - Whenever the user uses an attack based on mana with the staff, all damage dealt by those attacks are increased by 10%.> <Innate Skill 3: Arcane Mystic Transformation - Allows the user to briefly tap into the energies of the Mystic Plane, transforming into the commander of Mystic Energy itself. For 15 seconds, the user can cast as many skills as they want, as long as it is based on Mystic Energy or mana. After the skill ends, the user's ability to use any magic-based skills is nullified for 3 hours. Cooldown: 7 days. Cost: 99% of the user's MP and Mystic Energy.> Remarks: Such a weapon can only instill fear into one's enemies. 'Even if I take into consideration the fact that its awakened attributes don't scale with Vera's current strength, this is a weapon that even I'd be jealous of.' Whistling in admiration after he was done reading through its information, the young man placed the staff to the side as he began to upgrade all of the equipment that he had been given. As the weapon's description still lingered in his mind, a thought eventually surfaced in the midst of his upgrading session. 'The blacksmith that forged this has definitely got to be Rank 5 at the very least, owning an Epic blacksmith class probably. If not Rank 5, then that blacksmith would be at the peak of Rank 4 with a Legendary blacksmith class.' Though Epic and Legendary was only a single rarity in difference, the difficulty in forging an equipment with the latter grade was hundreds of times greater than forging an equipment with the former grade. Even Valyr did not believe he could forge a piece of Legendary grade equipment any time soon, even though he was the owner of a Mythic blacksmith class. Then again, the difficulty of forging Legendary grade equipment was nowhere near the difficulty of forging Mythic grade equipment, wherein even someone at the peak of Rank 5 could only dream of forging one. Of course, having a Legendary or Mythic blacksmith class made the chances of one forging something like that higher, though one would be better off saying there was no difference in one's chances at all. Nevertheless, by the time one was at the peak of Rank 5, it could be said that one would only need to put in a bit more effort if one wanted to forge Epic grade equipment. If one had high stats, great levels of skill, and a decent blacksmithing class, then the chances of one forging a piece of Epic+ grade equipment was considerably high. 'I'll probably start seeing more Epic grade equipment once I head to the Meltierre Empire,' thought Valyr to himself as he finished upgrading Faulus' equipment to the peak of Rank 3. 'Then, I guess Epic would be the new Rare once I make my way to the Zeihardt Sovereignty… whenever that may be.' Making sure that [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] was active, the young man double checked if he had upgraded Faulus' equipment before moving onto Hal's equipment. Being composed of a sword and a few pieces of armor, the young man hammered away at it with his Hammer of Beginnings as he began to whistle a tune. Eventually, by the time a couple of hours had passed, the young man had gone and upgraded everyone else's equipment to the peak of Rank 3. In fact, he even went ahead and refined all of the equipment with a low refinement level to +10, which made him briefly wonder why it had not been refined to that level by the blacksmiths that had forged it. Reminding himself that it was only possible for him to do so due to him owning a Mythic blacksmith class, Valyr finally went ahead and focused on his equipment after giving everyone's equipment back to their respective owners, which prompted him to receive a few words of gratitude from the others. 'Though it's quite tempting, I'll save the Advancement stuff for my equipment.' Placing his spear on the anvil as he began to upgrade it to the peak of Rank 3, the young man thought about the urge he had earlier to try Advancement on everyone else's equipment. Though Enhancement, Refinement, and Advancement all sought to awaken the latent potential of equipment and increase its strength, these things approached that awakening in different ways. For one, Enhancement was more or less self-explanatory, improving the materials that were already there in order to obtain more strength. On the other hand, Refinement was slightly more convoluted as it refined the process of enhancement rather than the material itself. In a way, that difference was the reason why there was a limit to how far one could refine equipment depending on its rarity. As for Advancement, it approached the improvement of strength differently from Enhancement and Refinement. If both Enhancement and Refinement were said to approach improvement from an external standpoint, then Advancement approached improvement from an internal standpoint. In other words, Advancement aimed to improve the strength of equipment by changing the foundation of the equipment material itself. Because of this, there existed a limit on how far one could improve equipment through this process, with a piece of equipment at the highest possible rarity only being able to go through five advancements at most. Aside from that, there was also a minimum requirement if one wished to advance an equipment's foundation, which was the fact that it needed to be a piece of Uncommon grade equipment at the very least. Then again, the chances of succeeding to improve its foundation by one tier at that grade was considerably low. That was why most blacksmiths only began to start toying around with the concept of Advancements on Epic grade equipment, which could handle two advancements if the blacksmith wished to do so. It was also the reason why the young man had a strong urge to try the concept out on the equipments of the other four since the lowest grade out of all of them was Epic. "Alright. Let's get this show on the road. These things won't upgrade by themselves." Discarding all of the unnecessary thoughts that continued to linger in his mind, Valyr finally began to go through his equipment and upgrade them. With that, the sound of constant hammering faintly resounded throughout the area as he continued to work through the night. Chapter 587: Four Pillars: Late Night Visit "And with this, I'm finally done upgrading everything." Wiping off the sweat on his forehead as he placed his hammer to the side, Valyr identified the final piece of equipment he had been working on with [Greater Analysis] while smiling. Seeing how much of a difference Enhancement and Advancement had brought to his equipment's stats, he began to feel giddy at the thought of using them in battle tomorrow. Allowing the feeling to linger in his mind for a bit longer, the young man eventually began to pack up the temporary workshop into his spatial bracelet, letting out a sigh in the process. "I may have already done it thousands of times in the past, but I gotta say… advancing an equipment's foundation sure is tough work." As he had no Refinement Jewel on hand to safely refine all of his equipment to their limits, it went without saying that Valyr focused on Enhancement and Advancement. Save for his armor set that could go up to Level 62 thanks to its unique innate skill, his spear and the gun he had forged were both enhanced to the peak of Rank 3. In total, he had spent around an hour enhancing all of his equipment, yet the moon in the sky had already gone past its zenith. Naturally, the reason behind that was the fact that the young man proceeding to start experimenting with advancing his equipment's foundation, attempting it on his armor set first. With every piece making up his armor set being rated at Epic+ grade, Valyr did not have much fear in failing to advance the equipment's foundation to the 1st Tier. Nevertheless, the young man put his entire focus on the Advancement process, even though the skill he had gotten for it had made it considerably easier. Surprisingly, it had taken him roughly half an hour to advance a foundation to the 1st Tier, which seemed long when compared to how long it took him to complete other strengthening methods. It took him seconds to enhance equipment by a single level, while it took him a couple of minutes to refine equipment by a single level. Then again, in the grand scheme of things, 30 minutes to advance a foundation by one tier was already considerably short, with some blacksmiths taking hours, if not days to advance a foundation, only to fail at the very end. Using his True Wyvern Armor set as a way to get used to advancing an equipment's foundation yet again, it took him a total of five hours to advance everything by one tier, taking a long break in the middle. 'In any case, the hard work I put in has definitely paid off.' Vividly recalling the process of Advancement, which the young man thought it felt similar to rearranging the molecules that made up the material itself, Valyr went ahead and identified his spear, which had gotten a sizable improvement in power thanks to his actions. Ding! [(+10) Wrath of the Prodigious Tidemother] (Level 55) Rarity: Rare+ Weapon Bond: Lv. 2 (Valyr) Foundation Tier: 1st Tier Attack: 913 - 1,521 (+20%) Additional Attributes: > STR + 41 > AGI + 50 > DEX + 80 Previously a training weapon… description has been omitted. <Innate Skill… description has been omitted.> <Innate Skill… description has been omitted.> Remarks: Its might puts equipment of a higher grade to shame. Quite unfortunate that it has been seen as defilement by a higher being. "Darn." Letting out a brief whistle in admiration, Valyr focused his attention on the additional attributes that were attached to the equipment. "If only I hadn't gotten that curse, I would've been ecstatic to find out my spear boosts my DEX this much." "Then again, that all has to do with my class and subclass synergizing." The young man chuckled not long after, soon focusing his attention on the gun he had made. Identifying it with [Greater Analysis], a slight smile appeared on his face as he gazed at its new and improved stats. "I hope I get to use this at least once during the inheritance." Ding! [(+10) Primitive Arquebus Prototype] (Level 55) Rarity: Rare Foundation Tier: 1st Tier Attack: 7,029 - 11,715 Cooldown: 15 seconds Additional Attributes: > STR + 37 > DEX + 73 > PER + 29 Considered to be the next step on the path of ranged weapons, this weapon has been greatly inspired by the fire lance, a weapon that is considered to be the ancestor of a branch of ranged weapons called firearms. Forged by a truly prodigious blacksmith, this weapon has removed most of the downsides of the fire lance and enhanced all of its upsides, allowing it to resemble a weapon that is considered as a successor to the fire lance, the arquebus. Though such a weapon is not yet within the realm of knowledge of many, once it makes its debut, the weapon shall undoubtedly rattle the world with its might, giving not only a great amount of prestige to its creator, but also newfound possibilities. <Innate Skill 1: Full Burst - Allows the user to infuse mana into the weapon, combining with the gunpowder used to load the weapon to create a devastating amount of damage. Deals 200% of the user's Attack stat as damage. Cooldown: 2 minutes. Cost: 1,500 MP.> Remarks: The first of its kind. The beginning of what is yet to come. Having forged multiple ranged weapons in his past life, with most of them being guns in the later versions of Greater Beyond, almost all of the information contained within the weapon's description made Valyr feel a hint of nostalgia. There were quite a few differences between the descriptions of melee weapons and ranged weapons, though the most important differences between the two were its awakened attributes and its Attack stat. Though both melee and ranged weapons awakened STR and DEX as a possible attribute, where melee weapons would awaken AGI, ranged weapons would instead awaken PER as its third stat. Then again, such a difference is more self-explanatory as PER allows one's field of vision to expand, which was a great boon to all ranged classes. As for its Attack stat, ranged weapons generally tended to have a higher Attack stat compared to melee weapons. Unfortunately, they could only make use of this high Attack stat very sparingly, considering that all ranged weapons had a cooldown. In fact, even bows of varying types weren't exempt from this cooldown, though a skilled ranger could reduce this cooldown to levels similar to wielding a melee weapon with their skills. The fact that Valyr was able to reduce his gun's cooldown time to 15 seconds was a miracle in itself, considering that there were many steps that went to priming a gun for shooting, especially those similar to the one he currently had. Nevertheless, with his current prototype only being an intermediary step to the gun that he sought to obtain, he did not mind the trouble for the meantime. "I suppose I should get some rest before our trek begins." Doing a few stretches after not having moved much for hours, the young man went ahead and donned his entire armor set, affixing his trusty spear to his back. Feeling a great burst of strength course through his body from both being equipped, a faint smile appeared on his face as he made his way to the tents the others had set up, seeing that most of them were meditating rather than sleeping. Inwardly chuckling, the young man went to his tent as he thought to himself, 'They're probably consolidating their control over their newfound strength. After all, I didn't really see them push their bodies to the limit earlier.' 'Or perhaps they can't sleep well since they're thinking about their plans during our exploration of the inheritance.' At these thoughts, the young man slightly shrugged his shoulders, lying down on the makeshift bed the others had made. Though it was by no means better than his bed in the inn, it was still leagues better than the sleeping bag he had bought a day before. Closing his eyes, Valyr gradually allowed his body to relax as he knew their expedition later in the morning was an important indicator of how quickly they'd be able to explore the entire inheritance. However, after tossing and turning around on the bed for a bit, a bitter smile crept up on his face as his mind still seemed to be plenty awake. 'I guess now's a good time to make use of the things I got from the auction.' Faintly letting out a sigh at the fact that he could not sleep, a chuckle soon left Valyr's mouth as he thought to himself that he might be feeling the same thing as the others at the moment. Willing the skill book and vial he had gotten from the auction out of one of his spatial bracelets, the young man was about to consume the vial, only to hide the skill book in his spatial bracelet after sensing someone was tapping on the entrance of his tent to make themselves known. "Who is it?" Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity, wondering who among the other four would wander about this late in the night. By the time the person in question had entered the tent, the young man's mouth went slightly agape in surprise. "Faulus?" muttered the young man in slight disbelief. Nodding in response, Faulus looked back at Valyr with a bitter smile, only for his expression to show a hint of determination soon after. "I apologize for disturbing you this late in the night, but…" "Could you perhaps teach me how to fight?" Chapter 588: Four Pillars: Self-doubt . For a while, Valyr looked at the standing Faulus in silence. Though such a question seemed to have come out of nowhere from someone like him, it also made quite a lot of sense. Of course, in the grand scheme of things, Faulus' ability in combat was considered to be on the level of those among the top. After all, it was already difficult for one to surmount a gap between the early levels and the late levels of a rank, much less to say an entire rank itself. However, compared to someone like Hal and Valyr, the young man was indeed lacking when it came to the combat department. Then again, that thought was only worsened by the fact that he had fought against Valyr during the tournament, only for the entire fight to be the latter leading him on. And that was with Valyr not showing off all of the abilities in his skill set. Thinking about it for a bit more, Valyr let out a faint sigh as he consumed the vial of might, inwardly surprised at the amount of stats it had given him. Storing the empty vial in his spatial bracelet for the meantime, he looked at the young man before him. "I don't really mind teaching you, but why the sudden question?" "To be honest, I'm not sure." Hearing Valyr's words, Faulus wryly smiled. "Up to the moment we entered the inheritance, I was incredibly confident that I would be of great use to the journey." "I've even shored up my greatest weakness somewhat, giving me the confidence to fight against those at the peak of Rank 3 as long as I kept my calm." As Faulus continued with his words, the young man raised his eyebrows in interest, surprised that the former could improve his combat skills that quickly. Though he did not know whether the training he had gone through would translate over to his new levels of strength, Valyr was quite certain that Faulus would still become a force to be reckoned with. "Yet, for some reason, after we entered the inheritance and ascended to the peak of Rank 3, I've had this nagging feeling at the back of my head." While Valyr continued to listen to the man, Faulus let out a sigh. "All in all, I just don't know whether I'm ready." Looking down at the floor, the young man had a despondent expression on his face, making it evident to Valyr how the young man's worries had troubled him all this time. Scratching the back of his head for a bit, Valyr thought about what he wanted to say. "Well, I'm not really good at consoling people, but you've spent a lot of time preparing for this inheritance, right?" "Yeah." Faulus faintly nodded. "Ever since I was told I had been chosen as a candidate, I've put in a great amount of effort." "Why worry, then?" In response, Valyr let out a brief chuckle. "It feels quite contradicting if you were to compare it to the actions you've taken up to this point." Hearing his words, Faulus sighed once more. "I know… but still…" "Think of this way." Feeling as if the conversation would only go into a loop if he let the man continue, Valyr interrupted his thoughts. "Rather than worry over something that might be beyond your abilities, believe in the effort you've put into your preparations thus far." "Believe in my efforts…" Muttering these words to himself over and over, Faulus gradually looked as if a heavy burden was
