ability to ascend to higher rarities under special circumstances, may it be through the experience of the user, or special materials that the user may meld into the hammer. Due to its characteristics as a Special type equipment, this hammer's level grows in accordance to the user, removing the need for the user to have to enhance the hammer to their current level. This hammer increases the user's forging success rate by 30%, as well as the base stat of any equipment the user forges with the hammer equipped by 10%. <Innate Skill 1: Breath of Flame - Changes the affinity of the hammer to the Fire element, increasing the stats of any Fire-attribute equipment forged with the hammer by 25%. Effect stacks additively with the hammer's original effect.> <Innate Skill 2: Breath of Water -...> <...> <Innate Skill 5: Breath of Calm - Returns the affinity of the hammer to the Neutral element, increasing the stats of any equipment with no attribute forged with the hammer by 15%. Effect stacks additively with the hammer's original effect.> <Innate Skill 6: Breath of Beginnings - Changes the affinity of the hammer to the Origin element, increasing the stats of any equipment, either with any of the four basic attributes or without any attribute whatsoever, forged with the hammer by 35%. Has a small chance to tap into the equipment's innate potential and awaken an innate skill. Cooldown: 1 week.> Remarks: Now this. This is a true piece of equipment. "Hiss..." Sucking a bit of cold air through his teeth after he was finished reading through the hammer's description, a ton of thoughts instantly lingered within Valyr's mind, prompting him to think about the greater possibilities he would now have in the future with the Hammer of Beginnings being made. However, rather than delude himself in these thoughts, he instead pushed all of these thoughts to the side as to not overwhelm him, reminding himself to not let something like this affect him too much. Taking in a few deep breaths to regain composure, the young man then went ahead and shifted his gaze to the screen that contained the description of the title he had just obtained. Unfortunately, before he could even begin skimming through its contents, a familiar person appeared in front of his field of vision. "..." Staring at the young man in front of him for a while, Julian did not know what to say. Though he already knew of Valyr's capabilities as a blacksmith, considering that he knew that the latter had forged an Epic grade armor set that was considered an Emulation, the fact that the young man had forged an artifact was definitely beyond his expectations. After all, what could be better than any artifact replica than a true artifact? "Could you... could you let me take a look at the hammer?" Taking in a deep breath to root himself to reality, Julian finally asked a question at Valyr, to which the latter responded with a faint nod, giving the forging hammer to him after that. "This..." Activating his identification skill on the forging hammer, Julian was quickly left at a loss for words regarding its capabilities. As far as he could remember, most of the forging artifacts he had come across and known about in the past all focused on a certain element. If the artifact was stronger, then perhaps two. However, the artifact he was currently holding did not just focus on only one or two elements. It focused on five elements at once! As far as he knew, this was the first artifact of its kind! "..." Being left at a loss for words once more as he gave the hammer back to Valyr, he then shifted his gaze to look at his daughter, who had a bitter smile on her face as she had a faint idea of what was going on. "Even I didn't expect this to happen." Letting out a low sigh as he took a look at the artifact replica she had made, Julian gave his daughter an apologetic smile before slightly ruffling her hair. "You've done all that you can, Theraldine." "Now you're just making me feel like I haven't done enough." Though she tried to smile in response to her father's words, a few tears still began to brim around her eyes, reflecting the inner turmoil the young woman felt towards the current situation. "Go on, Dad. Make the announcement. I'll be fine." "Haah..." Sighing in response to his daughter's words as he nodded, Julian glanced back at Valyr, who now had a slightly apologetic smile on his face as he realized what he had inadvertently done. Bitterly smiling in response as he faintly shook his head, he then shifted his gaze to look at the awaiting audience. "To those that have stayed to watch the forging duel in its entirety, I thank all of you from the bottom of my heart." Taking in a deep breath, Julian's voice soon bellowed throughout the main hall, prompting everyone to focus their attention on him. "As the Guildmaster of the Blacksmith Guild, not only am I proud that the two before you have shown everyone the capabilities of the younger generation's greatest talents, but one of them has even given everyone here the honors to witness the birth of a new artifact!" "With that, there isn't really a need for me to make a decision now, is there?" At this question, the audience let out a loud cheer, causing a slight smile to appear on Julian's face not long after. "The winner of this forging duel is none other than..." "Ylvar!" Chapter 473: A Familiar Voice After Julian had announced the winner of the forging duel, the audience began to loudly cheer for Valyr, whose abilities far surpassed their initial expectations. After all, compared to Theraldine, whose abilities and skills were well-known throughout the kingdom, it would seem like the forging duel was just a platform for the young woman to showcase her abilities since she was up against someone no one in the crowd had any clue on. However, even though she did showcase her abilities to the audience, which was in no way inferior by any means, it was still lacking when compared to Valyr's display, forging a never before seen artifact right before their very eyes. Though everyone in the crowd was still unsure as to who the young man really was, all of them were certain young man that competed against Theraldine in this forging duel would soon be known by everyone in the kingdom, perhaps the entire human race because of this sole achievement. With satisfied expressions on their faces and looks that blatantly told anyone looking at them that they would spread the events that occurred in this forging duel, the crowd gradually began to disperse from the Blacksmith Guild's main hall, leaving only Theraldine, Valyr, and Julian behind. "With that finally settled, let's move onto the more important topic at hand." With a smile plastered on his face until the very last person from the crowd left the Blacksmith Guild, Julian's expression swiftly became serious as he turned to look at Valyr. "Why didn't you tell me you have the abilities to forge an artifact all this time?" "Even I didn't know I could forge an artifact, Guildmaster." Taking into consideration that the two of them weren't the only people there at the moment, Valyr responded to Julian's question with a polite tone. "I may be confident in being able to forge artifact replicas, but never once in my life have I thought that I've reached the skill level necessary to forge artifacts yet." "So, you're telling me you just got lucky?" Hearing Valyr's words, Julian raised his eyebrow in slight suspicion. After all, from the interactions he had with the young man so far, he was under the impression that the latter had a ton of secrets he did not want others to know. "That would be the best explanation for it," said Valyr in response, bitterly smiling. "Because I truly have no idea." 'Well, I do, but you'd have to have memories from the future first to be able to do it,' thought Valyr to himself at the same time, inwardly letting out a low sigh. 'Then again, I really wasn't expecting to forge an artifact at this stage. If anything, with the knowledge I have of forging artifacts, I thought I'd only be able to start making some once I reached a higher class rank.' 'I really got lucky this time around.' With this thought in mind, the bitter smile on Valyr's face gradually disappeared. "Hmm..." Noticing the expression Valyr was making, Julian looked at the young man for a bit more in silence, narrowing his eyes in slight suspicion. On the other hand, Theraldine stood by the side in silence, passively listening to the conversation that was going on. "Don't think too deeply into the matter, Julian. After all, don't you think that luck is also part of a blacksmith's skill set?" Just as Julian was about to tell both Valyr and Theraldine were free to leave, finally giving up on trying to learn the young man's methods, a pair of people had appeared before the three, their auras being in no way inferior to the aura Julian passively gave off. "Byron." Hearing the familiar voice coming from his back, a slight smile appeared on the middle-aged man's face as he turned around. "And here I thought you two would be staying where I was watching." "How could we not head down after seeing you start talking with the two?" Byron let out a bit of laughter in response, with Mystia beside him remaining silent. "As one of their seniors in the Blacksmith Guild, I should at least take a look at what the greatest talents of the younger generation are like, no?" "Well, you're not wrong." Hearing Vyron's words, Julian faintly laughed in response. Though, just as he was about to continue his conversation with Byron, Julian noticed the faint confusion written all over the faces of both Theraldine and Valyr, their current expressions obvious as to what they wanted him to do. "Ahem." Finally realizing that he began to ignore the presence of the two after Byron and Mystia appeared before them, Julian decided to include the former two into the conversation. "Now that I realize it, the two of you haven't met these people yet." Turning his body to look at both Valyr and Theraldine, Julian began to introduce the two to them. "The handsome man you see beside me is not only a good friend of mine, but is also one of the directors of the Blacksmith Guild's main branch. He goes by multiple titles, but he is most commonly known as the Metal Magister with how proficient he is while working with metals." "You definitely didn't skimp out on the compliments." Byron chuckled in response to Julian's introduction, facing both Valyr and Theraldine not long after with a smile. "Nice to meet you two. My name is Byron Allister, but you could call me Byron if you want. Though, as your Guildmaster has mentioned, I guess it would be weird for you to call a director in such an informal manner." "Greetings, Sir Byron." Looking at each other after Byron was finished speaking, Theraldine and Valyr faintly nodded at one another before simultaneously greeting the man Julian had introduced to them. "As for the woman that has accompanied him..." Seeing Byron nod at the greetings of the two with a warm smile, Julian proceeded to introduce the woman to the two, faintly scratching the back of his head in the process. "To be honest, I wasn't expecting such an esteemed guest to appear in such a shabby place like this." "You flatter me too much," said Mystia in response, letting out a faint playful giggle. "I guess being a director is not enough to be considered an esteemed guest." As for Byron, who heard what Julian said, it felt as if his friend had given him a direct blow to the face. "You're definitely an esteemed guest, Byron." Not wanting to listen to his friend's rant on how he should have been treated better as a guest, Julian swiftly clarified. "However, compared to the guest you brought along with you, your position is less... imposing, if you will." "Who is she, Guildmaster?" After hearing Mystia speak for a bit, Valyr briefly had a dumbfounded expression on his face, being reminded of a voice he had heard back then while he was at Astarto Village. Wanting to confirm whether his thoughts were correct, the young man took the initiative to ask. "Ah." Returning to the topic at hand, Julian let out an awkward chuckle as he began introducing Mystia to the two. "Unlike my good friend Byron here, she isn't affiliated with the Blacksmith Guild in any way. Instead, she's affiliated with the Meltierre Heavenly Court as their Imperial Alchemist." 'Wait... alchemist? Then, that means...' At Julian's mention of this word, Valyr faintly raised his eyebrow as he became even more suspicious of the woman's identity. Fortunately, it did not take much longer for his suspicions to be confirmed. "I would like to introduce the two of you..." "...to Mystia Aschel." Chapter 474: To One’s Liking 'She's the one!' At the very moment Julian had mentioned Mystia's full name, Valyr felt as if multiple fireworks had gone off in his head. In the meantime, a considerable number of memories from his time in Astarto Village started to surface in his mind. 'If it wasn't for me needing to find someone who could concoct the Basic Reinforcement Elixir in the village, I definitely wouldn't have come into contact with someone like her.' Going through his memories from the past, Valyr recalled the time he had met up with Astarto Village's alchemist at the time, which was Vera Aschel. With him requesting the young woman to concoct a set of Basic Physical and Mental Reinforcement Elixir for him to consume, Vera eventually agreed after Valyr showed that he already had the materials needed to concoct the elixirs in the first place, as well as the fact that he was fine with her wasting some of the materials he had gathered in order to get used to the process. However, as she only knew what the Basic Reinforcement Elixir was and not the process that would allow her to concoct it, Vera sought the help of her mentor. And that was the moment when Valyr had come into contact with the woman named Mystia. 'I wonder if she still remembers me.' Recalling the brief conversation he and Mystia had over the magic orb Vera used to contact her, Valyr bitterly smiled. 'On second thought, I'm pretty sure she still remembers me.' 'After all, I've just blatantly told her at that time that I was Valyr Zeihardt. It would be impossible for her to forget someone who basically told her that he was the one everyone in the Zeihardt clan was looking for.' With this thought lingering in his mind, he briefly glanced at Mystia, who glanced back at him with slight curiosity. 'Fortunately, I think she can't see through my facade.' Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief at the thought, he then proceeded to greet her alongside Theraldine, to which Mystia replied with a soft smile. "Alright, you two are free to leave. We'll talk about what happened here some other time. Especially you, Ylvar." Eventually thinking that it wouldn't really make sense for the two to be involved in their conversation, Julian changed his mind and allowed the two to leave, prompting them to bow in front of Byron and Mystia before proceeding to head to another part of the Blacksmith Guild for the meantime. "With that over with, how about I finally do my proper job as a host and give you two some place to rest? After all, the two of you did have to travel quite a distance." After watching the silhouettes of both Valyr and Theraldine disappear from the main hall, Julian returned his gaze to Byron and Mystia while faintly smiling. "Though I'd definitely like to take you up on that offer, a day of rest is the maximum amount of time the two of us could allow ourselves to have before we have to return to forging masterwork weapons." In response, Byron flashed an apologetic smile at the man as he explained their situation. "Is that so?" Hearing those words, a trace of disappointment briefly appeared on Julian's face, considering that it had been some time since he and Byron had met up. However, knowing the weight of the responsibilities the other side was shouldering, he quickly understood as he bitterly smiled. "I guess I'll have to save the good food and drinks for some other time." "Unfortunately." Byron bitterly smiled as well. "However, once this is all over, let's enjoy ourselves till our heart's content, okay?" "You better keep that promise, you hear me?" Letting out a bit of laughter, Julian nodded as he extended his hand for a handshake. "I definitely will." With a toothy grin, Byron nodded back as he reciprocated the handshake, looking at his good friend with a determined expression. Whoosh! After saying their farewells and their promises to one another once they met up in the future, Byron went ahead and conjured a rift that would teleport them part of the way back to where he and Mystia were originally working. Waving at his good friend one last time, Byron soon went ahead and walked through the rift he had made, removing his presence entirely from the Blacksmith Guild's main hall. "It was definitely nice meeting you, Miss Mystia." With Byron having already gone through the portal, Julian said his farewells to Mystia as well. "The conversations we've had earlier have definitely given me a lot of insight towards the art of blacksmithing, as well as the art of alchemy." "It applies both ways, Sir Julian." Hearing Julian's words, Mystia flashed a warm smile. "Just like how my words have expanded your horizons, so too have your words expanded mine. I am certain that the advice and words you've given me shall prove monumental in my assistance in Sir Byron's future works." "Oh, you flatter me too much." Not being used to taking compliments, Julian laughed the woman's words off. After that, he waved at her goodbye. "Safe travels." "I shall try my best to do so." Smiling once more, Mystia faintly nodded before proceeding to take a step into the rift. However, just as she was about to take another step and completely pass through the rift, a thought surfaced in her mind, prompting her to call out to Julian. "Say, Sir Julian. Would you happen to know the true identity of the young man dueling against your daughter earlier?" Hearing this question from Mystia, Julian, who had already turned around to head back to his private workshop, was forced to turn back as he pondered over the question. "Are you talking about Ylvar?" "Is that the young man's true name?" asked Mystia in response, giving Julian a knowing smile. "Though I've ignored it all this time, that does not mean I didn't notice he was using a skill to disguise his true identity." "Unfortunately, I cannot disclose his true identity to you, Miss Mystia. Even if you're the Meltierre Heavenly Court's Imperial Alchemist." With an apologetic smile, Julian let out a slightly disappointed sigh. "All I can say is that he is the one I've chosen to represent the blacksmiths in the upcoming Four Pillars' Inheritance. Nothing more, nothing less." "Alright, alright. I won't bring further headache to the Guildmaster." Mystia faintly chuckled, apologizing for the sudden question soon after. "With that, I shall truly take my leave now." "May you two have a safe travel back." Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief, Julian waved farewell at Mystia once more as she disappeared from the Blacksmith Guild's main hall, traveling through space to arrive at where Byron was currently waiting. … "Out of all the people I thought I'd come across again, I definitely wasn't expecting you to appear in this place." Whilst moving through the darkness of space, a faint smile appeared on Mystia's face, thinking back to the glance she and the young man shared earlier. "So, this was where you were, Valyr Zeihardt." Certain that Valyr thought his facade had fooled her, Mystia let out a bit of mischievous laughter. "To think you're hiding right under the Zeihardt clan's noses. Truly brave of you to do so." "However, there will eventually come a time where you'll have to reveal your true identity to the world. But considering that you're a part of my plans, as the magnanimous woman that I am, I'll make sure that time is as delayed as possible." As these words left her mouth, Mystia's laughter grew louder. "For now..." "I hope the surprise I prepared for you is to your liking." Chapter 475: Legend In The Making While Julian watched Byron and Mystia disappear from the Blacksmith Guild's main hall, Theraldine and Valyr had stayed near Julian's private workshop in the meantime. Thinking to each other that the Guildmaster still had more things to say to them, they recalled the words Julian told them before they left. "Hey, Theraldine." Continuing to wait for Theraldine's father to appear, Valyr decided to strike up a conversation with the young woman, his mind recalling what had transpired earlier. "What is it?" Oblivious to what was going on in the young man's mind, Theraldine looked back at Valyr, slightly curious. "Sorry," said Valyr in response, causing the young woman's expression to swiftly turn into that of confusion. "Sorry? Sorry for what?" "For what happened earlier," Valyr clarified, the sight of Theraldine with tears in her eyes still vivid in his mind. "Believe me when I say that I wasn't expecting to forge an artifact. At most, I was only going to forge an artifact replica that
