bit of laughter in response, Valyr finally moved away from the man and headed towards the entrance to the Rare Abyss, disappearing from the man's vision before appearing in the dungeon's room of respite a few seconds later. Feeling that he did not have much time to waste, as well as the fact that he more or less knew what he was up against, the young man swiftly headed through the door-shaped energy barrier, only to be greeted by a light gray skeleton wearing what seemed to be a robe made out of tattered rags. "[Greater Analysis]." Ding! [Skeleton Mage (Rare Elite)] (Level 45) Class: Skeleton Arcanist HP: 4,248/4,248 MP: 5,088/5,088 Stats: 177 VIT, 212 STR, 177 AGI, 88 DEX, 212 INT, 135 WIS, 121 PER, 79 LUK Skills: [Intermediate Spellcasting], [Basic Incantation], [Basic Mana Affinity]… Remarks: A strong foe when it comes to the art of magic… but surprisingly still ultimately a pile of bones. "I guess this is the first Rank 3 being I'll truly be fighting up against." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr psyched himself up as he extended both of his palms towards the skeleton, only to send out a barrage of blades made out of crimson flames soon after. Whoosh! "[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" Chapter 390: A Bone Crushing Experience "Haah… haah…" While making his way through the fourth room of the Rare Abyss, Valyr took the time to catch his breath, feeling a hint of exhaustion from the fights he had fought in the three previous rooms he was in. "It's definitely more exhausting when compared to my two previous runs, but man is it far better than my first attempt at the Rare Abyss back then." Gazing at the path before him to get an idea of how many Skeleton Mages he would have to fight before being able to proceed to the fifth room, Valyr rummaged through his memories to recall the layout of the Rare Abyss, which did not differ much from the first two dungeons in the fact that all three of them were procedurally generated. However, with the Common Caves' exit being found after 10 rooms, and the Uncommon Depths' exit being found at 12, one would only be able to exit the Rare Abyss once one has gone through 15 rooms. Not only that, but one would have to face against mini-bosses every five rooms, which meant that one would have to face a total of three mini-bosses before reaching the end of the Rare Abyss, which is two more when compared to the number of mini-bosses one would have to defeat in the Uncommon Depths. Though, just like the Uncommon Depths, being unable to defeat the mini-boss did not mean that one would have to submit to fate and disappear from the face of the planet. Instead, one would appear at the entrance of the dungeon they had entered, resetting the progress one has made in the dungeon back to zero. "[Intermediate Fire Magic Style]." "[Cascading Blaze]." "[Intermediate Wind Magic Style]." "[Billowing Tempest]." Arriving at the portion of the fourth room that would allow him to proceed to the next room, Valyr took a look at the great number of Skeleton Mages loitering around the large space before him, prompting him to utilize a combination of two elements he had used before to dish out great damage not long after. However, unlike before, all of the skills that went into its damage had increased by a grade, causing a far stronger maelstrom of fire and wind to wreak havoc at the skeletons that roamed about, all of which eventually succumbed to the damage before turning into a pile of ashes that sparsely covered the ground. "No sign of the third runic parchment anywhere." Dispelling the storm of fire and wind in less than an instant, Valyr then conjured a strong gust of wind to blow all bits of dust and ash to the edges of the space before proceeding to look for signs of the third parchment, even going so far as to bring out the large parchment to see if anything would react. Seeing as there was no trace of the third parchment in the fourth room whatsoever, Valyr's thoughts of the third and last parchment being found at the final room grew stronger as he proceeded through the door-shaped energy barrier, entering the fifth room not even a couple seconds later. "Facing off the mini-boss from the get-go, huh." Unexpectedly, there was no corridor whatsoever that Valyr had to go through to fight against the mini-boss. Instead, the other side of the door-shaped energy barrier led the young man directly to where the mini-boss was located, which appeared to be a skeleton a couple of heads taller than the other skeletons Valyr had come across earlier. Aside from that, the robe the skeleton wore was considerably nicer than the ragged robes of the Skeleton Mages he had fought, getting a feeling that the robe was infused with a decent amount of mana. To top it all off, the skeleton also wielded a staff that seemed to be carved out of an exquisite piece of wood with a large ruby crystal affixed to one of its ends. "[Greater Analysis]." Ding! [Fibula the Skeleton Archmage (Legendary Elite)] (Level 45 | Mini-boss) Class: Skeleton Archmage HP: 16,344/16,344 MP: 17,808/17,808 Stats: 227 VIT, 371 STR, 263 AGI, 113 DEX, 371 INT, 252 WIS, 158 PER, 101 LUK Skills: [Intermediate Spellcasting], [Intermediate Incantation], [Intermediate Mana Affinity]… Remarks: For once, you're up against someone significantly difficult to defeat. Of course, there's nothing else to say about the bone part. "Hiss…" Sucking in a breath of cold air through his teeth, Valyr looked at the stats of the mini-boss before him, eventually concluding that it would take him a considerable amount of time to defeat the boss, even with his absurdly high stats as someone in the middle of his Rank 2 class. "I guess it's time to bring out the big guns." Feeling that he would only be able to leave the Rare Abyss by the time it was midnight if he fought against the mini-boss before him with pure magic, Valyr let out a low sigh as he retrieved the spear from his back, instantly feeling the spear gradually siphon a bit of his energy with every passing second. Knowing that he had to make the most of his time, Valyr swiftly formed a connection with Shadow Energy before swinging his spear upward, causing the ever terrifying wave of dark energy to appear before him not long after. "[Offense Aura+]." "[Limit Break]." "[Shadow Serpent Style]…" "[Tide of the Dark Night]." "I wonder if the remaining mini-bosses also have something to do with a bone in the body…" Whoosh! … After ending the fight against the first mini-boss within a few moves thanks to his timely usage of his spear, Valyr was able to speed through the sixth to ninth rooms with the help of his magic, eventually finding himself up against the second mini-boss by the time he entered the tenth room. Activating [Greater Analysis] to get a better idea of what he was up against, what Valyr instead found left him at a loss for words. "I can't believe it…" "It actually happened…" Ding! [Tibia the Skeleton Archmage (Legendary Elite)] (Level 47 | Mini-boss) Class: Skeleton Archmage HP: 17,352/17,352 MP: 19,248/19,248 Stats: 241 VIT, 401 STR, 277 AGI, 122 DEX, 401 INT, 266 WIS, 171 PER, 106 LUK Skills: [Intermediate Spellcasting], [Intermediate Incantation], [Intermediate Frost Magic Style], [Advanced Mana Affinity]… Remarks: Guess who's back… back again… Chapter 391: A Bone Shattering Experience "In the fifth room, I fought against a mini-boss named Fibula. Then, at the tenth room, I fought against someone named Tibia." Though the two mini-bosses Valyr fought against did not pose too much difficulty to him, having access to incredibly destructive moves, the names of the mini-bosses remained lingering in his mind, prompting him to wonder what the name of the final mini-boss would be. "If that's the naming pattern for the mini-bosses in this dungeon, then that means I would be facing against someone named Femur at the final room?" "If that's the case, I'd probably just laugh out of disbelief." Bitterly smiling at the thought that there was a chance the final mini-boss he would fight against would be named after the largest bone in the human body, Valyr proceeded to discard all tangential thoughts in his mind as he focused on what was up ahead, sending out wave after wave of magic attacks once more to clear out the path before him. "By now, I've more or less gotten used to fighting with magic," muttered Valyr to himself, assessing his control and mastery over magic by how he had handled the dungeons so far. "Though, it would take a while to really make sure that using magic as my main method of fighting is ingrained within me." "Of course, that's a problem up to future me to solve." "Let's see how many Skill Keys I've gotten so far…" Continuing to move through the pathways that made up the 14th room of the Rare Abyss, Valyr commanded the system to bring up a notification screen in front of him, allowing him to tally the number of Skill Keys he had gained from the run so far. "7 Uncommon grade Skill Keys and 3 Rare grade Skill Keys…" "Definitely not the best drop rate to obtain in a dungeon with a total of 15 rooms, but at the very least I'm done farming keys to evolve my skills." Briefly thinking about how his Skill Key drops were on the unluckier side of the spectrum, the young man swiftly shifted his perspective over the matter to something more optimistic, psyching himself up with the fact that he was now free to focus his entire attention on the quest he had received. "[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" Arriving at the final junction of the 14th room, which was only a slightly larger space when compared to the pathways he had been traversing so far, Valyr went ahead and unleashed one of his highly destructive skills on the magic side of things, sending out a barrage of blades made out of crimson flames towards the skeletons within the space. However, unlike his earlier activations of the same skill, the crimson flames propelling the blades this time around contained a tinge of orange to it, causing not only the heat of the flames to be far more intense than what it previously was, but also the level of destructiveness of the flames. Of course, this option was only unlocked once Valyr had evolved [Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation] to the next grade, which had given him access to what was aptly called Orange Crimson Flames. Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! With his INT stat being buffed by the spells and skills he had cast on himself, as well as the attacks being propelled by a higher tier of crimson flame, it did not take long for the group of Skeleton Mages within the space to disappear from Valyr's sight, eventually leaving an empty space for the young man to explore about a minute or so later. "Before I head to the final room, gotta check if the parchment is here." With the skeletons now gone from the space, Valyr proceeded to head to the center of the room before pushing all of his senses to their utmost limits, making sure to not miss even a single corner in search for the third runic parchment. Due to the fact that the crimson flames had not left any pile of ashes for Valyr to sweep up with Wind-attribute magic, it did not take long for Valyr to come to the conclusion once more that the parchment could not be found within the room he was in, even after bringing the large runic parchment out. "Well, it's not like checking every room for signs of the parchment was useless." Placing the large runic parchment back into his spatial bracelet, Valyr looked at the door-shaped energy barrier a few meters away from him before taking in a deep breath, briefly wondering to himself as to how the third runic parchment would show itself to him. After all, the second runic parchment only appeared once he brought the first runic parchment out. Determined to end the fight against the mini-boss as quickly as possible, Valyr swiftly passed through the dark gray barrier, only to be greeted once more by the mini-boss as he appeared in the room where it resided. "Another foolhardy challenger appears before me once more." At the very moment he appeared in the final room of the dungeon, the mini-boss, which looked to be a skeleton a couple of heads taller than the mini-bosses he fought against, began to speak, its voice accompanied with the sound of its bones faintly rattling. "Of course, the outcome shall be the same as always." "[Greater Analysis]." Ignoring the monologue the mini-boss recited at the very moment he appeared, as if to instill a bit of fear into the young man, Valyr went ahead and activated his newly improved identification skill to see what kind of enemy he was up against, only to be left at a slight loss for words as the enemy's class stood out to him. "Demilich…" As far as he knew, once a skeleton had gained a considerable level of sentience and had impressive control over the art of magic, they would transition into a being that transcended Skeleton Archmages, which were considered the pinnacle of skeletons who pursued magic. From that point onward, they would become a being that was considered immortal, though they lacked a certain something that truly made them immortal. Those beings were called Demiliches. "I don't even know what to say anymore…" However, what stood out even more to him was not the enemy's class, but instead the enemy's name. He only thought of it possibly happening due to how the two previous mini-bosses were named, but now that the screen before him confirmed his speculations, only one thought popped up in his mind. 'The heavens are really messing with me this time around.' Ding! [Demilich Femur (Mythic Elite)] (Level 50 | Mini-boss) Class: Demilich HP: 21,096/21,096 MP: 23,520/23,520 Stats: 293 VIT, 490 STR, 333 AGI, 150 DEX, 490 INT, 320 WIS, 208 PER, 125 LUK Skills: [Advanced Spellcasting], [Advanced Incantation], [Advanced Mana Affinity], [Intermediate Death Affinity], [Basic Life Affinity], [Basic Longevity]… Remarks: Pretty great with magic to the point they're considered immortal. Pretty great with magic to the point they're considered scary on the battlefield. Pretty great with magic, alright… but still considered a pile of bones. Chapter 392: The Final Parchment "[Intermediate Fire Magic Style: Blazing Vigor]!" Whoosh! "[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]!" "[Limit Break]!" "[Offense Aura+]!" Whoosh! "[Shadow Serpent Style]…" "[Tide of the Dark Night]!" After whittling down the demilich before him to about half of its health with magic, Valyr did not hesitate to land the killing blow, proceeding to increase his combat prowess through the combination of magic spells and usual buffing skills to ensure that his spear would be at its strongest state at the moment he landed it. Swiftly forming a connection with Shadow Energy, the young man went ahead and swung his spear upward, causing a tyrannical wave of dark energy to appear before the demilich, instilling into the latter the feeling that it could not escape the attack that it would receive. "Cease!" Of course, due to the fact that his opponent had a considerable level of sentience and felt that it would undoubtedly die if it allowed the attack to connect with it, the demilich dug deep into its power reserves to send out a flurry of attacks at its strongest state possible at the wave to dispel it… Only for all of it to be absorbed by the wave soon after. "How could such a foolish being hold so much power within their small stature… I cannot accept this!" Seeing as all of its attacks had been absorbed by the wave of dark energy before it without any difficulty, a feeling of slight disbelief welled up within the demilich's body, only for it to be replaced with great rage as he sent out yet another barrage of attacks towards the wave before him, all of which contained greater power than before. Unfortunately, just like the previous barrage of attacks he had sent out to the wave, all of them were for naught as the wave absorbed all of it without any difficulty. Determined that it would be able to escape, the demilich was about to send yet another wave of attacks, only to notice that only a small distance separated from it making contact with the wave. With that, the demilich proceeded to distance itself from the wave, teleporting a few meters to the left. Whoosh! Surprisingly, as if it had locked onto its target, the dark wave expanded to cover the demilich, even if the latter had teleported to escape its path. Gazing at how the wave before it had adapted to its current position, it was at that moment did the demilich finally feel a hint of despair, muttering out what seemed to be its final words as it was engulfed by the wave soon after. "Is this… the end?" Whoosh! '-11,261' As a five digit number appeared over the demilich's head whilst the wave of Shadow Energy engulfed it, Valyr watched the demilich fall to the ground, only for him to feel a slight vibration emanating from his spatial bracelet. Raising his eyebrow in slight curiosity, the young man took a look at his bracelet to see what was causing the vibration, swiftly noticing that the large parchment seemed to be moving out and about within the confines of his bracelet. Briefly wondering what was causing the large parchment to move in such a way, Valyr decided to remove the parchment from the bracelet for now, lest it destroyed any of the other things he had placed within the spatial bracelet aside from the Skill Keys. Surprisingly, this move of his to ensure his items within the spatial bracelet were safe had caused the large parchment to stop moving, hovering just a few dozen centimeters away from Valyr, stabilizing its height to where the parchment met the young man's eyes. At the very moment the wave of dark energy disappeared from the vicinity of the room, the large parchment soon headed to where the demilich stood at its final moments, prompting Valyr to notice that the robe the demilich wore had not been destroyed by the dark wave at all. Curious as to why that was the case, the answer to his question was quickly obtained once the large parchment made its way to the robe, the runes on its surface glistening soon after. Swoosh! In response to the large parchment's runes beginning to glow, faint lines on the surface of the robe began to give off the same color of light the runes on the large parchment gave off, only for it to congregate at a single point soon after as a tattered parchment filled to the brim with runes manifested slightly above the demilich's robe after some time. With his mouth slightly agape, Valyr watched as the tattered parchment gradually made its way to the large parchment, only for a great burst of light to appear at the very moment the two parchments combined, causing the young man to squint his eyes as he looked away from the light for a bit. By the time he was able to return his sight to what was going on with the parchments, the tattered parchment had joined himself to the large parchment, the tattered parts of it gradually repairing itself to appear similar to the large parchment it had combined with. Continuing to watch the three runic parchments interact with one another, Valyr watched as the rectangular edges of the parchment disappear, noticing that the slanted lines he had on the large parchment back then had indeed connected to a certain point on the third and final parchment, prompting the final parchment to be in the shape of a triangle once the extra pieces of parchment dissipated into thin air. Moving a bit closer to get a better look at what the purpose of the magic circle on the parchment was, Valyr was forced to take a few steps back after the parchment decided to shrink all of a sudden, shrinking from a size that would allow the parchment to cover his upper torso and a bit more, to a size that would fit at the palm of his hand at most. Seeing as the small triangular parchment had finished undergoing through its various transformations, the young man decided to get closer to it once more, inwardly letting out a sigh of relief as he proceeded to grab the triangular parchment whilst it was still hovering. Finally able to get a better look at the complete magic circle on the parchment, Valyr went ahead and focused his attention on the magic circle, only for him to fall unconscious not long after as he fell to the ground with a thud. … … … Ding! [You have completed part of the requirements for the quest: The Runic Parchments.] [Find the 3rd Runic Parchment within the Rare Abyss (1/1)] … [You have completed the quest 'The Runic Parchments'.] [You have gained the eligibility to meet with the Sage of Erudition.] Chapter 393: The Sage Of Erudition "Mngh… what theHeckhappened…?" After what felt like an incredibly long time, Valyr gradually opened his eyes as he sat upright, feeling a bit of soreness from his back due to how he fell. For a few seconds, he looked at his surroundings in slight confusion, only to become alert not long after as he realized that something was off. "Wait a second…" "Where am I?" Looking around his current surroundings, Valyr was greeted only by the sight of the purest white, with its sheer whiteness making him wonder how such purity was even
