awakened attributes grew whenever the wielder's strength also grew. With that, the bidding for the blade eventually stopped once the price had reached 20 platinum cards, landing in the hands of a man that seemed to be famous for being a sword collector. "With that out of the way, let us move to the second to last item for this auction." Quite satisfied with the final price the blade had fetched, a smile adorned Sirius' face as he prompted everyone to focus everyone's attention towards the other item the auction house had brought, which appeared to be an unassuming fruit. "Unlike most of the items we have brought out so far, this item would be better suited for those with production classes and subclasses," said Sirius. "However, it would be a lie for me to say that only those with production classes would benefit from it." "Now, why would I say that?" At these words, Sirius let out a chuckle. "Well, this item not only increase one's affinity towards mana, it also increases one's affinity towards the elements, as well as other energies that one might come across in their journey to the peak." "However, if one were to ask me what truly makes this item special… then it would be the fact that it also affects one's comprehension towards Intents." Hearing that the item affected Intents, most of the audience instantly perked their ears up to listen to what the item specifically did to it. Unsurprisingly, once they did, all of them instantly had the urge to get their hands on it no matter what. "How does it affect Intents, you might ask?" . "Well, for those with Intent Seeds…" "Consuming this item will allow you to comprehend an Intent in an instant." Chapter 537: Bidding Frenzy "Wait… what?" Listening to the words Sirius had said to the audience, a look of surprise appeared on Valyr's face as he did not expect the item to have such an effect. After all, from the perspective of a production class, the fact that the fruit could increase one's affinity with almost everything already seemed too good to be true. But the fact that it could solidify one's comprehension from an Intent Seed to an Intent in an instant? Even he was quite tempted to get his hands on it at that point. "Excuse me… does the fruit also help those without an Intent to comprehend their own Intent?" Fortunately, just as a question related to the fruit's capabilities popped up in his mind, a young woman in the audience decided to ask Sirius the question he wanted to ask the man first. "As far as the appraisers have checked, it indeed does." In response to the question, Sirius gave a firm nod, increasing the audience's desire to get the fruit for themselves to its utmost limits. "However, unlike its initial effect, wherein an Intent Seed would be fully comprehended into an Intent after eating the fruit, those without an Intent only have a considerable chance in comprehending their own Intent Seed after eating the fruit," said the man, prompting another person in the audience to ask what the chances of successfully comprehending an Intent Seed were. "Around 50% or so. It could possibly be higher than that since we haven't really checked that effect that thoroughly. Perhaps, it could even be a guaranteed effect." Unsurprisingly, Sirius responded to the question with a teasing smile, firming up the decisions in people's minds to get the fruit no matter what, with Valyr having made up his mind as well. . "Well, with that out of the way, the bid is now open for the World Resonance Fruit." Allowing the item on stage to do most of the advertising, Sirius opened up the floor for bidding. "Note that the initial bidding price starts at 50 platinum cards. Any bid after the previous must be higher by at least 5 platinum cards." "Hiss…" Hearing the price that he would have to fork out for the item, Valyr sucked in a deep breath of cold air. However, such a price did not deter other people in the audience, bidding for the fruit in a mad frenzy. "60 platinum cards!" "75 platinum cards here!" "I bid 85 platinum cards! Those who bid after me can't satisfy their wives in bed!" "100 platinum cards! I hope the one who bid before me can't satisfy their wife in bed!" "I guess I'll skip on this one…" Scratching the back of his head as he wondered whether or not to join in on the bidding for the fruit, Valyr eventually made up his mind as he let out a defeated sigh. Though Julian had told him that he was free to bid on five items at most, he had a feeling that there was a limit to the total price… Until Julian asked him, that is. "Why aren't you bidding?" Julian looked at Valyr with a hint of confusion, taking note of the young man's desire to obtain the fruit for himself. "You do know you can still bid on three more items, right?" "I do…" Valyr softly nodded with a bitter smile. "Though, don't you think the final price for this item would reach an incredibly high amount? I'm not the only one who has a great need for it, after all." "That's already a given after Sirius mentioned it could give one a high chance at comprehending an Intent Seed." Julian nodded, taking in a deep breath once he heard the price reach 300 platinum cards. "Even if the people in the audience don't have a great need for such an item, they can still give it to those that have promising talent in their younger generation." "After all, for those with talent, there's a great chance that forming the Intent Seed is the only thing stopping them from fully comprehending an Intent." "In any case…" Witnessing the price for the fruit continuing to drastically increase, Julian rubbed his chin for a bit before giving Valyr a firm go signal. "I'd say bid for the item until the price reaches 700 platinum cards. If it exceeds that, give up." "Are you sure?" Though Valyr already wanted to go ahead and bid on the item, he still stopped himself since he was spending another person's money. Aside from that, 700 platinum cards was already an amount of money even he could not wrap his head around in his current level of strength, thus he was somewhat afraid of making the wrong move. "You know what?" Rubbing his chin for a bit more, Julian eventually looked at Valyr with a smile. "Make it 800 platinum cards." "Go wild." "…I bid 350 platinum cards!" With the man reassuring him that it was fine to bid such a high amount, by the time the price for the fruit had reached 300 platinum cards, it was only then did Valyr place an offer for the fruit, leaving quite a few in the audience at a slight loss for words. However… "Darn whoever increased the price that much! 400 platinum cards!" Rather than discourage others who wanted to obtain the fruit themselves, it instead stimulated them to bid more for the fruit than they initially intended, surpassing 600 platinum cards within a few more minutes. Unfortunately, after a couple more minutes, the price for the World Resonance Fruit had gone beyond 800 platinum cards, leaving Valyr with the bitter taste of defeat as he looked at Julian with a low sigh. "Well, I guess this outcome isn't that surprising." Seeing the glum expression on the man's face, Julian let out a bit of laughter as he cheered the young man up. "Even I would be willing to bid over 800 platinum cards on such a fruit like that. Fortunately for the others, I've already comprehended my own Intent." "Then again, having a fruit like that in hand would only expedite the process of you comprehending an Intent at most," the man continued, showing his great belief in the young man's strength through his words. "With how monstrously strong you are for your class rank, I'm certain that you'd comprehend your Intent at Rank 3 in no time." "And… if it's any consolation, that just means you can bid higher on the final item," added Julian with a grin, prompting Valyr to take in a few deep breaths as the bidding for the fruit eventually closed, ending up with a final price of 1,085 platinum cards. … "To those who have been waiting for the final item of this auction to reveal itself, I must say that your determination to not spend on any item before it is quite astounding." Watching as the final item of the auction was being wheeled onto stage with a curtain draped over it, a proud smile appeared on Sirius' face as he bantered with the audience. "As for those who have spent a bit of money on a couple things here and there, but leaving most of it for this final item, let me assure you that this item will definitely make such a decision more than worth it." Continuing to talk for a bit more about how not spending on any item in the auction beforehand was a smart choice, the man eventually gave the audience more information about the item, parts of which gave a few quite the surprise. "Before I introduce the item to all of you, I must mention that this item has come from the Imperial Alchemist of the Meltierre Empire personally," said Sirius, swiftly garnering everyone's interest as to what kind of item it was. "Though she did not specify as to why she had sent over an item for this auction at the very last minute, she did mention that the item would definitely be a great boon for those who gets their hands on it, especially for those at the lower class ranks." "Anyways, without a further ado…" Whoosh! Feeling that he had given enough background information on the item, Sirius went ahead and removed the curtain covering the item, allowing the item's aura to spread throughout the auction house in an instant. "Woah…" Unexpectedly, almost everyone in the audience felt a great sense of intimidation from the aura radiated by the item, as if it were telling them that it could only be consumed by one person. Though, as more time passed, this aura gradually disappeared, being replaced with an aura that seemed to be one with its surroundings. "According to the Imperial Alchemist herself, this item is known as the Nascent Rebirth Pill," said Sirius as everyone in the audience listened to his words. "As for what it is capable of, it compresses one's mana and enhances one's vitality to an astounding degree…" "As well as increases one's stats by 50 points each." … … … "Let us open the bidding for this item, shall we?" Chapter 538: The Final Item "Woah…" As Sirius unveiled the item to the audience, Valyr had focused his attention on the item, only to feel an incredibly intimidating aura emanating from the item itself. . Fortunately, with how often he had come into contact with auras from those with higher class ranks than him, it did not take long for him to get over the oppressive aura the item radiated as he looked at the item in greater detail. "Huh." Once he was able to properly lay his eyes upon the item the auction house had brought out, Valyr's curiosity was slightly piqued as to how the item had achieved its properties. In his mind, such an item capable of increasing all stats by 50 points each would have an appearance that matched that kind of feeling. However, the item that was placed on the pedestal beside Sirius… was a plain golden orb. Being roughly around the size of a golf ball, the golden orb radiated an immensely oppressive aura on the entire audience for a brief moment, disappearing around a minute later as it was replaced with an aura that seemed more fitting for an item with its capabilities. From what Valyr could sense, the golden orb gave off the feeling that it was one with its surroundings, making him feel as if the entire world was within his grasp the longer he looked at it. "According to the Imperial Alchemist herself, this item you see right here is the Nascent Rebirth Pill." Eventually, the young man had to force himself to snap out of it as Sirius began to explain the item to the audience in greater detail, allowing Valyr to find out the name of the golden orb. Of course, since Julian had mentioned it earlier, Valyr was not surprised to hear that the pill could increase one's stats by 50 points each. However, he did not expect the pill to be able to compress mana and enhance one's vitality as well, something he had only seen in the two hearts showcased earlier. After Sirius was done talking about the properties of the Nascent Rebirth Pill, it was no surprise that the entire audience wanted to get their hands on it, similar to how everyone was in a frenzy to bid for the World Resonance Fruit that came before it. However, their reasons for obtaining the Nascent Rebirth Pill was different from the World Resonance Fruit. To most of the audience, an increase of 50 points in every stat was a negligible increase at most, especially to those at the peak of Rank 5. Even the addition of compressed mana and enhanced vitality was not enough to attract their attention to bid on it. Instead, the reason why people wanted to obtain the Nascent Rebirth Pill for themselves… …was to use it as a bargaining chip. With the Nascent Rebirth Pill in hand, the people in the audience could recruit potential talents among the younger generation with great ease, giving an item to them as a gift. Aside from that, they could also flaunt the fact that the pill was made by the Imperial Alchemist of the Meltierre Empire, an existence none in the greater audience could easily get close to. "What's the limit this time around?" Seeing as everyone was waiting for Sirius to announce the opening of the bid, Valyr looked at Julian and asked the important question. "1,500 platinum cards." Staring at the item on stage with a solemn expression, Julian eventually gave the young man a number that was double the limit he had given Valyr for the previous item. "As long as you obtain the Nascent Rebirth Pill at or less than 1,500 platinum cards, the Blacksmith Guild will have no problem paying for it." "Nothing a few masterwork weapons personally crafted by me can't solve." At these words, the man gave Valyr an assuring grin, though deep inside he felt a tinge of pain at the value he had blurted out. Nevertheless, with the monstrous talent Valyr had shown so far, Julian was certain that if the young man could get his hands on the final item, he was certain that the money he had spent on this auction today would definitely come back to him in the future a hundred times over. 'Let's just hope it doesn't exceed that price.' Letting out a low sigh, Julian crossed his fingers as he assured Valyr of his limit in bidding. Eventually, after waiting for a bit more, the bidding for the Nascent Rebirth Pill was opened. "The initial bidding price for the pill is 100 platinum cards," said Sirius with a confident smile. "Any bid that comes after the previous must be higher by at least 10 platinum cards." "I bid 500 platinum cards!" To no one's surprise, the price of the pill had skyrocketed in one fell swoop, causing those who were hoping to get lucky to shake their heads and sigh. As for those who still had the funds to bid on the item, they continued to increase the price even further, with Valyr eventually joining in on the action. "850 platinum cards!" shouted the young man, hoping in his mind that the final price wouldn't exceed the limit given him to by Julian. However, as the pill had other uses than being consumed as an item, it did not take long for bids higher than 850 platinum cards to appear, with the price of the pill approaching 1,000 platinum cards by the time five minutes or so had passed. "1,100 platinum cards!" Deciding to employ a bidding technique he had used in the previous item, Valyr swiftly tacked on a hundred platinum cards to the pill's final price, hoping to discourage others from bidding on what he wanted once more. Unfortunately, just like with the item before, it only ignited the people's desire to get their hands on the item for themselves, slowly inching it closer and closer towards the limit Valyr had been given. "I bid 1,500 platinum cards!" With only one more chance to bid on the item below the limit he had been given, Valyr decided to drastically increase the price once again, tacking on an additional 200 platinum cards on what was originally a bid of 1,300 platinum cards. For a moment, silence enveloped the entirety of the auction house, giving the young man faint hope that he might obtain his hands on the item. After all, 50 points on each stat was no small increase to him. However, when he heard a voice from the audience echo throughout the auction house not long after, that was when he knew… He had lost. "I bid…" "1,510 platinum cards." Chapter 539: After The Auction "…" As silence surrounded the entire auction house once more after someone had made a counteroffer to Valyr's offer, everyone in the audience was a slight loss for words at how much the price for the Nascent Rebirth Pill had increased. reewenoe. Though everyone there knew that paying such a price was more than worth it to obtain an item created by the Imperial Alchemist herself, 1,510 platinum cards was still an insanely high value. It was to the point that even class guilds would have difficulty pooling such an amount, especially if the class guild was not focused on production. Nevertheless, after a bit more silence, Sirius eventually started the count, officiating the final bid. With that, everyone decided to give a small round of applause to the one who had gotten their hands on the Nascent Rebirth Pill. "I got it…? I got it!" Unsurprisingly, the one who had gotten the last laugh on the Nascent Rebirth Pill jumped for joy once Sirius had confirmed that they had indeed gotten it. Because of that, everyone in the audience had focused their attention towards the person who was celebrating their success, their eyes widening in slight surprise as they did not know who the person was. However, with a bit of searching through their respective networks, almost everyone in the audience had come to know the winner's identity, being the leader of a noble clan that's incredibly close to returning to a normal clan. The reason why that was the case was because he was the only person within the noble clan with a true rank of nobility, unlike other clans who had multiple members that had ranks of nobility. With that in mind, even though the auction house had reminded everyone that they would be protecting those that had obtained items from the auction, that still did not stop a small few among the audience to have malicious thoughts, deciding to keep an eye on the winner of the Nascent Rebirth Pill as Sirius officially thanked everyone, closing the auction. "Well, I guess that's that." As everyone gave a round of applause in response to Sirius' gesture of showing gratitude, Julian looked at Valyr with a bitter smile, letting out a faint sigh as he thought about how close the young man was at obtaining the Nascent Rebirth Pill. "That just goes to show that some people are far richer than what they seem." "I wonder if he's going to be safe, though," said Valyr in response, taking a brief glance at the man who had outbid him. Though he initially had no idea on who the man was, Julian was more than eager to share the information he had gotten through his network with him, allowing him to become privy towards the man's situation. "It would be a miracle for him to return to their clan estate unscathed," replied Julian after pondering over the question for a bit, slowly shaking his head in pity as he let out a sigh. "In any case, your haul in this auction isn't half bad," said the man not long after. "A vial of Might and an old book that you decided to buy on a whim. If you got your hands on the World Resonance Fruit or the Nascent Rebirth Pill, it would've probably been better, but that's just life, I guess." "Either way, let's wait for your items to arrive and for the others in the auction house to leave before we head back." As Julian said these words, Valyr nodded in agreement, thinking that the man had taken his true identity into consideration. With that, the two of them decided to chat about a couple of things regarding the Blacksmith Guild for a bit, only for someone to knock on their door a couple of minutes into their conversation. "That was fast," said Julian with a tone of slight surprise. Getting up from his chair, the man opened the door, revealing one of the many attendants assisting the audience in the auction house earlier. "Sir Julian Pyrrhia and Sir Ylvar, correct?" Seeing that the door before him had been opened, the attendant gave the two a respectful bow before asking them a question. "Yes? What do you need?" Nodding in response, Julian answered back with his own question. "Ah, yes. I was instructed by Sir Sirius to have you two follow me," the attendant replied, prompting Julian and Valyr to look at one
