forging, of course," said Valyr with a slightly mischievous grin, causing Braum to roll his eyes in response. please visit "Well, yeah. I know that." Braum let out a low sigh. "But in what way are you going to use it in forging?" "Going to use it to upgrade a set of armor you've already seen me wear." Surprisingly, Valyr responded to Braum's next question without any hint of the mischievousness found in his previous answer. Soon after, a bitter smile appeared on his face as he briefly scratched his head. "Though, I'm not entirely sure if the upgrade would be successful in the first place." As Braum stared at Valyr with a blank expression after hearing those words, in slight disbelief of what he had just heard, Valyr rummaged through the memories he had in his past life, specifically the memories he had regarding the Half Wyvern Armor he had forged in the past as preparation for the life and death duel he was forced to participate in. Though the design of the armor set was inspired by the Empyrean Dragon Armor set he had seen in action back when he was a player, that was not the reason why the system had classified the Half Wyvern Armor as an Emulation. After all, with that kind of logic, one would be able to churn out a great amount of Emulations as long as they had a vague idea of what the legendary equipment they were trying to emulate looked like. Instead, the reason why the Half Wyvern Armor was classified as an Emulation was due to the materials he had used in forging the armor set, specifically the vials of Half Wyvern Blood he had asked Arcenne to get for him. Aside from that, the intent he had in mind while forging the set also made a significant contribution to the outcome, allowing the armor to get the classification he wanted from the system. However, that did not mean that it was guaranteed for the armor to be considered an Emulation after going through all of those steps. At most, it was only an increased chance. With that in mind, he thanked the guide he had come across in the past once more since it had allowed him to craft the Half Wyvern Armor set he now had. Though, the gratefulness he felt towards the guide gradually disappeared once he recalled the next step of the guide that would allow him to increase the rarity of the armor. In fact, the items he had asked Braum to procure was enough for the armor to increase by the two minor grades, which meant that his Half Wyvern Armor would end up at Rare+ grade if everything went smoothly. But that was the thing. Just like the Half Wyvern Armor being classified as an Emulation, he wasn't sure if it would even upgrade successfully… Unless if he had something that could make sure it could upgrade to the next tier. 'The only problem is procuring that item.' Recalling the item the guide mentioned that would guarantee the upgrade that would happen at the current step he was on, Valyr's body briefly shuddered at the thought of having to procure it. Nevertheless, it was something he needed to do if he wanted to boost his strength even further. With that, he tied the knot around the cloth bag once more before making his way outside the private workshop, beckoning Braum to come join him as they began to head someplace else. "Aren't you going to upgrade your armor?" While they were walking, Braum brought up the question that came to his mind. "I am." Valyr nodded. Hearing that, Braum was about to ask him why he had left the private workshop if that was the case, only for the question to get stuck in his throat as Valyr continued his words. "But how am I going to upgrade my armor if I didn't bring it with me in the first place?" Chapter 316: Underground Transport Network "You didn't bring your armor with you?" Braum raised his eyebrows in slight surprise, stopping in his tracks for a bit, which prompted Valyr to look back at the man who had a slight frown on his face. "When you sent me a message earlier that you wanted to meet up with me, I instantly thought that you wanted to meet up about the items you had me procure." "Well, I initially had something else in mind when I was planning to meet up with you earlier." In response, Valyr faintly nodded back at Braum, informing the latter that it wouldn't be surprising for him to come to that conclusion. Letting out an awkward chuckle as he briefly apologized for having Braum expect something else, he then continued talking. "The items I had you procure for me was an afterthought I had once I arrived at the entrance. Then again, that's because upgrading the armor with the items would help out in the task I want to do, which is something I need your help again." Listening to Valyr clear up the slight misunderstanding Braum had towards Valyr coming to meet him, the two of them eventually left the Imperial Production Guild, slowly but surely making their way towards the inn where both Wells and Valyr were staying for the meantime. "Something you need my help with?" Once more, Braum raised his eyebrow, curious as to what Valyr meant by that. "Aside from helping you procure items from the guild or acting as a sparring partner of some sort against you, what other thing would you need my help with?" "Finding a suitable method of travel," replied Valyr in a calm tone, gazing back at the man. "To be more specific, a method of travel that would allow to travel from this kingdom to a faraway village within a couple days at most." "A couple days? From the kingdom to a faraway village?" Hearing Valyr's request, a frown adorned Braum's face as he briefly scratched his head, letting out a faint sigh soon after. "Let alone two days, even two weeks on carriage probably wouldn't be enough." "Which faraway village are you planning to head to anyway?" the man asked Valyr a question he wanted to know the answer to, wanting to find out if the village in the mind in the young man in front of him was more or less similar to the village that he knew was connected to Valyr in more ways than one. "Astarto Village." As these words came out of his mouth, both Valyr and Braum slowly made their way through the various corridors laid throughout the inn they were staying in, eventually being greeted by the sight of Wells at the room's central space while being in the midst of improving his technique once Valyr had opened the door to the room. "We're finally here…" "Not bad." While Braum tried to make himself comfortable, his focus eventually shifted towards Wells, prompting the former to close his eyes for a bit before inwardly nodding to himself not long after. At some point, Valyr mentioned to Braum that his friend was aware of what was going on within the room at all times even though he was in an introspective state, causing the latter's impression of Valyr's friend to improve even further by a couple notches. "What's with you saying 'not bad' earlier?" As Valyr made his way to his portion of the room to grab the set of Half Wyvern Armor he had placed on the side of the bed that wasn't easily visible, the words Braum muttered earlier as he looked at Wells surfaced within Valyr's mind, which elicited a question to come out of the young man's mouth as Braum pondered over his response for a bit. "Well… ever since I've met the two of you, I've been getting a vague feeling from this friend of yours," replied Braum as he watched Valyr grab the pieces of Half Wyvern Armor before chucking a couple of them into the spatial bracelet. "At first, I was unsure if the feeling I got was coming from him. However, now that I've seen your friend in this state from up close, I can say without a shadow of a doubt that he's definitely the one giving me the feeling I've been getting." "Mind telling me what feeling you're getting from him exactly?" Unsurprisingly, just like what Valyr had concluded back when he first had the idea, only his boots and vambraces could fit within the bracelet. With that, he asked Braum if he could keep the remaining pieces making up the Half Wyvern Armor within his spatial bracelet, to which the latter did not find any problem with. While placing the four other pieces making up the entire Half Wyvern Armor set within his spatial bracelet, which had far greater space than Valyr's bracelet, Braum mulled a bit over the question Valyr asked him just a moment ago before eventually responding, briefly scratching his head in uncertainty in the process. "If I were to describe the feeling I'm getting, it feels like I'm looking at someone who could turn into a spear at any time. Or better yet, your friend feels like a human and a spear to me at the same time." Though Valyr gained an idea of what Braum was trying to convey through his description, causing Valyr to come up with a few possibilities that would explain the phenomenon the man helping him out was feeling, all of the possibilities that came to his mind had more or less the same broad explanation Braum had given regarding its effects. With that, he was unsure whether the man beside him was telling him if his friend had achieved something rare or something far greater that had the possibility to shake the world. "In any case, there's a high chance we could find out this exact feeling I'm getting as long as your friend is fine with heading to the Spearman Guild for registration," said Braum as he informed Valyr that he had stored the remaining pieces making up the Half Wyvern Armor within his bracelet and that they could head back to the Imperial Production Guild at any time. In response, Valyr nodded back before telling Wells that he was going to head to the Imperial Production Guild once more, which only elicited a faint nod from the latter. Taking one last glance at Wells, who had a pensive expression on his face as he sat cross-legged, Braum eventually shifted his attention back to Valyr as the two of them were now heading their way back to the Imperial Production Guild. While both Braum and Valyr were taking in their surroundings as they made their way back to the guild, the two of them looked at each other, causing a train of thought that previously dissipated into nothing in their minds to reappear once more, with Valyr taking the initiative to kickstart the conversation. "So… got any idea on how I could get to Astarto Village from here within a couple of days?" "Is it fine if you could tell me the reason why you have to head back to a faraway village on such short notice?" In response, Braum looked back at Valyr, a blank yet solemn expression covering his face as the gears in his mind turned. "A monster tide will hit the village within a couple of days." Finding no problem with Braum's request, Valyr briefly shrugged his shoulders before giving the former a bit more information regarding the latter's need for swift travel. "I made a promise to the village before I left that I'd return to the village before the monster tide began, but with how things are turning out at the moment, I feel like there's a high chance I wouldn't be able to do that." "Well… there is a network of teleportation constructs within the guild that would allow you to head to Astarto Village in an instant." Fortunately, just as Valyr thought that the possibility of him upholding his side of the promise was bleak, Braum shone a bit of hope on the young man as he informed him of something not a lot of people within the guild knew. "In fact, it's what my team and the other reconnaissance teams used to get a head start on the search for your whereabouts." "However, if you're not part of the reconnaissance team, then you'll have to reach a high position with the guild in order to be able to use these teleportation constructs within the first place. After all, it costs a lot of mana to activate the teleportation constructs." Though, just like how Braum quickly instilled hope within Valyr that he'd be able to fulfill his promise, the former also took the same amount of time to crush his dreams beyond ruin, leaving a bitter smile hanging on the latter's face after Braum was done talking. However, as if Braum was playing with the heartstrings of the young man beside him, he instilled hope within the man one more time, with a confident smile adorning his face as he said, "Of course, that doesn't mean teleportation constructs are truly off-limits to normal people." Stopping in his tracks, he then turned around to look at Valyr before asking. "Ever heard of the Underground Transport Network?" Chapter 317: Reminiscing Over The Past Surprisingly, once Valyr heard Braum utter the words 'Underground Transport Network' in his question, the former's eyes briefly widened in slight surprise as he looked at the man in silence for a bit. Sometime later, he faintly nodded, informing the man beside him that he had heard a few people mention it to him in the past, though he did not think too much about it back then since he had no clue what it was. However, in reality, Valyr was inwardly left at a loss for words once Braum told him about the Underground Transport Network, his familiarity with the service far beyond only knowing about it by name. Instead, he was someone who could be considered an avid and expert user of the service in the past. With how much he needed to constantly travel to and from far places within Veldanyr back then as a player, the Underground Transport Network was considered one of the staple travel methods he used, which could also be said to be same for most, if not all players who chose to spawn in Veldanyr at the start. In fact, the Underground Transport Network was one of the possible modes of travel he thought about using to head to and from various settlements since the travel time was next to instant. Unfortunately, due to the fact that he had only come across the Underground Transport Network and became a frequent user of the service by the time he was a few levels below the level limit Greater Beyond imposed for players of the first version, he was inclined to think that it was only something that was implemented by the time the first version came around. But with Braum's words confirming the existence of the Underground Transport Network to him before the first version had even begun, Valyr swiftly thought about changing his plans for the near future, coming to the conclusion that he would be able to complete more in less time than he initially thought with the aid of the network. As he thought about how he could fulfill his promise to Astarto Village and head to the Lesser Meltierre Plains just a few hours after the tide, Braum opened his mouth and explained what the Underground Transport Network was, thinking of the man beside him as someone not in the know. "I'm quite surprised you've heard a couple people mention about it back when you stayed in Clossbay City. After all, the Underground Transport Network is only something people from the kingdoms and empires have access to in the meantime." "Anyways, from the name itself, the Underground Transport Network is a network of teleportation constructs that people could access at anytime, with the building that houses these constructs being located underneath the surface of the city." Seeing that the two of them had finally arrived at the Imperial Production Guild, Braum moved in front of Valyr before leading the latter to the corridor that housed the private workshop Valyr had free reign over, staying silent all the while. Though, after making sure that the two of them were alone once more, Braum swiftly continued where left off. "There are multiple entrances that lead to Algerie Kingdom's branch of the Underground Transport Network, but only those who have been referred by another person who has used the network in the past could enter." "Fortunately for you, I'm one of them." Hearing these words come out of Braum's mouth, Valyr looked at the man beside him for a bit as they stood in front of the door to the private workshop. Heading inside to begin the process of upgrading the set of Half Wyvern Armor he had brought, Valyr made his way to the furnace before infusing a bit of mana into it, noticing that the heat source of the furnace was magic-based. "But don't you have access to the guild's teleportation constructs since you're the leader of one of the reconnaissance teams?" Keeping an eye on the temperature inside the furnace from time to time, Valyr posed a question to Braum as he familiarized himself with some of the advanced forging machinery he was going to use in the upgrading process. "Only if the guild permits us to." Braum gave Valyr a bitter smile. "Permission to use the teleportation construct is harder to procure than you'd think. If anything, I was only able to use the guild's teleportation constructs for the first time after we've been given the mission to search for your whereabouts." "So, that means you use the Underground Transport Network more often." Looking at Braum after saying these words, Valyr returned his gaze back to the tool in front of him after getting a nod in response. "What kind of requirements do I need to fulfill to be able to use the network?" The purpose Valyr had in asking this question was to find out if the requirements to use the Underground Transport Network was the same as when he used it back then as a player. Fortunately, after hearing Braum's response to the question, he was able to find out that it was more or less the same, inwardly letting out a sigh of relief soon after. "Aside from needing a referral from someone who uses the network, you don't really need to bring anything else aside from money." Braum nonchalantly shrugged his shoulders as he informed Valyr about the furnace he was heating up. "The lowest price you could get is around 10 gold coins, which would have you end up somewhere around the outskirts of the city. Of course, the farther the destination, the higher the price." "I see, I see." Nodding in response, Valyr thanked Braum for the heads-up on the furnace before proceeding to infuse mana into the furnace to keep its temperature stable. Inwardly muttering to himself that he had missed small quality of life features like this, Valyr then summoned the pieces of Half Wyvern Armor out of his bracelet to prepare them for upgrading, only to recall something thanks to Braum's earlier statement. "Price…" "Now that you mention it, how much did it all cost to procure the items I asked you to get?" "Surprisingly, not that much. In total, it came to around 10 platinum coins." "10 platinum coins…" "…" "…in what world is that not much?" Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time. Chapter 318: Equipment Overhaul Though Valyr complained about the price of all the items he had Braum procure him, with the latter defending the price he gave out by informing him how much hardship he had to go through, he still paid the price Braum had given him in the end. Of course, that did not mean the price did not hurt him on the inside. With his material assets only amounting to around 30 platinum coins after spending close to half of what it previously was on a great number of skill books, 10 platinum coins was more or less equivalent to a third of what he currently had on hand. Sure, it wouldn't have been a problem for him if he still earned money from having the Crimson Forge back at Clossbay City continue selling equipment since he could make it back within a couple of days, but as he had given his ownership to another blacksmith before he left for Algerie Kingdom, he had no method of earning income to speak of. Nevertheless, he consoled himself into thinking that paying 10 platinum coins for the items was an investment he made to improve his strength in the long-term, rationalizing that the price was something along the lines of a convenience. After all, multiple steps went into procuring the items in the first place, such as find half-wyverns and young wyverns in the wild, killing them, skinning them, draining them of their blood, and then transporting said items to the large settlements. Inwardly letting out a low sigh as he felt that the grin Braum flashed at him was telling him that he had been duped into paying for a higher price, he soon discarded all of the thoughts that continued to linger in his mind as he asked Braum to take out the other pieces of the Half Wyvern Armor the man had stored in his bracelet. Getting a nod from Braum in response, Valyr nodded back as he watched the man take out the four remaining pieces of the armor set from the bracelet before placing them beside the two he had taken out. Taking in a few deep breaths to gain composure and achieve a state of tranquility, he then grabbed the cloth bag on top of the anvil
