with it for a bit, infusing some of her mana into it in the process. Eventually, the woman placed the tablet down as she looked at Valyr with a slightly curious expression. "Would it be possible to obtain your name, sir? I've obtained a message from the guild that Elder Noel has been waiting for a certain person these past few days." Feeling a bit of pain from the feeling that he had inadvertently made someone wait for him, Valyr thought to himself that he would apologize to the elder once he had met up with him. "Would the name of that person be Ylvar by any chance?" "Yes." The attendant nodded in response. "In that case, that Ylvar would be you, sir?" "Indeed." Valyr nodded, prompting the attendant to nod once more as she left the counter, appearing before the young man not long after. "Follow me, sir. I'll lead you to where the elder is currently staying at the moment." In response to the woman's words, Valyr merely nodded as he followed the woman to where she went, with the two arriving in front of a clean yet exquisite-looking wooden door sometime later. Knock. Knock. Knock. "Who is it?" In response to the attendant's knocking on the door, a voice familiar to Valyr resounded from the other side. "I have brought the person you've been wanting to meet, First Elder." As the woman said these words, silence was the only thing that could be heard from the other side for the meantime. However, at some point, the familiar voice resounded once more. "Alright. You may take your leave." "Thank you, First Elder." Doing a respectful bow before the wooden door, the attendant turned to look at Valyr for a bit before proceeding to respectfully bow in front of the young man as well. Remaining silent, Valyr watched as the attendant's silhouette gradually left his field of vision, focusing his attention on the door before him soon after. "Would it be fine for me to come in, Elder Noel?" Asking this question as he remained standing before the door, Valyr waited for a response from the other side, faintly nodding once he did. "You may." Taking in a deep breath, Valyr went ahead and opened the door, only to be slightly left at a loss for words once he was greeted by the sight of the room's interior. In his mind, he thought that the elder was staying in a room that only had the bare minimum amenities, getting the feeling that the old man liked to live a simple life from his interaction with him back then. However, what he saw before him was the exact opposite of that, with the amenities in the room being as extravagant, if not more extravagant than the amenities in the inn he and Wells were staying in. 'There's even a mana-powered air conditioner…' While looking at the available amenities, he eventually noticed how there was a small magic circle at the upper portion of one of the walls, constantly blasting a breeze of cold air throughout the room. "So, how was your small journey to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains, Ylvar?" Lying down on a soft bed all this time, it was only when Noel asked this question did he stand up to get a better look at the man. "Fortunately, I've accomplished everything that I needed to do in that place," said Valyr in response, twiddling his thumbs as he felt a hint of awkwardness between them. "Also… I would like to apologize for making you wait." "At the very least, you know how to feel guilt." Surprisingly, just as Valyr said those words, the awkwardness surrounding the two of them instantly disappeared, with Noel flashing a brief smile at the young man as he said, "In any case, I don't mind it too much. I've consider these past few days a change of pace from what I usually do." "Aside from that, if I were in your place, even I would do all I could to enhance my strength as much as possible." "Especially if it's for something like the Four Pillars' Inheritance." "Isn't that right, Valyr?" Chapter 407: A Show Of Determination MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith In response to Noel mentioning his true name, Valyr remained silent for a while as a solemn expression on his face. Then, after staring at the old man for a bit, he went ahead and posed a question to the man, a question that lingered in his mind after hearing Noel's words. "Did the head of the Blacksmith Guild inform you?" "Oh, none of the sort." Hearing Valyr's question, Noel let out a chuckle, which the former found somewhat odd. "The leader of the Blacksmith Guild only sent me a heads-up regarding your whereabouts, which I should tell you once more that I appreciate you doing that." "In any case, finding out your identity was just a matter of reading between the lines, some cross-referencing, a few educated guesses…" "And from what I realized after what I just did, a little bit of luck." Whilst Noel let out yet another chuckle, Valyr inwardly admonished himself as it did not take long for him to realize what Noel meant by his words. Nevertheless, his expression more or less remained the same, with the only hint Noel could see on the young man's face that the latter was thinking about it was the faint traces of a frown on the corners of Valyr's face. 'In other words, Noel would've still thought of me as a different person if I did not ask him outright as to whether or not Julian mentioned my true identity to him.' As this thought lingered in his mind, Valyr inwardly let out a long sigh. 'Then again, with how the question I asked him was the final push he needed to confirm my identity, even if I didn't tell him anything of the sort, he still would've doubted my identity as Ylvar.' "With how you're still silent after my statements, I can safely assume that I'm indeed talking to Valyr, right?" As Noel asked this question, hoping that the young man before him would give him the answer he wanted, Valyr looked at the old man as he continued to remain silent, pondering whether or not he should respond truthfully to the matter. 'Haah…' Eventually, since he still felt a hint of guilt at how he had made the old man wait for him for a time far longer than three days, Valyr decided to acquiesce to the man's wishes, disabling a portion of his disguise to allow Noel to get a look at his true face. "Now that's quite surprising." Slightly taken aback by how Valyr disguised himself, Noel let out a faint chuckle before nodding, telling the former that he could fully activate his disguise again. "If I weren't focusing all of my attention on you, I wouldn't have even noticed the disguise and thought you were another person altogether." "In any case, before I continue with my questioning, does anyone else aside from Julian know that you are currently within this kingdom?" Hearing this question escape Noel's mouth, Valyr flashed a bitter smile at the man before nodding. "Well, there's you." In response, Valyr decided to take a jab at how Noel had figured out his identity through luck, causing the latter to let out a bit of laughter whilst the former had a bitter smile on his face. "Aside from that, there's the elders from the Imperial Production Guild's Ancestral Hall, a few people from the Imperial Production Guild's reconnaissance team, and a friend that I had brought along with me when I came here." "Could I ask if your friend is affiliated with any organization or noble clan?" Nodding after Valyr was finished enumerating the people within the kingdom that knew of his true identity, Noel posed yet another question to the young man. "We used to be part of the same guard regiment in a faraway village," said Valyr in response. "But other than that, he's the son of Anadhar City's mayor if I remember correctly." "A fledgling noble family, then." In response to Valyr's words, Noel nodded, letting out a sigh of relief soon after. "Fortunately, all of those who know of your identity at the moment have connections to the Zeihardt clan's supportive faction, may they be distant or close." "If even one of those who know of your identity is connected to the rebel faction, I'm certain that you wouldn't even be able to stand here before me at this moment." "Of course, I'm also affiliated with the supportive faction. In fact, the Spearman Guild is one of the combat class guilds that's affiliated with your clan's supportive faction." Realizing that he had insinuated to Valyr with his words that there was a chance that he was affiliated with the rebel faction, Noel quickly clarified to the young man that he was not, having to prove himself for quite some time before the young man's doubts gradually disappeared. "So, is there any significant reason as to why you wanted to ascertain my true identity, Elder Noel?" Letting out a faint sigh, Valyr looked at Noel as he asked the man a question, only for a blank expression to appear on his face as the latter swiftly shook his head with a slight grin. "Purely to satiate my curiosity," said Noel in response. Though, after pondering over the question for a bit more, he gave the young man a genuine smile as he told him, "And I guess to take delight in the fact that I'm teaching a Herald of the Zeihardt clan the subclass I've put most, if not all of my efforts into." "Your identity and my reasons for asking aside, you came to meet me to tell me your answer to my question some time ago, right?" "That would be correct." Seeing as Noel pushed the matter aside for the meantime, Valyr went ahead and did so as well, nodding in response. "Alright." Nodding back at Valyr, Noel took in a deep breath before deciding to repeat the question he had asked the young man almost a week earlier. "Among the three options you have to improve your Shadow Energy, are you still adamant on killing a Shadow Serpent to improve it?" "Remember that you still have a long life ahead of you, even if we take in your identity and your preparation for the inheritance in consideration." For a while, the gears in Valyr's mind turned as he thought about the question once more. Eventually, a thought surfaced in his mind, prompting the doubts in his mind to disappear as a confident smile soon appeared on his face. "You mentioned back then that a Rank 3 class holder would have no difficulty slaying a Shadow Serpent, right?" As Valyr asked Noel this question, the latter raised his eyebrow in curiosity as he nodded in response. "Yes? What about it?" Whoosh! "Since that's the case…" Chapter 408: The Shadow Plane MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Feeling the billowing aura Valyr emanated as the young man released the entirety of his aura for the old man to sense, Noel was left at a slight loss for words as he recalled that the young man only had the ability to go toe-to-toe against Rank 2 class holders almost a week ago. With that in mind, he began to wonder to himself as to how the young man was able to increase his strength so dramatically in such a short span. "Do you mind if I use [Analysis] on you for a bit?" Wanting to know the answer to this question himself, Noel decided to ask Valyr for permission in having his strength be identified. In response, the young man retracted his aura before nodding, telling the elder that he would appreciate it if he only looked at his status screen. "Don't worry. That was my intention to begin with." Reassuring Valyr that he would only look through the young man's status screen, Noel soon went ahead and activated his identification skill on Valyr, causing a faint dark blue haze to cover the man's eyes as Valyr felt that the old man in front of him could see right through him. "[Superior Analysis]." Whoosh! Not even a second after Noel had activated his identification skill, a screen containing a great amount of detail regarding Valyr's status screen appeared in front of the elder's field of vision, prompting the haze surrounding his eyes to disappear as he focused his attention to the screen before him. "That explains everything…" Unsurprisingly, Noel was once more left at a loss for words as he took a look at Valyr's stats, most of which were only possible for one to achieve at a considerably higher level than what the young man had at the moment. Of course, it did not take long for Noel to deduce how the young man's stats had reached such a level, factoring in the young man's class, the subclass he had given him, as well as the set of equipment the young man was wearing at the moment, with the equipment Valyr wore giving him the feeling that it had become one with the man. "Haah." Letting out a low sigh as he closed the screen before him, Noel looked at Valyr before asking the latter a question. "You definitely have the strength of a Rank 3 class holder according to your stats, that's for sure." "But have you tried fighting against a foe at Rank 3 before?" Asking this question, the elder was incredibly certain that the man before him would have only fought against those at the peak of his current class rank at most, basically utilizing his superior strength to defeat weaker enemies. However, rather than respond to Noel's question directly, Valyr instead asked the old man a question in response. "Before I respond to that question, have you gone through the three dungeons in the Lesser Meltierre Mountains before, Elder Noel?" "The Skill Key dungeons in that region?" In response, Noel nodded. "I have. It's a good place to grind Common and Uncommon grade Skill Keys in, after all." "Have you cleared the Rare Abyss, then?" Nodding in response to Noel's answer, Valyr threw another question at the former, to which the man responded with a nod. "Since that's the case, you know of the demilich then." Expecting to have to nod once more at another question, Noel instead remained silent once he heard Valyr mention the final boss of the Rare Abyss dungeon. Though the rooms that made up the entire dungeon was procedurally generated, the mini-bosses that one would have to fight against in the 5th, 10th, and 15th rooms were fixed, all of them being improved versions of the Skeleton Mages one would have to defeat during their run in order to proceed. "I'm sure you've heard of the demilich, right?" Noticing that Noel had gone silent, a faint grin appeared on Valyr's face as he continued talking about the Rare Abyss' final boss. "Demilich Femur? Level 50? A Mythic Elite tier monster many would face difficulty against?" "Alright, alright. I get it. You beat the demilich." Feeling that the young man before him was going to grow more annoying the longer he allowed him to speak, Noel decided to interrupt the young man from continuing, telling him that he already understood what he was hinting at. "And before you say I'm wrong, I can already infer that you beat the demilich without experiencing any difficulty. I did get to see your stats, after all." "That more than proves that I have the combat experience to fight against a Shadow Serpent, right?" Deciding to make sure that he indeed had the qualifications to fight against the monster Noel thought would pose a difficulty to him, as well as wanting to annoy the old man one more time, Valyr posed yet another question to the old man. "Yes, yes, yes." Pinching his forehead as he felt his blood start to boil for some apparent reason, Noel took in a few deep breaths to calm himself down before deciding to look at Valyr yet again. Seeing the young man smile at him in a slightly mocking manner, the elder let out a low sigh before proceeding to pull up a screen in front of him, interacting with it for a bit soon after. Ding! [You have received a subclass promotion quest: Returning to One's Roots.] Hearing the ever familiar notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr went ahead and took a look at his notification screen, a slight grin adorning his face as he read that he had received a subclass promotion quest from Noel. However, just as he was about to take a look at its description to get a better idea of what he needed to do to complete it, the old man interrupted him from doing so. "I'd suggest you save that for later," said Noel with a serious expression. "Since you're incredibly determined to kill a Shadow Serpent, we're now on a race against time." Whoosh! Taking in a deep breath, Noel called upon his connection with the Abyssal Energy he had access to thanks to his subclass before chanting a few words that sounded incomprehensible to Valyr, placing his hands on the ground not long after as he coursed the Abyssal Energy through it. Swoosh! Within seconds, a magic circle made out of Abyssal Energy appeared on the ground before Noel, prompting Valyr to remain silent as he watched runes made out of the same energy write itself on the edges of the magic circle, only for a rift to appear a couple dozen centimeters above the magic circle some time later. Feeling his connection with Shadow Energy surprisingly become stronger the closer he was to the rift, Valyr shifted his gaze to Noel, who was already expecting the former to ask about the rift. Clearing his throat, he explained. "In relation to the quest I've given you, we'll be heading to the place where Shadow Serpents are aplenty, considering that we'll be heading to the place where the energy we connect with originates from." "Some call it the realm where darkness resides. Others say it's a place where all common sense breaks loose." "But to us connected to the place's energy, it is only known…" "…as the Shadow Plane." Chapter 409: Returning To One’s Roots MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "The Shadow Plane…" Murmuring the name of the place Noel had mentioned to him, Valyr thought to himself how it was slightly absurd that evolving a couple skills to a higher grade was the only thing hindering him from gaining access to such a place that not many would have access to. With that, he felt a bit grateful that he had planned on taking the subclass he had wanted to get back then, feeling a bit of excitement and nervousness at the same time as he continued to stare at the dark rift before them. Whoosh! "Alright. It's stabilized." Letting out a deep sigh of relief, Noel released his hands off of the magic circle as the Abyssal Energy emanating from him gradually disappeared. Seeing as the rift remained where it was, he then took a look at Valyr, who was continuing to look at him all this time. With that, he then gestured to the young man to head into the rift first, only to stop the latter just as he had taken a step forward. "On second thought, I'll take the lead." Saying these words, Noel called upon his connection with Abyssal Energy once more, shrouding his entire body in a faint black haze as he soon headed into the rift, disappearing from Valyr's field of vision the very moment he stepped in. Swoosh! "So… should I head in?" Seeing as Noel had disappeared in front of him, Valyr scratched the back of his head for a bit, wondering whether to enter the rift or not due to how the old man had stopped him from doing so earlier. Fortunately, while he continued to remain standing, pondering over what to do, Noel's voice soon echoed from the rift. "You better head in," said the elder in a slightly annoyed tone. "I didn't create a rift to the Shadow Plane just to waste my Abyssal Energy for no reason." "However, make sure to steel yourself for what you're going to see on the other side." Leaving these parting words to the young man, Noel stayed silent after that, causing the young man to look at the rift for a bit as he decided to open up the description of the quest he had just received. "Haah…" Letting out a low sigh as he closed the screen he had brought up, Valyr took in a deep breath before proceeding to move closer to the rift, eventually taking a step into it. "Then again, I never expected to get the subclass this easily." Whoosh! … "Where am I?" Feeling that his feet had stepped on solid ground, Valyr went ahead and tried to check his current surroundings, only to find out that he could not see anything at all. A few seconds later, he realized that his sense of hearing had gone out as well, tapping his fingers onto his ears multiple times, only for him to hear no sound from them at all. Though he felt a bit of panic due to two of his more prominent senses becoming cut off, Valyr began to breathe slowly, trying to maintain a calm and collected mind as best as possible as he thought about the reasons why Noel had brought him to the Shadow Plane in the first place. 'Calm down, Valyr. Noel wouldn't bring you to a place that makes you lose your sight and hearing for no reason,' Valyr thought to himself. 'After all, he's a part of the clan's supportive faction. He would hope that I become stronger for the sake of the supportive faction,
