sky with a blank gaze for quite some time, Valyr was forced to sit upright after the two boars came closer to him, their expressions showing their concern for his wellbeing. Assuring the two massive boars that he was fine, the young man soon asked the two boars to give some time to think, taking in a few deep breaths to calm down his mind once more as the Arx'has Boars distanced themselves from him. 'So… how did the amount of unused XP I used to have eventually snowball to this amount?' Seeing that the two boars had made sure that their presence wouldn't distract him, Valyr focused all of his attention inward, the gears in his mind starting to turn as he retraced all of the things he had done in the past that gave him XP. Unsurprisingly, it did not take long for him to recall that almost all of the XP he had gained as of recent were obtained from slaying monsters. However, after pondering over it for a bit more, he soon came to think that he might have slain a far larger number of monsters than he had initially expected, considering that the amount of unused XP he had right now was absurdly large. Thankfully, the answer started to unfold in his mind once he recalled the notification he had just seen earlier, eliciting a bitter smile to gradually creep up onto his lips as he muttered a few words to himself. "I guess I've been punching above my weight a little bit too much, huh." Though he had gotten used to fighting against monsters that were a few levels above him, even monsters over ten levels above him such as the Shadow Lions and Shadow Tigers he had just faced off, as well as the Skeleton Archmages he had fought back in the Lesser Meltierre Mountain dungeons, it was only at this moment did it dawn upon him how absurd his strength had become. "Setting aside all of the skills, titles, and equipment I have at the moment, the root of my absurd strength all boils down to the Mythic class I have," said Valyr to himself, letting out a low sigh after being reminded how he wouldn't be able to achieve what he had achieved so far if not for the class. "All of what I have only augments that strength even further, allowing me to do what I do today." "In any case, since I have more than enough XP to do so, I should probably do that, considering it affects the strength of my summons." Closing his eyes for a bit, a calm expression eventually returned on Valyr's face as he opened his eyes, coming to terms with the reality check the amount of unused XP he currently owned had given him. "Aside from that, I wouldn't be able to improve past that point because of the inheritance anyway." Feeling that it was a waste for him to not use even a bit of the unused XP he left untouched all this time, Valyr went ahead and sent a command to the system, only for a notification screen to appear before him not long after that notified him… …of his successful level up. Ding! [13,790,287 XP has been allocated.] [Your level has increased by 7 levels.] [You are now Level 40.] [You have gained the following stats from your class: +28 VIT, +28 STR, +28 AGI, +49 DEX, +49 INT, +14 WIS, +21 PER, and +7 LUK.] [You have gained the following stats from your subclass: +14 VIT, +7 STR, +21 AGI, and +28 DEX.] [You have gained 28 unassigned stat points.] [You have reached the level limit of your current class. To increase this limit, it is highly advised for you to ascend to a higher class.] [Would you like to ascend?] Whoosh! "To think reaching the peak of Rank 2 didn't even consume even a tenth of the XP I currently have." Feeling a strong surge of strength wash over his body as he read through the series of notifications he had received, Valyr found the current situation somewhat amusing, with his actions reminding him once more how much XP he still had left to allocate. Doing a few basic movements to acclimate to his newfound strength, slowly pushing his body closer and closer to the increased limits his body could handle, Valyr eventually let out a satisfied sigh, allocating his unassigned stat points evenly between his DEX and INT as he pondered to himself whether or not to spend some more of his unused XP on leveling up all of his unleveled skills to their maximum level. However, rather than make a decision now, he decided that he would make the decision after fighting against the Shadow Tigers some more, calling the Arx'has Boars through the connection they had to his soul to head to where he was. "Gork." As the two boars did not go too far from where Valyr was, it did not take long for them to appear before him, the expressions they had while staring at the young man being that of curiosity, wondering as to why they had been called. "It's time for us to continue our combat testing." Responding to their expressions, an excited grin appeared on Valyr's face as he thought about his chances of winning against the Shadow Tigers with his newly improved stats. With how they were under the young man's control, as well as the fact that they had undergone a great level of improvement from just running around to taunt the Shadow Tigers, it went without saying that the boars had become excited at Valyr's words as well. And thus, they began their onslaught once more. … Similar to the amount of time Valyr had spent fighting against the previous creatures, only stopping once [Shadow Energy Mark] had informed him that he had reached a bottleneck, Valyr and the two boars spent over a couple of hours wrangling all of the Shadow Tigers into one spot before proceeding to eliminate all of them with a single swift yet incredibly destructive move. Though the number of Shadow Tigers they were able to wrangle up was far lesser than the number of Shadow Tigers they had wrangled during the first bout, each group of Shadow Tigers they eliminated still hovered around the 30 to 40 range, allowing Valyr and the boars to still obtain a large amount of XP with every bout. Of course, wanting to maximize the amount of XP he had been obtaining from killing the Shadow Tigers, he had summoned three more Arx'has Boars through the growth summoning method, all of which had better base stats than the first two due to Valyr leveling up. Then again, with how much XP the first two Arx'has Boars had amassed throughout their fights so far, the two boars were still far stronger than the three that had been summoned. Nevertheless, with five boars now working together to congregate the Shadow Tigers into one spot, the efficiency of Valyr's attacks had increased significantly, with most of the groups they were creating now numbering around 80 to 90. By the time they had killed around 400 Shadow Tigers, Valyr found out that he could change the ratio of gained XP that was shared between him and the Arx'has Boars. Seeing that the amount of unused XP he had at that moment had already surpassed how much he had before he chose to level up, he unhesitatingly changed the allocation ratio… …to where all of it went towards his summons. Unsurprisingly, the decision drastically improved the leveling speed of the five Arx'has Boars, especially the three boars that were trying to catch up as much as possible to reach the same level of strength the first two had. Sadly, all good things had to come to an end as by the time Valyr had killed over 900 Shadow Tigers, a string of notifications had appeared in front of his field of vision. Ding! [Your Shadow Energy has improved by 0.03 points.] [Your Shadow Energy has reached a bottleneck. From now onwards, killing Shadow Tigers and lesser entities shall not net you any increase in Shadow Energy.] [You have completed part of the requirements for the quest: Returning to One's Roots.] [Improve your Shadow Energy Mark to contain 10 points of Shadow Energy (10/10)] Chapter 430: Lurking Dangers MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "Good work everyone. We've achieved what we needed to achieve." Reading through the string of notifications he had just obtained after wiping out yet another group of Shadow Tigers, a bright smile appeared on Valyr's face as he shifted his gaze to the five boars before him. "Go take a break. You deserve it." "Gork!" In response to Valyr's words, the five boars looked at each other for a bit before returning their gazes back at Valyr, their expressions that of relief and excitement. Letting out snorts filled with gratitude in unison, the five headed to a more secluded area that was near the young man before proceeding to lay down on the cool watery ground. 'With my Shadow Energy finally at 10 points, the only thing left for me to do is to improve its quality to the 1st Cleansing grade and kill a Shadow Serpent.' Watching the boars lie down on the cold ground with satisfied expressions on their faces, Valyr let out a faint chuckle as he decided to lean his back on a nearby tree, staring at the boars for a bit as he recalled the great number of Shadow Tigers they had killed. With the number of Shadow Tigers he had killed being far more than the number of Shadow Mammoths, Shadow Bears, and Shadow Lions he had killed combined, it went without saying that Valyr had amassed a great amount of XP from doing so. However, after discovering the ability to change the allocation ratio of XP between him and the boars around halfway into their hunt, he changed the ratio to where all of the XP they would get from the Shadow Tigers would go to the boars instead. Naturally, such a choice had a massive impact on the growth rate of the five boars. "Gork." As one of the first two boars let out a long yet relaxed snort, with the others snorting in response, Valyr was reminded of the boars' size once more, with the first two boars now over eight meters in length, with their heights now being tall as Valyr himself. As for the three other boars he had summoned later on, their sizes were slightly lacking compared to the first two, but not by much. 'It just goes to show how it gets progressively more difficult to level up the higher one's level is.' Though this thought lingered in his mind, the amount of XP the boars had obtained from killing the Shadow Tigers was actually more than enough for them to push past the Rank 2 barrier, all of them now solidly within the ranks of Rank 3 beings. Being the ones who had gotten most of the XP from killing the Shadow Tigers so far, the first two boars Valyr summoned were already at the later levels of Rank 3, only lacking a couple more levels to reach its peak. As for the remaining three, they were all solidly in the middle levels of Rank 3, which gave them a level of strength that did not lose out to the first two boars. "It definitely sucks that I can't ascend to Rank 3 yet because of the inheritance," muttered Valyr to himself, gradually closing his eyes as he basked himself in the environment. "Then again, the gains I would obtain from participating would help me out in the long term." "Seeing as you've allowed your summons to take a rest, I suppose you've already achieved 10 points of Shadow Energy?" As Valyr continued to take in the surroundings with a relaxed smile on his face, an old man eventually appeared beside him, throwing a question at the former that prompted him to open his eyes. "Can't I give them a bit of rest, Elder Noel? After all, they've been helping me out all this time." In response to the question, Valyr let out a slight chuckle, only for his expression to turn solemn soon after. "Either way, I have indeed obtained 10 points of Shadow Energy." "I suppose I'm going to start improving its quality now?" fe. c "Unless you want to go and kill a Shadow Serpent?" Hearing this question come out of Noel's mouth, Valyr looked at the old man in response, showing his eagerness to do so with a faint nod. Noticing this, Noel's somewhat joking expression gradually disappeared, being replaced with a solemn expression as he showed through his aura that the young man was far from ready to fight against a Shadow Serpent. Understanding that he might be possibly skipping steps by forgoing the improvement of his Shadow Energy's quality, Valyr did not insist on fighting against the Shadow Serpent any further, instead shifting the topic by asking about how he would go about improving his Shadow Energy's quality. "I believe I've already told you how to do that, no?" Raising his eyebrow in slight confusion, Noel began to distance himself from the young man, giving the latter ample space to focus all of his attention on himself. "In any case, achieve a Shadow Energy quality of Pure grade first. Only then will I start giving you more information on the upgrading process." "Condense the Shadow Energy into one spot and remove the impurities that appear out of it…" Going through the memories he had saved in his mind, Valyr soon recalled the words Noel had spoken to him a few hours ago regarding the upgrading process. "That's all I need to do, right?" "That's all you need to do, yes." Noel firmly nodded in response. "However, I will advise you to try and be quicker, though. With how much time you've taken to reach the bottleneck against the Shadow Tigers, we only have less than four hours left before we have to leave the Shadow Plane." "I haven't really thought much about it so far, but what would exactly happen if we were to not leave the Shadow Plane before those four hours are up?" As Valyr asked this question to the old man, he began to sit on the ground cross-legged in preparation for what he was about to do, thinking that the only reason why Noel wanted them to leave the Shadow Plane in less than four hours left was because the sun would set at that time. However, judging from the slightly grim expression that had appeared on Noel's face in response to the question, it was only then did Valyr think that things might not be that simple. "Haah…" Letting out a low sigh, Noel looked at the young man before proceeding to open his mouth. "To be honest, nothing much would really happen if we were to stay in the Shadow Plane after the sun begins to set." "But why…" "However, that would only apply to me." Before Valyr could even begin asking his question, he was interrupted by Noel, with the man's words causing the former to go silent. Seeing that Valyr's interest was now piqued by his statement, the old man took in a deep breath before deciding to continue. "After the sun begins set, the true nature of the Shadow Plane begins to appear." "This ambient Shadow Energy surrounding us at the moment? All of that disappears after the sun sets, being replaced with a far more ferocious energy that would invade our bodies the very moment it appears." At these words, Noel's expression turned even more grim, his mind bringing up some unsavory memories he already swore he had forgotten. "A few of those who had the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass tried to extend their stay in the Shadow Plane in the past under my surveillance, thinking that nothing would happen to them. In their minds, they thought the Shadow Plane would only turn darker than it already was and that was it." "Oh, how they were very wrong." Noel shook his head, his body faintly trembling as more and more of those unsavory memories popped up in his mind. "Within seconds of that ferocious energy appearing, they were all turned into statues, their bodies gradually turning pitch black in the process. In my eyes, it was as if the darkness itself was swallowing them whole." "Then how…" "…am I still alive, you might ask?" Knowing what question had formed within Valyr's mind, Noel asked the same question before the young man could finish, only to answer that same question after that. "Quite simple." "The Shadow, the Void, and the Abyss. The three levels of energy I've mentioned to you before," said Noel in response. "The Shadow refers to Shadow Energy, the energy you and any other Shadow Serpentine Lancer would be able to wield inside and outside the Shadow Plane. It is also the type of energy generally found within the Shadow Plane…" "…during the day." Hearing this phrase come out of Noel's mouth, Valyr's expression turned slightly grim, putting two and two in his mind together as he now had a hunch as to why it was dangerous for him to stay in the Shadow Plane after sunset. "The Void. Void Energy. Only Void Serpentine Lancers have the ability to wield it, also giving them the ability to stay in the Shadow Plane after the sun begins to set." As Noel said those words, it was only then did Valyr confirm the hypothesis he had come up with. "It is also the same energy that invaded the bodies of those foolish Shadow Serpentine Lancers, their bodies forever trapped in darkness." "And if one were to extend their stay even further and reach the height of the night?" "Then one would only find the Abyss." "That is why I am the only one who could stay in the Shadow Plane indefinitely…" "… and the reason why you only have less than four hours left in this place before we have to leave." Chapter 431: Removing Impurities MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "That… was a far more comprehensive answer than I initially thought." Committing every word Noel had spoken to him regarding the reason why he could not stay in the Shadow Plane after sunset as of yet, Valyr was silent for a minute or so before finally being able to respond, feeling a hint of guilt after recalling the expressions the old man had made during his explanation. "I… also apologize for bringing up some bad memories, Elder Noel," said Valyr soon after, turning to look at the ground as he let out a faint sigh. fenl. "Why are you apologizing for something you don't have control over?" Letting out a sigh of his own in response, Noel told the young man to look back at him, leaving the young man no choice but to do so. "It was my mind that decided to bring up some memories I thought I'd already forgotten out of nowhere. You don't have apologize for it." "If anything, direct that apology to yourself." As Noel said these words to him, Valyr looked back at the former with confusion written all over his face. Fortunately, the old man's statement was more than enough to clear that confusion up. "Because of that question of yours, you now have far less time to improve your Shadow Energy's quality in the Shadow Plane." "Is there something wrong with improving one's Shadow Energy outside the Shadow Plane, Elder Noel?" Noticing how the old man had focused in on him improving his Shadow Energy while they were still within its origin, Valyr wondered to himself if there was some complex reason to it as well, thinking that there might be restrictions to refining the energy outside the Shadow Plane just like how he could not stay in the Shadow Plane after sunset. However, what he got instead was… "Not really." Noel faintly shook his head with his expression that of slight confusion. "You could go ahead and improve your Shadow Energy quality just fine outside the Shadow Plane. It's just that it's tens to hundreds of times slower since your level of sensitivity towards the energy is decreased." "Oh." Not wanting the other side to realize that he had just seemingly complicated the answer to the question in his mind, Valyr decided to just nod in response before proceeding to close his eyes, cutting off his five external senses one by one as he focused his attention on the small black mass near his heart. "I guess he thought he would get a similar answer out of me." On the other hand, taking note as to how Valyr's behavior had swiftly changed after obtaining the answer to his question from Noel, the latter did not pursue the matter any further, instead letting out a bit of laughter before proceeding to sit near the young man. "Let's see if you could improve your Shadow Energy quality by two grades before we have to leave the Shadow Plane." Casting a barrier of Abyssal Energy around the two to make sure none of the Shadow Tigers in the area would disturb the two of them, Noel took a brief glance at Valyr before deciding to close his eyes, attuning himself to his surroundings before soon focusing all of his attention towards his internals as well. … "Wow." At the very instant Valyr had cut off all of his external senses, with only his mental power being the only thing taking a look at what was inside the small black mass, the young man was swiftly greeted by the sight of what looked like a field of dark particles, faintly glistening every once in a while as if they were stars in space. "So, I'm guessing the dark particles is a manifestation of the Shadow Energy I've collected from the creatures
