that it was a test, but you didn't have to take it that far, you know?" "I guess I did get a bit too carried away…" Scratching the back of his head as he thought about he acted towards Valyr just as they had met again, the man bitterly smiled as he looked at Valyr. "Just so you know, my intentions were not to aggravate you in any way. I just wanted you to be reminded that we've already met before." "Is that so?" Though Valyr still had a frown on his face after the taunting the man had done so far, he reminded himself once more that the ambush was a test to see if he was a fitting candidate for the Four Pillars' Inheritance. Telling himself that the man had no choice but to keep that information a secret from him, the young man took in a few deep breaths, calming himself down as he listened to the man respond to his question. "That really was my only intention." The man continued to bitterly smile. "Of course, I'd understand if you still hold a grudge against what I did, and I'd also understand if you wanted to fight with me to bury the hatchet or something." "In fact, with your current strength, I think we could even fight on equal footing." With his arrogant facade from earlier now gone, the man turned the conversation between them from that of taunting into that of praising Valyr for his progress so far. "If not for the fact that you can't ascend to Rank 3 because of the upcoming inheritance, we could've fought against each other where the chances of winning were truly even." "I know you're flattering me just so I forget about the indignation I suffered thanks to you." Letting out a low sigh, Valyr looked at the man with a calm expression, whose bitter smile widened in response to the young man's words. "It's definitely helping out, but I can't just forget something like that so easily." "I would've been more surprised if you forgave me just from that." Not expecting the young man to say in a roundabout way that his words of praise was working, the man let out a bit of laughter. "In any case, though we have already met back in the past due to circumstances, let me properly introduce myself to you." "As you might have heard from Julian earlier, my name is Zeik," said the man soon after. "With that, my full name is Zeik Verrthorne, though I don't really associate myself with the family anymore, so if possible, just call me Zeik instead." "Though I was Rank 4 back when I had to test out your level of combat proficiency, which is incredibly superb if I do say so myself, I'm already a Rank 5 class holder. Whether I'm an Epic or a Legend is up for you to figure out." "You know what Epics and Legends are, right?" Asking this question to the young man, Zeik faintly smiled when Valyr nodded in response. "Of course, I'm affiliated with the Blacksmith Guild. If not, I wouldn't have done that to you in the first place," Zeik added. "As for my position within the guild…" "I guess you could say I'm one of the commanders of the guild's Combat Specialist Division." At those words, Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity. Though he had interacted with the Blacksmith Guilds hundreds to thousands of times in the past, he had never heard the Blacksmith Guild having a Combat Specialist Division at all. "It's a division only some of the higher-ups in the guild know of." Noticing the slight confusion and curiosity written on Valyr's expression, Julian decided to clear up some of it. "Think of it as the Blacksmith Guild's strongest blades and shields in the face of battle." "Whatever the Guildmaster said." Nodding in response to Julian's words, Zeik looked at Valyr, who swiftly looked back at him after briefly pondering over something. "Should I properly introduce myself to you as well?" "There's no need." Hearing Valyr's question, Zeik shook his head with a smile. "I've already been informed by Julian of all the necessary things I need to know about you… and I guess I did a bit more digging into you here and there." "Anyways, shall we head to the Akashic Battlefield?" … Ttang! Ttang! Ttang! "Dad!" Whilst Julian was in the midst of working on another piece of equipment that would be sent to the defensive lines, a young woman that had features similar to him barged into his personal workshop all of a sudden, a frown adorning the young woman's face. "Why didn't you tell me that guy passed by?" "Is this about the inheritance again?" Hearing the question the young woman asked, Julian let out a defeated sigh as he placed his hammer on the anvil, turning around to face his daughter. "I've already told you that my decision on who would take the candidate spot for blacksmithing on the upcoming inheritance won't change. Believe me when I tell you that his potential in forging is far greater than yours." "How great could he possibly be, Dad?" Unsurprisingly, the young woman did not relent, wanting to prove to her father that she was more worthy of the position. "Well, could you forge an Epic grade armor set that has a high item level, but could still be equipped by someone with a lower level?" Getting somewhat tired of having to bicker with his daughter over the matter multiple times, Julian decided to drop an incredible feat the young man had done to dissuade her from continuing. "That's… that's got to be a joke, right?" Naturally, such a feat shocked the young woman to her core, her expression filled with disbelief as she looked at her father. "Even you take a long time to forge something like that, Dad." "I do." Julian nodded. "That's why it's all the more surprising for him to achieve such a thing, especially the fact that he had forged it just as he had ascended to Rank 2." "…" "…haah. Just let Dad do his work for now, Theraldine. I'll let you know when he stops by again." "…alright." Chapter 438: The Akashic Battlefield MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "So, how does the Imperial Production Guild choose their candidates for the Four Pillars' Inheritance exactly?" As both Valyr and Zeik made their way to the Akashic Battlefield, the two of them began to talk with one another along the way, hoping to decrease the feeling of awkwardness around them. At some point in their conversation, Valyr brought up to Zeik a certain topic he was curious about. "As far as I know, there's a certain process to it." Pondering over the question, the gears in Zeik's mind turned for quite some time before he was able to answer. "If I remember correctly, it's a three-step process?" "Anyways, take my next words with a grain of salt." Briefly scratching the back of his head as he thought about it even more, an expression that seemed to say he had latched onto something eventually appeared on his face as he continued. "First, the Imperial Production Guild sets down a list of criteria that they would like to see in the candidates that might possibly participate in the inheritance." "Yep." Nodding in response, Valyr then told Zeik that he had already known of the criteria the Imperial Production Guild had set down for the candidates. With that, he asked the man to proceed onto the two steps that came after the criteria. "Well, once the criteria for the candidates has been established, the four guilds under the Imperial Production Guild would go ahead and look through the list of members that had registered under their guild and see if they fit the criteria the Imperial Production Guild had given," Zeik said not long after in response to Valyr's request. "Of course, with how many members there are within each guild, the number of potential candidates each guild ends up with still numbers around the double digits, with the lowest number being around 20 or so. Add on the possibility of candidates that fit the criteria but just registered themselves into their respective guilds, that number sometimes ends up being higher." "Then, what comes after that?" asked Valyr once Zeik was done talking. "Information gathering," replied Zeik concisely. "First, the guilds verify whether the information that they've obtained from their list is true. After that, they do a few more tests revolving around the capabilities of that person, such as their capabilities in production and capabilities in combat." "And that's what you did, right?" At those words, Valyr looked at Zeik, causing the latter to let out an awkward chuckle. "I'll admit once more that I probably went a bit overboard back then." As Zeik looked back at Valyr, he had a wry smile on his face. "But your combat capabilities at that time was something I could only compare to another person that had also been recently tested around that time." "Compare in a good way… or in a bad way?" "In a good way, of course," replied Zeik. "Amongst all of the Rank 1 and Rank 2 class holders at that time that the four production class guilds gathered information on, only one could be said to be standing at the peak amongst all of the four production class guilds." "Of course, when we're talking about members within the Blacksmith Guild, then you're undoubtedly the best when it comes to combat," added Zeik not long after. "What's the name of that person that's the best in combat?" Ignoring the words of praise Zeik had tacked onto his words near the end, Valyr thought back to the man's earlier words. "Unfortunately, I have no clue which family that person comes from." Flashing a slightly apologetic smile towards Valyr, Zeik went ahead and told the young man what he wanted to know. "What I do know is the name that those close to him call him." "And that is…?" "Hal," said Zeik, prompting Valyr to go silent as he rummaged through his treasure trove of memories from his past life. 'Huh. Nothing.' Surprisingly, after rummaging through his memories for quite some time, Valyr found no mention or tidbits of information regarding the person named Hal. With that, he felt a sense of deja vu, recalling the time where he could not find out anything about himself or the Zeihardt clan in his early days of setting foot in Greater Beyond. 'I guess I'll only find out who that person is once we meet up for the tournament a week before the inheritance.' Thinking that he had gotten more information than what he bargained for from asking Zeik, Valyr decided to shift the topic to something else more mundane, which the two of them kept up until they arrived at the northwest defensive line outside Algerie Kingdom. … "We're finally here." Stopping in front of a rift that spanned over 20 meters in both height and width, Valyr and Zeik watched as people in uniforms moved around the vicinity, asking all of those that wished to enter the rift to arrange themselves in a line. With all of those with uniforms emanating an aura that surpassed most of the people that wished to enter the rift, the people quickly did what they were told, arranging themselves into a line as they waited for their turn to enter the rift. Naturally, Zeik and Valyr joined the line as well, considering that they were going to enter the rift as well. Though, while they were waiting for their turn, Zeik decided to ask Valyr a question. "You do know what the Akashic Battlefield is like, right?" "I do." Valyr nodded in response. "Then you know about the various entrances corresponding to certain monster levels and strengths, right?" Somewhat surprised that Valyr knew about the Akashic Battlefield considering the young man's history, Zeik decided to ask more to ascertain whether the young man truly knew of its characteristics. "I do, but I forgot how many entrances there are in this Akashic Battlefield in front of us," responded Valyr as he nodded with slight uncertainty. "If I remember correctly, there are eight entrances, right?" "There are six entrances, actually," Zeik clarified in response. "All of them are named after a certain being that had made a great contribution to the kingdom." "That I know." Valyr nodded in agreement. "Anyways, why the sudden question?" "Well, let's just say you being knowledgeable of the Akashic Battlefield caught me a bit by surprise. After all, you've been away from the kingdom for quite a long amount of time." In response, Zeik looked at Valyr with a slightly awkward smile. "Anyways, it's our turn to enter the rift." "Which point would you like to enter?" Now at the front of the line, Zeik and Valyr were swiftly greeted by a young man in a guard uniform, asking them their destination within the Akashic Battlefield. "Point Caelion, please." Just as Zeik was about to reply to the guard's question, Valyr took the initiative to reply first, prompting the guard to nod in response as he infused a bit of mana into the rift, changing its coordinates. Whoosh! <subtxt> fweoe.o</subtxt> "Alright, the rift has been set to Point Caelion. You are free to enter." At these words, Zeik and Valyr thanked the guard before proceeding to step inside, disappearing from their original positions a few seconds later. Chapter 439: Point Caelion MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Swoosh! Feeling their bodies be enveloped by a unique energy as they zoomed through space for a bit, Valyr and Zeik soon appeared on an elevated stone platform, allowing them to get a better view of what was ahead of them. "We're here." Taking a look around their surroundings to get an idea of where they were, Zeik made his way down the elevated stone platform before looking back at Valyr. "So… are we going to depart for the battlefield? Or do you need to prepare a couple of things before we do that?" "I need to stock up on some potions, actually." Briefly responding to Zeik's question, the gears in Valyr's mind began to turn as he took a look at his surroundings, trying to recall as much as he could regarding the Akashic Battlefields he frequently visited. From what he could recall, though it seemed like the Akashic Battlefields were a secluded place in the real world that one could only head to through a rift, these places were actually barren realms lingering within the fabric of space that were separate from the real world… which one could only head to through a rift. As to how these barren realms were found and modified to become a space where people could gain great amounts of XP alongside combat experience, Valyr did not know too much about it, even after frequenting the Myriad Archives and similar large libraries in the past. As far as he knew, spatial mages at the peak of Rank 5 and beings at Rank 6 and higher were the ones that procured these realms and turned them into Akashic Battlefields. In fact, the Akashic Battlefield they were in right now, which was one of the Akashic Battlefields Valyr often frequented in the past, was procured by the founder of Algerie Kingdom himself. It was because of this sole reason that the first entrance of the kingdom's Akashic Battlefield was named in honor of the founder, being named Point Alhazar. "Ah, found a potions shop." After standing on the elevated stone platform for a while to get a better sense of where they were, Valyr eventually made his way down after getting an idea of where he had to go, with Zeik being left with no choice but to follow the young man from behind. Similar to every other entrance to the Akashic Battlefield, Point Caelion was situated in the middle of a decently sized outpost that had more or less everything a person might possibly need in preparation for the battlefield beyond the outpost's walls, being the elevated stone platform people would appear on top on after entering the corresponding rift. Of course, as the facilities within the outpost were made to be of great convenience to those heading to the battlefield, the merchants managing these facilities priced their services and goods at a marginally higher price compared to the same services and goods outside. Though this had already been accepted as a norm by those who frequent the Akashic Battlefield, it would still catch some of those who entered the Akashic Battlefield for the first time by surprise, which sometimes led to a small fight. "10 Lesser Health Rejuvenation Potions and 20 Lesser Mana Rejuvenation Potions. Is that correct?" After making his way to the potions shop he found, Valyr listed down the potions he needed to the attendant, who swiftly grabbed the items within a couple of minutes. "In total, that would be 30 gold coins." "Mind bringing it down to 25?" Placing the potions he had ordered from the attendant into his spatial bracelet, Valyr proceeded to haggle with the attendant, knowing that its true price within the outpost was lower than what the latter said. "You know how difficult it is to bring these items into the Akashic Battlefield, sir." Hearing Valyr's words, the attendant flashed an apologetic smile. "You also have to take in consideration the material cost, the labor cost to concoct and store the potions safely, as well as a quality assessment cost to ensure that the potions are deserving of the Lesser quality prefix." "So, I take that you won't go down to 23?" Rather than be swayed by the attendant's words, Valyr kept up a composed smile as he offered another price to the man. "Would you be willing to part with 28 gold coins, sir?" Realizing at that point that his normal excuses wouldn't work, the attendant inwardly let out a sigh as he gave a counteroffer. "24 gold coins." "27?" "25." "26 gold coins, sir?" "25 gold coins and not one gold coin more." "Alright, alright." Letting out a slightly disappointed sigh, the attendant finally relented, prompting Valyr to give the man 25 gold coins with a smile on his face. After making sure that all of the potions he had asked for were in his spatial bracelet, Valyr then left the potions shop with Zeik, but not before promising the attendant as he left that he would frequent their potions shop more often. Leaving the attendant that now had a slightly grateful smile on his face, the two then began to make their way to the area beyond the outpost. "Say, why'd you choose Point Caelion, Valyr?" While making their way to one of the official exits out of the outpost, Zeik looked at the young man beside him as the thought popped up into his mind. "Didn't you say earlier that the entrances have varying monster levels and strengths?" In response, Valyr looked back at him, his expression containing a trace hint of confusion. "I did." "Specifically, these entrances are arranged by increasing monster levels and strengths, right?" "Yeah?" "Then, it only makes sense for me to enter Point Caelion with my level of strength," said Valyr at the end of it, causing Zeik to become silent. "But Point Caelion's strongest monsters are only around Level 55, though?" "What do you mean by that?" From their conversation so far, Valyr thought that his escort was telling him that he had chosen a point that would need a level of strength far higher than his. But from the question he had just received, it seemed like that wasn't the case. "You have a Mythic class, right?" "Yeah?" "And you're at the peak of Rank 2, right?" "Then… with your combat capabilities, wouldn't it make more sense for you to be in Point Devann or Point Exiem?" At this point, the pieces that appeared in Valyr's mind finally clicked together, causing the young man to stop in his tracks as he looked at Zeik at a slight loss for words. "…You do know those points are filled with Rank 4 monsters, right? In fact, doesn't Point Exiem have monsters that have Intents?" "Yeah? Shouldn't you be able to fight against them no problem?" "…Sure, my current strength allows me to fight against foes of a higher level." "But do you really think I'm that strong?" Chapter 440: Makings Of A True Elite MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "Yes?" Responding to Valyr's question, Zeik looked back at the young man, now with confusion written all over his face. "I may not have a Mythic class of my own, but I'm pretty confident that you would be able to fight against Rank 4 monsters without worry." "I mean…" Seeing that Zeik was adamant that he had the capabilities to fight against Rank 4 monsters, Valyr became silent and decided to give it some thought, scratching the back of his head every once in a while. "I guess there's some truth to the matter." "Though, I'm pretty sure I'll only be able to fight against Rank 4 Elite monsters at most before I begin to be at a disadvantage against them." Comparing his own stats to the stats of some of the Rank 4 monsters he had faced in the past, Valyr eventually gave Zeik an answer, though it was still more or less in the realm of uncertainty. After all, there were a couple of reasons why he was uncertain. For one, he was comparing his current combat prowess to the Rank 4 monsters he had fought in the past, which he had fought against with lower stats than what he had right now. And second… He had not fought against any Rank 4 monster yet. "Is that so?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity as a couple of thoughts popped up in his mind, Zeik decided to leave the matter be, shifting the topic to something
