be another one of the auction house's rare items that did not get sold to anybody. "In any case, we've only deciphered a small portion of the book, so there's a chance that you might discover something else about the book." Knowing that it would be incredibly lucky for him to sell this book to a person currently in the auction house, Sirius let out an awkward chuckle as he hyped the item up one last time. "With that, the bidding for this item is now open. The initial price starts at… uh… let's go with 25 platinum coins." … 'How the heckdid such a legendary item appear in this place?!' Though he listened to a fair bit of Sirius' explanation regarding the item, Valyr's attention was fully focused on the item, gazing at the archaic-looking book as he wondered whether or not his eyes had failed him. Fortunately, after listening a bit more to the man's words regarding the item, the young man was eventually certain that he had come across an incredibly powerful item, his body quivering in excitement as he rummaged through his treasure trove of memories in the past life. nnea.cm 'I'm pretty sure a player came across this kind of book as well back then,' thought Valyr to himself, continuing to rummage through his memories to find the specific one he wanted. 'What was the book about again…?' 'Ah, found it.' Eventually, by the time Sirius was talking about the book's effects, the young man had found the memory he was looking for, murmuring the name of the exact book being shown on stage to himself. "The Outer Realm Scripture…" Though it seemed like the name of the book was related to religion or the cultivation of a specific type of energy, the Outer Realm Scripture was actually a skill book that contained a passive skill that everyone sought to obtain for themselves. After all, it was one of the very few skills during the first couple versions of Greater Beyond to boost certain stats by 50%. However, rather than the entire passive skill being contained in one skill book, the Outer Realm Scripture was actually split into three volumes, each containing a part of the skill that would eventually allow one to obtain that 50% stat boost. Thankfully, because a player had come across the item in the past, he and many other players were able to find out that the volumes were color-coded depending on which part of the skill they contained. With that, the young man was certain that the item on stage contained the first part of the Outer Realm Scripture. 'I wonder where the other volumes of the Outer Realm Scripture are?' asked Valyr to himself, proceeding to bid on the item as he noticed that everyone was silent. 'I guess it would also be nice to come across the Inner Realm and Transient Vessel Scripture as well.' Similar to the Outer Realm Scripture, the Inner Realm Scripture and Transient Vessel Scripture were skills that were split into multiple volumes. However, unlike the Outer Realm Scripture, the Inner Realm Scripture focused on magical stats, while the Transient Vessel Scripture contained an active skill that even Valyr was incredibly jealous of. Cloning. 'If my memory serves me correctly, one player would eventually collect all three and use it to become one of the first titled rankers of Greater Beyond.' Seeing that there were a couple people trying their luck as they made a counteroffer, Valyr flashed a light smile as he gave a counteroffer of his own, certain that only he would be able to use it to its maximum potential. 'Then again, the Thousand Body Emperor doesn't appear until the second version of Greater Beyond arrives… or was it the third?' Continuing to briefly reminisce about the past revolving around the various scriptures, the young man had eventually obtained the Outer Realm Scripture for himself, paying a price that was only 10 platinum coins higher than the starting price. Chapter 534: Hearts Of Magic And Might "So, why did you decide to bid on the item all of a sudden?" As Sirius inwardly let out a long sigh of relief as he moved the audience to the next item, Julian looked at the young man beside him, whose faces was currently all smiles. innead.co "Just a hunch," replied the young man, prompting Julian to raise his eyebrow in curiosity as he wanted to know what Valyr meant by that. Though, as the latter refused to say anything else about the book, he was left with no choice but to bury the curiosity deep within as he shifted his thoughts towards the remaining items of the auction. "There's only a few items left before the auction is over," said Julian, piquing Valyr's interest as the latter looked back at him with curiosity. "Though all of them are incredibly useful in their right, there's probably one item among them that would be the most useful to you." "How do you know that?" asked Valyr in response, slightly tilting his head in curiosity as he waited for the man to respond. "Well, I did organize the entire auction, after all." Responding to Valyr's question, Julian let out a bit of loud laughter, only for a satisfied smile to appear on his face soon after. "With how I had to use a considerable portion of my favors and connections, I pretty much know everything that would be sold in the auction's second half." "The only exception to that would be the book you won the bid on," added the man. "It's probably something the auction house recently got their hands on and decided to sell as soon as possible after realizing it won't be profitable." 'I'm sure glad they thought of it that way.' Listening to Julian's words, a proud smile briefly appeared on Valyr's face before continuing to listen to the man beside him. "In any case, the last item Sirius will showcase is something you definitely have to get your hands on," said Julian, leaving Valyr no choice but to nod as he wondered what kind of item it was for the man beside him to be so adamant in him getting it. Then again, once he found out what kind of item it was, even he was left at a loss for words. "I'm not certain whether that item is a fruit or a pill exactly, but what I am certain about is the fact that it looks like a golden orb," Julian told Valyr with a solemn expression, indirectly telling the latter to keep what Julian was saying to himself. "However, what's truly amazing about it is its effects." "What are its effects?" "A 50 point boost to all stats." Hearing these words, Valyr took in a deep breath of cold air, his eyes wide open as he was not expecting to hear something like that from Julian at all. After all, how much was 50 points in each stat? To a Rank 5 class holder, a 50 point increase in every stat did not seem like much, but for someone like him, who was at the peak of Rank 2, a 50 point boost was still substantial. Of course, such an increase in stats was even more prominent for those at Rank 1, allowing them to become sovereigns of the class rank even with a Common grade class. "Do you perhaps know who gave such an item to the auction house?" After getting over the initial shock of what the item was capable of, Valyr went ahead and asked Julian for more information regarding the item, causing a slightly wry smile to appear on the latter's face as he nodded. "To be honest, I wasn't expecting her to offer such an item up for auction, especially with how our interaction back during the forging duel was not that long," said Julian in response. At those words, the young man went silent, the gears in his mind turning as he eventually deduced which person the man was talking about. Plus, as if he was waiting for the young man to deduce the identity of the other person he was talking about, Julian looked at him and nodded once more as he opened his mouth. "That person is none other than the Imperial Alchemist of the Meltierre Empire, Mystia Aschel." 'Her, huh…' Though he was quite thankful for the woman for giving him aid in the incident regarding the Basic Reinforcement Elixirs, he didn't really have any other opinion about the woman, aside from the feeling that she was probably keeping an eye on him. Of course, Valyr wasn't sure if this feeling of his was true or not, relying on his gut instinct for the most part. Then again, with how the two had encountered each other after the forging duel was over, and how the woman had given an item away in an auction that included his item, the young man felt like she had intentionally given up an item for him to use, even though the reason behind it was still something unknown to him. Deciding not to think about it any further, the young man shifted his attention onto the stage, only to see Sirius standing in the middle of what seemed to be two giant hearts. "Unlike the item I've showcased before, these next two items will definitely pique your interest." Taking a deep breath, Sirius introduced the items on both of his sides with great fervor, hoping that the audience would be influenced by his energy. "To your left is a heart that, when consumed, allows one's mana to be compressed." Gesturing towards the large blue heart to his left that was crystal-like in appearance, the man did not hesitate to go all out in sharing information regarding the item, which successfully piqued the interest of quite a few people in the audience. "With compressed mana, the amount of mana you would need to cast a skill reduces, while the effects of that skill increases in duration as well." "Aside from that, this heart also greatly increases the maximum amount of mana you could store in your body at one time," he added, the amount of which greatly piquing everyone's interest. "From what the appraisers have deduced, your maximum MP would increase by 20% after consuming it." "On the other hand, the heart to your right greatly increases one's HP stat when consumed." After he was done introducing everyone to the blue heart, he then shifted everyone's attention to the large red-orange heart that still looked to be beating. "Though it does not improve the quality of your vitality in any way, consuming the heart does give you the passive skill [Greater Innate Regeneration], making it a perfect choice for tank and defender-type classes to obtain." "What are these hearts called?" With his explanation on the items now over, one of the people in the audience decided to ask a question that everyone seemed to want to know, eliciting a chuckle to escape Sirius' mouth as he nodded. "I'm glad you asked," replied Sirius with a smile. "Well, their original names are incredibly long, so the Leio Auction House instead calls it…" "The Hearts of Magic and Might." Chapter 535: A Last Minute Addition "Then again, their names aren't that long, but you know how the auction house has to keep track of multiple items at once." Saying these words, Sirius let out a soft chuckle. "Anyways, the one that boosts mana is actually called the Core of the Arcane Beast, while the one that boosts health is called the Heart of the Tenacious Titan." "With that, let us open the bidding for these items, shall we?" With the curiosity of the audience piqued, Sirius shifted their attention towards the item that compressed and boosted one's capability towards mana. "For this blue heart right there, the bidding price starts at 10 platinum cards. Any bid after that must be higher than the previous by at least one platinum card." "15 platinum cards!" Unsurprisingly, with Sirius giving everyone the go signal to start bidding on the item, a few among the audience instantly placed their bids, all of them emanating an aura that gave off the feeling that they were one with mana. With that, quite a considerable portion of the audience decided not to bid on it, either due to the fact that they did not have enough liquidated funds to bid on the item, or the fact that they did not want to antagonize these people. After all, aside from the mana-filled aura they emanated, their aura also reminded everyone that the ones were bidding were at the peak of Rank 4 at the very least, seemingly having grasped a greater understanding of the world on top of that. "How high do you think these final bids would reach?" Knowing that joining in on the bid would be a losing game for him, Valyr decided to watch the entire situation unfold from the point of a bystander, even though obtaining one of the items would undoubtedly boost his strength indirectly. "It wouldn't be surprising for the hearts to reach 50 platinum cards at the very least." Seeing that Valyr had no inclination to bid on the items, Julian inwardly let out a faint sigh as he responded to the young man's question. "Look at the ones bidding. The weakest among them is already at the peak of Rank 4. He even comprehended his own Intent." "Do you think the final price might reach 100 platinum cards?" asked Valyr in response as he nodded at the man's words. Even without utilizing any of his identification skills, Valyr could feel the slightly intimidating aura coming from the bidders, a great portion of which already had the strength of those at Rank 5. nnea.cm "Possibly." As Julian said these words, one of the bidders had offered to pay 60 platinum cards on the blue heart, surpassing the man's initial prediction. Fortunately, after that bidder had placed his offer, a considerable portion of those initially bidding on the item had stopped, with only the few that still have a lot of funds within them continuing to increase the price even higher. In the end, a woman at the early stages of Rank 5 was the eventual winner of the blue heart, obtaining it for a total of 99 platinum cards, only being one card shy away from the triple digit number. "With the blue heart being sold, let us move onto the beating heart that still remains." As everyone gave a small round of applause for the woman that had acquired the item, Sirius prompted everyone to focus their attention on the red-orange heart to his left. At first, the audience thought that the red-orange heart might possibly obtain a significantly high price like the blue heart from earlier. Perhaps, the final price might even be lower since HP could be increased through multiple methods. However, before opening the bid, Sirius had dropped a statement on everyone that exploded in their minds like a massive bomb. "Before I open the bid for this item, I must also mention that the appraisers have figured out that the heart also increases one's lifespan when consumed. If I remember correctly, around 20 years or so?" With that, it was no surprise that a great number of people placed their offers on the item once the bidding process had begun, with the price swiftly rocketing to a hundred platinum cards within a few minutes. Then, after reaching the triple digits, the momentum gradually decreased, with the item eventually being sold to an old man seemingly on the brink of death for 350 platinum cards. "Huh. Who knew that the effect of increasing one's lifespan was enough to entice everyone to bid on it." Though the fact that the heart could also increase one's lifespan surprised Valyr, he did not really have a great need for the item aside from its property to increase his HP. After all, even if he were to do nothing for the rest of his life, he could still live comfortably for close to 200 years, much more if he were to ascend to higher ranks. "Wait… now that I think about it, why are people going crazy for such an item? Doesn't one's lifespan increase whenever one ascends?" As the thought popped up in his mind, Valyr decided to ask Julian for more insight. "That is indeed the case." Julian nodded. "However, there are times where people lack the strength to keep up with monsters of the same level, basically reducing their rate of gaining XP to next to nothing." "There are also people who wholeheartedly focus themselves towards production classes, making it difficult for them to fight with monsters due to their stats and skills being more in line for production rather than combat," continued Julian. "Because of that, items that increase one's lifespan are a highly sought after item, even though such a thing should be quite simple to resolve." "Well, there's also the fact that human greed knows no bounds." At these words, Julian shrugged his shoulders. "Perhaps that person has sufficient strength to ascend through the ranks, yet still wants to live longer. Thus, they would seek out such items." "I see… that makes sense." Nodding in understanding as he organized his thoughts towards the matter, Valyr eventually returned his attention towards the stage, seeing that two more items had been placed beside Sirius. Chapter 536: The Blade And The Fruit "Just so everyone knows, there are only three items left before this auction ends." With everyone's attention focused towards the two items he had the others put on stage, Sirius went ahead and gave everyone a reminder. "The two items beside me are part of those three items, with the last item being something everyone will surely want to get their hands on." "In any case, let me explain what kind of items these are." Saying these words, Sirius made his way to one of the items, which was an exquisite-looking blade that gave off a feeling of warmth and coldness at the same time. With its handle and hilt having small details to it that would allow the wielder to grip onto the blade properly, the blade itself was slightly curved, resembling a katana in shape. Taking in a deep breath, Sirius grabbed the katana firmly with both hands before moving towards a part of the stage that was not obstructed by the other item. Then, with a loud exhale, the man raised the katana above his head before swinging it down with all its might, causing a blade of energy to appear and collide with one of the walls, the energy making it appearing to be a faint red. Raising the katana above his head once more, Sirius slightly changed his grip on the katana, giving everyone the feeling that he would be piercing with the katana instead of slashing down. Unsurprisingly, everyone's feeling was correct, with the man dashing forward as the blade was covered in a chilling energy for a brief moment, causing everyone at the front of the auction house to slightly shudder from the sheer coldness they felt. "The name the maker gave this blade is Heaven and Hell." Finished with his short exhibition of the katana's capabilities, Sirius returned the blade to where it placed before proceeding to go over through its description with the audience. "As the name suggests, the blade taps into the energy of the highest of heavens, as well as the deepest of hells." "Of course, that was the maker's intention in creating it, having the cold energy represent the concept of heaven, while the hot energy would represent the concept of hell. To those that have an affinity towards the Fire and Frost element, this blade would be a great match with you, though similar affinities to the elements I mentioned would benefit from such a blade as well." "Being a blade with a rarity of Epic+ grade, it has a total of three innate skills, with the first two being active skills one could use during in combat," said Sirius. Then, with a slight grin, he continued, "As for the final innate skill, though it is also considered an active skill, it would probably be better to say that it's an ultimate skill rather than an active one." Of course, as the man uttered these words, quite a few raised their eyebrows in curiosity, wondering what Sirius meant by that. In response, the man in question decided to pick up the blade once more, closing his eyes as a terrifying energy briefly shrouded the blade, dyeing the blade a dark gray for a brief moment. Whoosh! "Though I have not released the entirety of the skill in question, that is what the third and final innate skill is capable of." Placing back the blade one last time, Sirius inwardly smiled when he noticed that he had successfully piqued the attention of the audience. "Combining cold and hot energy together to create an energy so destructive… a skill like that could only be considered an ultimate skill, no?" Seeing around half of the audience nod in response to his question, a smile appeared on the man's face as he decided to save the second item for after he had finished selling off the blade. "Alright, then! With that, let us open the bid for Heaven and Hell." "The initial bidding price for this is 5 platinum cards. Any bid after must be higher than the previous by at least 50 platinum coins." "7 platinum cards!" Though quite a decent number of people in the audience had bid on the item, the amount of excitement the people had towards the item could not compare to the excitement everyone felt when Valyr's spear was revealed. Sure, the blade had an innate skill that could be considered an ultimate skill in its own right, but Valyr's spear had something that possibly no other weapon could imitate, which was the fact that the weapon's
