Chapter 301: The Level Beyond Shadows "Shadow Serpentine Lancer…" As he repeated the name of the subclass Noel had mentioned, Valyr inwardly let out a low sigh in his mind, a hint of disappointment briefly showing on his face. Though such an outcome was already within his expectations, considering that there were rare subclasses like the one he wanted that could also be obtained first by NPCs, hearing the subclass he least wanted from the man that was going to give him the subclass he truly wanted still left a bitter taste in his mouth. 'At the very least, it's still better than just getting Serpentine Lancer again.' Nevertheless, although he was disappointed by the fact that Noel only offered him to become a Shadow Serpentine Lancer, obtaining it was his bottom line. 'Aside from the fact that it's considered a Rare grade subclass, it also gives me access to the Shadow Energy Noel mentioned earlier. That alone makes this worth the while.' However, just as he had internally accepted the fact that his subclass would be that of a Shadow Serpentine Lancer for the foreseeable future, a spark of hope was soon ignited by Noel's next few words, prompting Valyr to think that not all hope was lost yet. "Of course, being a Shadow Serpentine Lancer is only the start for you," said Noel to him. "With the ability you've shown me earlier, I am certain that you'd be able to go beyond the limits of a simple Shadow Serpentine Lancer, reaching the level I've attained without much of a problem." "Perhaps surpassing me isn't out of the realm of possibility either." Finishing his statement with these words, Noel looked at Valyr, whose eagerness to accept the subclass he was offering him had increased by at least tenfold just from the words he had uttered. Taking note of this eagerness, he nudged Arves, who was still in a daze, on the shoulder, causing the latter to return to reality as he asked the old man if he could help out in anything. Though, instead of obtaining an order from Noel that he could not refuse, Arves instead received something that resembled more of a request from the man, with the former pointing at Valyr as he told him, "I'll be taking care of Ylvar here from now onwards, alright? Of course, you're always free to say no." Taking into consideration that he was talking to one of the most important personages within the Spearman Guild, Arves knew that it would be incredibly stupid of him to reject as a slight frown appeared on his face. "I have no problems with that, however…" "However?" Noel raised his eyebrow in curiosity, wondering what was stopping Arves from giving Valyr to him. "What should I say if one of the attendants asks me about the progress regarding his request?" As this question came out of Arves' mouth, he pointed towards Valyr, which made Noel stand in place for a while, rubbing his chin as he pondered over the question in silence. "I hadn't really taken that into consideration," muttered Noel to himself before eventually coming up with an answer. Looking at Arves, he then told him, "Alright. If they ask you where Ylvar is and how much progress you two have achieved in his request, just tell them that I decided to take over the man's request. You don't have to worry about anything else after that." "A-alright." Left with no choice but to agree to Noel's request, Arves could only nod in response as Noel left the room with Valyr in tow, a wide grin adorning his face as the two of them eventually left Arves in his own devices. Surprisingly, it was only a couple minutes after Noel and Valyr had left the room did the situation finally sink into Arves' mind, causing him to take a deep breath as he wondered if what he had seen and heard earlier was real or not. After all, the First Elder, who was known for being stubborn and didn't take no for an answer, had gone out of his way to accommodate a person that, from his perspective, had a flashy spear skill involving shadows. "Then again, he did say that if we were to come across someone with a spear skill that involved shadows, we were to contact him as soon as possible," Arves soon muttered to himself as he went over the entire situation, wondering what Ylvar had that made Noel undergo a drastic shift in personality. Going through the various topics both Noel and Valyr had discussed earlier within his presence, Arves eventually stopped his train of thought on the name of the subclass both Noel and Valyr focused on. "Shadow Serpentine Lancer… Shadow Serpentine Lancer…" "Why do I feel like I've heard that before?" As this question surfaced in Arves' mind, a thought soon appeared within his mind not long after, causing his eyes to widen in realization as he let out a loud gasp. "Wait a minute… isn't Shadow Serpentine Lancer Elder Noel's old subclass?" "Then does that mean…" With everything finally clicking in place in his mind, Arves took in a deep breath before letting out a bitter chuckle, which was soon followed up with a sigh. Sometime later, he decided to head out of the room, but not before muttering a few words to himself before leaving. "I should really stop myself from meddling in matters like these." … "Where are we heading?" As Valyr followed Noel in front of him while they made their way through the various corridors of the guild, a question eventually escaped the former's mouth, prompting the latter to answer as they continued to move. "Training ground." Coincidentally, just as these words had come out of Noel's mouth, the man decided to stop all of a sudden, causing Valyr to stop in his tracks as well. Just as he was about to ask Noel what the two of them were waiting for, a man wearing a uniform had appeared in front of them, the emblem of the Spearman Guild emblazoned on the right side of the man's shirt. "Which training grounds don't have people in them at the moment?" asked Noel, to which the man went silent for a bit before opening his mouth. "The second and fifth training ground, First Elder." "Alright." Noel nodded before deciding to continue walking, with Valyr following behind him. "Tell the others that I'll be occupying the second training ground for now. Make sure that no one heads there without my permission." "Understood, First Elder." Nodding back in response, the man politely bowed towards Noel before eventually disappearing from Valyr's field of vision, prompting him to ask Noel yet another question. "Why are we heading to a training ground?" "Good question." Noel faintly smiled. "Hmm… let me put it this way." "The reason we're heading to a training ground is so that I can show you…" "The level beyond shadows." Chapter 302: Dark Night, Endless Night "Here we are." After Noel told Valyr that he was going show the latter the level that existed beyond shadows, he remained silent all throughout the remainder of their journey to the training ground, even though Valyr was immensely curious as to what Noel meant by he said earlier. Nevertheless, Valyr was eventually left with no choice but to suppress his curiosity for the meantime as the two eventually arrived at the place Noel had reserved earlier, a training ground which spanned an area that even his decently high PER stat could barely see the ends of. Taking in a breath of the fresh air within the training ground he had reserved for the occasion, Noel picked up a spear from the rack of weapons located near the training ground's entrance before making his way deeper into the area. In response, Valyr stood in place for a while, wondering for a bit as to what Noel was planning to do, only for him to be told by the latter to follow him as the two of them made their way to the center. "Is there a specific reason why we're at the center of the training ground?" Now at the center, Valyr looked at the old man beside him before asking the question that popped into his mind during the trek to where they currently were. "But of course." Looking back at Valyr while letting out a faint sigh, Noel briefly gazed at the young man in front of him before nodding. "Every action I make has a reason behind it, after all." "In any case, the reason why we're here is I want you to show me all of the moves you've unlocked in [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] so far," said Noel not long after. "Of course, I haven't forgotten you telling me earlier that you also have [Shadow Serpent Movement Style], but we'll focus on the combat aspect for now." "Anyways, don't hold back." After saying these words to Valyr, Noel took a few steps backward before slightly bending his knees. Then, before Valyr could wonder to himself what Noel was doing, the latter had exerted the entirety of his strength through his legs, distancing himself from the young man to the point Valyr could only barely make out the old man's silhouette from the distance. However, aside from being left in a dazed state from the sudden move Noel had pulled off, what astonished Valyr more was the fact that the old man still had that much strength within him, prompting him to return to one of his earlier thoughts that he would undoubtedly lose if he fought against him. 'On second thought, I won't just lose if I fight against him...' 'I'd probably die if I did.' 'Thank the heavens he doesn't have a bad impression of me... yet." Muttering a few mocking words to himself as he let out a soft chuckle, Valyr took out his spear from his back before taking in a few deep breaths to compose himself. Then, focusing a great amount of his attention towards the movements he was about to execute, Valyr went ahead and proceeded to begin showing the skills he had unlocked through [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] by going through the basic spear movements, generating momentum through them in order for the skills of focus to have greater force in them. "I'm surprised my eyes still haven't failed me." While Valyr was in the midst of going through the basic spear movements, Noel watched everything unfold from afar as he let out a bit of laughter, using the spear he had grabbed earlier as a cane of sorts. "With such a foundation like that, if he wasn't limited by his current rank, his proficiency with the spear would be gauged at Elite level at the very least, perhaps even Expert level." "Now... I wonder how his proficiency with [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] stacks up to his foundation." With the thought in mind, Noel continued to watch Valyr go through the movements, a faint smile eventually creeping up onto his lips as he felt a familiar sensation emanate from Valyr. "[Offense Aura]." Feeling like he had generated enough momentum, Valyr went ahead and activated what he considered to be one of his bread and butter skills in offense, deciding to leave his strongest buffing skill for the last technique. With the skill now activated, he then spun around in place, conserving all of the momentum he had generated before transferring all of it towards his spear, swinging it in a forwards arc not long after. "[Shadow Serpent Style]." "[Descending Shadow Maw]." Bang! Now used to the sensation of connecting with the source of energy he now knew as Shadow Energy, Valyr's spear unsurprisingly hit the ground with great force, leaving a small yet deep crater on the tough training ground. Admiring the aftermath of his attack for a brief moment, Valyr capitalized on the momentum he had generated from the attack, moving his spear in a manner that reduced the loss of momentum to its momentum before proceeding to thrust his spear out with all of the strength in his body. "[Shadow Serpent Style]." "[Strike of the Venomous Night]." Bang! Rumble... In less than an instant, a dark wave of energy swiftly radiated from Valyr's spear tip, causing the ground to quake as all of the energy from the attack was left with no choice but to transmit most of its energy towards it. Of course, now that he had used the skill twice, Valyr was certain that if this attack landed on his opponent, he was certain that the latter would receive a grievous injury at the very least, if not death. "Haah..." With his spear still extended outward, Valyr took in a deep breath before bending his knees to get into a stabler stance, activating [Limit Break] in the meantime in preparation for what was the final technique he had unlocked in [Shadow Serpent Combat Style]. What was previously known as [Tyrannous Bite], which was an attack that made everything within a certain radius from the spear tip disappear from sight, Valyr activated the final skill as he tightly gripped onto his spear before swinging it upward with as much as speed as possible. "[Shadow Serpent Style]." "[Tide of the Dark Night]." Whoosh! At the very instant Valyr started to swing his spear upwards, dark energy started to pile up in front of Valyr before being sent out as a large wave, prompting Valyr to think that the attack looked quite similar to a tsunami, with its pitch-black color being the only thing stopping him from thinking it was an actual tsunami. "Scary..." Watching the wave of dark energy move through the training ground at great speeds, Valyr was left at a loss for words as he noticed that the ground the wave of energy had made contact with was significantly darker than the ground surrounding it, causing him to slightly shudder as he watched the tsunami eventually disappear around 10 seconds later. With Valyr now done showing Noel all of the skills he had unlocked from [Shadow Serpent Combat Style], he then looked in the old man's direction, wondering if what he was going to do next had something to do with the level beyond shadows. "I must say... you have superb control over your skills." Around a minute after Valyr had unleashed [Tide of the Dark Night], Noel's voice reverberated throughout the training ground with great clarity, prompting Valyr to think that the old man had infused his voice with mana. "Now, how about I show you one of those skills..." "But under the hands of someone greater than a Shadow Serpentine Lancer?" Whoosh! "[Abyssal Serpent Style]." "[Tide of the Endless Night]." Chapter 303: The Shadow, The Void, And The Abyss Whoosh! Although Noel had swung his spear upwards in a similar fashion to Valyr, perhaps even a bit sloppier than the latter, the wave of dark energy that had been generated by the movement was at least five times as large than the one Valyr had generated with his skill. Aside from that, as the wave continued to move, it continued to grow larger, at some point covering at least a third of Valyr's field of vision. With that, it was no surprise that Valyr felt a great amount of dread once he realized that the large wave Noel had sent out was heading in his direction, the wave emanating the feeling that it devoured everything that came across its path and assimilated it with the darkness. Fortunately, just as the large wave was only around 50 meters away from where Valyr stood, the wave of dark energy quickly dissipated into thin air, prompting him to wonder if the hundred meter tall waves of dark energy had almost come close to enveloping him in the first place. Aside from that, just like how the wave he had generated through [Tide of the Dark Night] had left a trail of darkened ground wherever the wave went, the wave Noel sent out had darkened the ground that it traversed as well. However, unlike the darkened ground Valyr obtained from his wave, the resulting ground from Noel's skill was pitch-black, making it seem that the ground that separated him from Noel was instead a vast expanse of pure nothingness. Nevertheless, after seeing Noel unleash more or less the same skill he had in action, the level of eagerness Valyr had towards obtaining the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass had gone way past its peak. At the same time, his curiosity towards the level that existed beyond Shadow Serpentine Lancer had reached its peak as well, with the only clue he could go off on was the name of the combat style Noel had used before unleashing the same skill. "[Abyssal Serpent Style]…" Valyr muttered to himself, pondering over what rarity such a subclass would be at to give such a skill that sounded overbearing. "Surely such a subclass wouldn't just be Epic grade, right?" "So, what do you think?" However, before he could obtain some sort of conclusion to his query, Noel had appeared before him, asking him a question with a proud smirk on his face. Though a slight frown briefly appeared on Valyr's face since he was interrupted, this frown quickly disappeared as he recalled the sight Noel had shown him earlier. Of course, the first thought that came to his mind was that the power Noel had unleashed was incredibly overbearing, feeling as if the wave of dark energy he had seen earlier was the harbinger of death. With that, the way Valyr looked at Noel had changed slightly, thinking of the old man before him as the definition of a one-man army. However, as he continued thinking about how destructive and powerful the skill Noel had unleashed earlier was, a question eventually popped up in Valyr's mind, causing him to look at the man in front of him before asking, "How could you unleash so much power even though you're so old?" "Hey!" Unsurprisingly, Noel smacked Valyr at the back of his head, making the latter feel as if he would go unconscious at any moment from the strength behind it. Thankfully, that feeling quickly disappeared, forcing Valyr to instead endure the pain from the smack as Noel looked at him with a slight frown. "How rude," Noel said at the very moment Valyr looked back at him. "I might look old, but I'm only 82 years old, you know?" 'Isn't that already old, though?' thought Valyr to himself, wondering if it was wrong for him to call the man old in the first place. Fortunately, Noel's next words gave him the answer to that question. "Sure, being 82 might sound old to you, but I still have over 300 years left, you know?" said Noel not long after. "If anything, I'm still at the prime of my life." "Is that so…" At first, Valyr found it odd for Noel to mention that he still had over 300 years left to live on the planet, only to recall the conversation he had back then with Riekan, recalling that the man had already lived for over 300 years. With that, he made a mental note to head to the city's library sometime in the future to find out how one could extend their lifespan. After all, even he wanted to live longer. "Anyways, we've gotten off track. What do you think of the skill I unleashed earlier?" After a bit of silence between the two, Noel asked the question once more, clarifying what he meant this time. In response, Valyr told him that he had never seen such a destructive skill before, making the man before let out a brief cackle in agreement. "You're definitely right in that regard." Noel looked at Valyr with a smile. "In fact, the current subclass I have is considered one of the top subclasses in terms of how destructive the skills are." "Of course, the strength one gains from it is nothing to scoff at either," he continued, the smile on his face turning into a smirk. "In fact, if you became a Shadow Serpentine Lancer at this moment, that last skill you unleashed earlier would instantly become at least twice as powerful." "Then again, as I've said earlier, becoming a Shadow Serpentine Lancer is only the beginning for you. If you obtain the subclasses beyond Shadow Serpentine Lancer, then even a tenfold increase in your combat power wouldn't be far-fetched." At this point, Valyr was slightly annoyed that Noel still did not mention what the levels above Shadow Serpentine Lancer were. With that, he went ahead and voiced out his slight annoyance as he asked Noel what the levels beyond Shadow Serpentine Lancer were. "I was just about to get to them, actually," replied Noel in response with a chuckle, which only made Valyr more annoyed than before. Nevertheless, the latter suppressed the annoyance he felt once the man before him started explaining. "The Shadow, the Void, and the Abyss. These three things correspond to many things in the path you would take as a future Shadow Serpentine Lancer, but mainly, they refer to the type of energy you wield at that subclass." "The Shadow refers to Shadow Energy, which is the main type of energy used by those with the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass," said Noel with a calm expression. "A tier above would be the Void, which refers to Void Energy. Of course, this type of energy is used by the Void Serpentine Lancer subclass, the level above the Shadow Serpentine Lancer." After saying these words, a light grin appeared on Noel's face. "Of course, there's one more level above that." "And that level corresponds to the Abyss. Abyssal Energy is what an Abyssal Serpentine Lancer would make use of in combat." "And that's the level that I'm currently at." Chapter 304: Taking A Risk "The Shadow, the Void, and the Abyss…" Valyr repeated the phrase Noel had uttered at the beginning of his explanation before going over the various subclasses that the man
