feathers stuck together and had clumped up into a ball. "The Griffin Tempest Orb," muttered Valyr to himself, bringing up memories from his past life regarding the method on how to prepare it for the second step of the forging process. "With how sensitive it is, even the slightest touch from any tool I use would cause it to release a strong gust of wind in my direction." "With that, I have to find a way to dull out its sensitivity first before working on it." Closing his eyes as he contemplated over the method he would use to go about doing so, the young man also thought about the first step of the forging process in detail. Though he said to himself earlier that the first step of the process would be to obtain the purest essence from the four foundational elements and combine it with a couple more materials to complete the second step, what he was actually doing was prepping and priming the materials he had specifically chosen to represent the four foundational elements, allowing them to be at their strongest state before proceeding with the second step. "Hmm… if I remember correctly, smothering it with a lot of mana has a good chance of dulling its sensitivity." Going through a couple of methods that had come to mind, Valyr went ahead and swiftly surrounded the Griffin Tempest Orb with a great amount of mana… only for all of it to dissipate in an instant under a strong yet brief gust from the orb as retaliation. "Wait a second… was the method actually trying to bombard it with mana from all sides instead?" Seeing that his first idea was unsuccessful, the young man swiftly moved onto the other method that came to mind. With that, he expended a great portion of his mana once more, raining down a barrage of mana bolts towards the orb in hopes of being able to prepare it. Unfortunately… Swoosh! Just like the first method, the effort Valyr had put into the second method was swiftly negated as the orb retaliated with a gust of wind that blew in all directions, rendering all of the other methods Valyr recalled that were in same vein useless. "Of course, touching it with a physical object won't work either…" With him not making any headway in progressing through the first step, the gears in Valyr's mind madly turned as he pondered over more possible ways of approaching the Griffin Tempest Orb. "I would assume that touching it with both physical objects and mana at the same time wouldn't work as well…" "…but what if I used Shadow Energy?" Eventually, a radical thought popped up in Valyr's mind, his curiosity towards its feasibility at its peak the very moment it appeared. "Aside from it being a whole different energy from mana, the approach in manipulating it is different as well." "…I guess it won't hurt to try." Deciding to test it out, Valyr summoned the Shadow Energy that was stored in the small black mass near his heart, giving it the permission to course throughout his body as he felt a faint bit of his strength decreasing. Unperturbed by the sudden onset of weakness, he then coaxed the Shadow Energy to appear outside his body before proceeding to head straight towards the Griffin Tempest Orb, blanketing its entire surface. Whoosh! "Huh." Expecting to feel a strong gust of wind blow at him once more, Valyr was left quite surprised when he did not receive any retaliation from the orb at all, prompting him to look at the outcome of his experiment. Rather than a ball of light green feathers appearing on top of the anvil, what the young man saw before him was a pitch-black ball that seemed to absorb all of the light in its surroundings, emitting a nefarious aura that contained traces of death and destruction to it. Scratching the back of his head for a bit from the sheer surprise of how simple the solution was with his current means, Valyr decided not to waste time and used the Shadow Energy to prime the Griffin Tempest Orb for the second step, removing all of the feathers that were on its surface, eventually revealing the pure green core that slumbered within. "With that done, up next is the Infernal Magma Core." Moving the green core to the side for now, placing it within what seemed to be a container specifically made for the core, Valyr soon turned his attention back to the furnace, taking out what looked to be a rough dark sphere that was oozing with lava. "After preparing the Infernal Magma Core, there's still the Azure Halcyon Essence and the Starstrike Terra Crystal." Going through his treasure trove of memories to see if he had any methods to prepare the Infernal Magma Core, Valyr also thought about the two other items he would be working with for the first step, keeping them in the back of his mind at all times. "Hmm… though I don't seem to recall any specific methods to refine this material, it really wouldn't be wise of me to use the usual rough-handed methods for Fire-attribute materials, especially if it's something as precious as this." Surprisingly, after rummaging through his memories for quite some time, a dumbstruck expression appeared on Valyr's face, scratching the back of his head as he slightly frowned, wondering whether he should risk wasting the material or not. "Ah, right." Fortunately, it only took a glance to the side for him to scratch out that possibility entirely, noticing that Theraldine was waiting for some of her materials in her furnace to be ready for forging. "Hey, Theraldine. I have a question." Deciding that now was the perfect opportunity, Valyr went ahead and called for the young woman's attention, to which she looked back at him in slight curiosity. "What is it?" asked Theraldine in response. "Do you perhaps know the methods to refine an Infernal Magma Core?" ·?θm "An Infernal Magma Core?" Raising her eyebrow in curiosity at the question, Theraldine looked at what Valyr was doing, only to notice that the young man was in the midst of working with the item he was currently asking about. At first, the thought of giving Valyr false information appeared in her mind, considering that the two were competing to see who among them was the better blacksmith when it came to forging artifact replicas. However, after recalling the rules of the forging duel, as well as the fact that the young man had given her information on forging artifacts even though they had only interacted for a short time, she eventually decided otherwise. "Well… to refine an Infernal Magma Core, you need to smother it with mana, applying pressure on it and compacting the entire thing smaller and smaller until it turns into a pure red crystal." "Is that so? Any tips on how I would go about that?" "If you don't have enough mana control, or if the amount of mana you have is lacking, you could go about compacting the core in sections. Though it would impact the quality of the final product slightly, it would still be a better outcome than the core transforming into dust." "I see. So that's how it is, huh… thanks!" Chapter 467: Bringing Out More Elements 'Huh. To think the method actually isn't any different from the other methods I recall for Fire-attribute materials.' Pondering over Theraldine's advice as he looked at the ground for a bit, Valyr eventually flashed a smile at the young woman as he gave her his words of thanks before returning his attention to the rough dark sphere on top of his anvil. "Anyways, I have to make a choice. Either I smother it with mana, or refine it in sections." Briefly surprised by the fact that the anvil had not even melted a bit under the heat being released by the Infernal Magma Core, the young man swiftly returned his train of thought to what was important, deciding to go with the option of covering the entire thing in mana first. Whoosh! "Mn…" Letting out a faint groan as he had a weird sensation that part of the insides felt completely empty, Valyr focused his attention on the mana he had coaxed out of his body, sending thousands upon thousands of points of his precious mana towards the Infernal Magma Core. Fwoosh! Fwoosh! Unexpectedly, enveloping the entire core in mana had worked for the young man, allowing him to shave off a few layers of the core's surface as he felt the heat that the core was exuding faintly increased in temperature. "Well, that was easier than I thought." Muttering these words to himself as he was glad towards his newfound success, Valyr continued to apply more pressure on the Infernal Magma Core through his mana, shaving off more and more of the layers making up the rough dark appearance of the core. In fact, at some point, parts of the rough dark sphere had been completely removed, allowing Valyr to take a look at the condensed lava that slumbered within the core's center. Excited by the sight, the young man exerted a bit more pressure onto the core through the mana he was manipulating, wanting to finish the priming process faster in order to proceed with the two other materials he had to work with for the first step. However, rather than the core cooperating with his actions… Fwoom! Out of nowhere, the condensed lava within the core had retaliated against the mana Valyr had used to envelop the core, burning all of it off into nonexistence. After that, a few bits of lava sputtered out of the area that contained the condensed lava, forming holes into what was considerably tough ground. "I guess I jinxed it." Scratching the back of his head as he looked at the aftermath, while still being surprised that even lava was not enough to deform the anvil he was using, Valyr let out a low sigh while wryly smiling as he thought about the safe method Theraldine had mentioned to him earlier, sitting down on the provided chair for the meantime to recuperate all of the mana he had lost. "Hmm… while I wait for all of my mana to come back, I might as well prime and prep the two other materials first, considering that the two are more mellow in nature compared to the Griffin Tempest Orb and the Infernal Magma Core." Staring at the inside of the furnace for a while as he allowed his body to absorb the ambient mana within the surroundings, Valyr eventually stood up at some point and moved the partly refined Infernal Magma Core back into the furnace with a pair of tongs, saving it for later. After that, he took out the Azure Halcyon Essence and Starstrike Terra Crystal from the furnace, plopping them both on the anvil as he set a timer in his mind as to how much time he had before the Infernal Magma Core would have its properties ruined. "Let's see here…" Rubbing his hands together as his expression turned solemn, Valyr looked at the two items on the anvil before rummaging through his treasure trove of memories in a bid to find the methods needed to refine the two materials into their purest forms. "I'll start with you, then." Fortunately, it only took less than a minute for Valyr to find the refining method for Azure Halcyon Essence, picking up the Starstrike Terra Crystal with the tongs before placing it near the edge of the anvil, reminding himself that both of the materials were still scalding hot after sitting in the furnace for a long time. With that in mind, Valyr took in a deep breath as he manipulated some of the mana he had recovered to head towards his hands, forming a couple of layers of protection over it as he intertwined the layers of mana together. Then, after making sure that the chances of his hands being burned were slim to none, the young man picked up the Azure Halcyon Essence, stared at it directly and… Crash! Forming a stark contrast to its appearance as a ball of hazy blue mist, the Azure Halcyon Essence made a sound similar to what one would hear when glass shards were being broken as Valyr exerted a great amount of its strength in compressing it. Within seconds, most of the hazy blue mist making up the essence had dissipated into thin air, leaving behind a teardrop-shaped gem that contained the purest Water element the young man had seen so far in his current life. "With that done, I only have the Starstrike Terra Crystal and the Infernal Magma Core left." Glancing at the two items that remained hindrances towards his completion of the first step of the forging process, Valyr swiftly moved the Starstrike Terra Crystal back to the center of the anvil, admiring the crystals making up the entire material as they formed a dazzling array of colors under the rays of the sun. Though, not long after… Crash! Similar to the method Valyr had used to refine the Azure Halcyon Essence into the teardrop-shaped gem, the method he had rummaged from his memories regarding the refining method for Starstrike Terra Crystal was of the same vein. However, unlike in the Azure Halcyon Essence, where he used all of his strength in compressing it, he instead pressed down on the crystal with both hands, sending a great mana through his palms as it eventually cracked after being inundated with his mana. Gradually, the vestigial parts of the Starstrike Terra Crystal fell off on their own, leaving a great amount of earth-colored crystals on the ground until a dark gray nugget the size of a single piece of popcorn was the only thing that remained on the anvil. "Three down, then," said Valyr to himself, briefly scratching the back of his head as he placed all of the refined materials into one spot on a nearby table. After making sure that none of them would be tampered with by external forces such as the wind or the weather, Valyr returned his gaze once more towards the partly refined Infernal Magma Core, retrieving it out of the furnace as he plopped it down on the anvil. "Well…" "You're the only material out of the four that I've yet to successfully refine." "Hopefully you cooperate with me this time around." Chapter 468: Primeval Origin Crystal "Phew." Wiping off the sweat from the forehead, Theraldine looked at the item she had forged with a proud smile on her face, placing her forging hammer to the side. Making up the portion of the Infernal Hammer replica that would make contact with the equipment she would forge in the future, the young woman admired the craftsmanship she had put into making the hammer's head, with grooves and veins that glowed between red and orange covering its entire surface. "With the head finally done, I only need to connect the shaft, make sure that there's no problem with the balance of the entire thing, and I'll be finished with forging my emulation of the Infernal Hammer." Deciding to take a bit of rest for the meantime after hammering for who knows how long, Theraldine sat on the chair and pondered over her next few steps, only to wonder how much progress Valyr had made with his own artifact replica. "Huh." Within an instant, a slightly dumbfounded look appeared on the young woman's face, noticing that not even the skeletal structure of the replica the young man wanted to make was anywhere to be found. From her point of view, the only thing Valyr had made so far was a block of metal that seemed to contain unique properties, as well as a couple of refined materials that were attuned to a certain element. "At this point, I seriously wouldn't be surprised if he was trying to create a replica of a magic artifact." Muttering these words to herself, Theraldine thought back to the times where she had to forge weapons that were attuned to magic, recalling that many of them took far more time compared to her forging physical weapons. Seeing that the young man was in the process of whittling down the Infernal Magma Core to its refined form, Theraldine looked at the materials Valyr had made so far one more time before pondering over the possible artifacts he had chosen to replicate. "The four basic elements, and then a unique block of metal… could he be possibly aiming to create the Grand Origin Scepter?" "Considering its difficulty, it's definitely harder to forge a replica of it when compared to something like the Infernal Hammer… unless if he was well-versed in controlling mana." Though a few artifacts had popped up in the young woman's mind, she eventually thought that Valyr was making the Grand Origin Scepter, an artifact well-known for ascending any basic elementalist to the peak of the world with its innate strength. "However, in terms of how strong it is compared to the Infernal Hammer in its field… the Infernal Hammer definitely has it beat." "Well, guess I'll have to wait and see if he does forge it." Feeling that she had recuperated enough energy, Theraldine stood up once more as she prepared her mind for the final step of her forging process. The completion of her replica. … "Agh… I'm finally done with this piece ofcrud." Letting out a groan and a wide sigh of relief simultaneously, Valyr plopped his butt down on the chair as he tossed the item he had put a great amount of time into onto a nearby table, being a small crystal that looked to be far redder than even rubies. "With this, I can finally move onto the second step." Deciding to take some time to rest, Valyr briefly looked at the furnace, whose insides were currently empty, and thought about the mind-numbing and tedious task he had put himself into earlier, which was the refining of the Infernal Magma Core. Listening to the advice Theraldine had given him earlier, Valyr went ahead and used his mana to refine the core in sections, removing the outer layers of the rough dark sphere in a certain spot as the condensed lava that slumbered within was eventually revealed. At first, the young man put in quite a lot of his attention towards making sure that the refinement process was going smoothly, keeping an eye that his mana was all being diverted towards a singular spot. However, after about half an hour or so of fully focusing on the core, he eventually became sick of the task and tried his best to not lose focus. "Well, if it's any consolation, I'm getting closer and closer to getting my hands of a replica of the Hammer of Primeval Origins." Letting out a faint sigh that contained hints of regret, Valyr psyched himself for the two remaining steps of the forging process, turning his head to take a look and see if a portion of the audience that surrounded them earlier had left by this point. Unsurprisingly, with how much time the two had taken to forge their respective crafts, a considerable portion of the audience that was clueless as to what the two were doing had left the Blacksmith Guild's main hall and went off to do their own things. As for those that remained, even as the two were about an hour and a half from approaching sunset and still not being finished with their work, most of them were blacksmiths either affiliated or not affiliated with the Blacksmith Guild, all of them intently watching the two complete their respective artifact replicas. "Alright, time to get a move on. The hammer won't finish by itself." Feeling that he had regained enough energy to move about after resting for a few minutes, Valyr stood up from the chair and proceeded to chuck in around three-fourths of the remaining materials from the list of materials he had requested into the forge, stoking the flames not long after. "Fortunately, unlike the first step and the third step, the second step is incredibly simple to do so," muttered Valyr to himself, going over the second step's process as he kept an eye on the things inside the forge. "As long as the materials are sufficiently melted to flow like liquid, I'll be able to complete the second step easily." With how the first step consisted of him preparing the elements in their purest form, the second step acted as a sort of continuation, wherein he would refine the elements even further while connecting them to one another by using materials that contained properties of two elements at once. Then, once all of the elements were sufficiently connected, he would then encapsulate the entire thing in a material that would allow him to harness the energy of any of the elements at any time, creating a crystal that would power the entire forging hammer once everything was complete. With it being the most distinctive feature of the Hammer of Primeval Origins Theraldine used to wield in his past life, Valyr could still remember the name many players and NPCs had given it, as well as the saying that came along with it. "The crystal that started it all… the crystal that brought forth the eternal rise of the Goddess of the Forge." said Valyr to himself. "The Primeval Origin Crystal." Chapter 469: Piecing It Together "Alright. Looks like all of them are ready." After keeping an eye on the furnace for about half an hour or so, maintaining a consistent temperature within it all throughout, Valyr took a look at the materials he had chucked into the furnace sometime earlier, only to see that all of them had finally reached their molten states. "Let me just set up everything first." Leaving the furnace for the meantime, Valyr grabbed the four items he had refined during the first step and placed them on the anvil in
