"Fortunately for you, I know a couple of high level mages that could help you out with that problem." Hearing these words leave Julian's mouth, Valyr stopped in his tracks for a bit as he looked at the middle-aged man before him as a savior, wondering where such a person like him had been all his life. "I could negotiate with them to get a lower price, but I guess that'll have to wait until you return from the Lesser Meltierre Mountains." "Speaking of which, why that place out of all other places to get Skill Keys?" asked Julian not long after. "You do know we have a dungeon that drops Skill Keys inside the city, right?" "Of course I do." Valyr nodded. "However, the amount of effort to get one Skill Key from the Algerie Catacombs is a lot. After all, you'd have to fight against the dungeon boss to get one, unlike the Lesser Meltierre Mountains, where every monster has a chance of dropping it." "That I cannot refute." dα---na| сom "I do plan on heading there for Epic grade Skill Keys in the future, though. If I remember correctly, the Lesser Meltierre Mountains only has dungeons that can drop Rare grade Skill Keys at most." "Or you could just buy them," said Julian in response. "There's not much demand for Epic grade Skill Keys, considering how the chances of one owning an Epic grade skill in this kingdom, perhaps in the entire empire, is pretty low." "Then again, the Lesser Meltierre Mountains also has a small chance to drop Skill Shards, so I understand why you chose that place." "I'll have to thank you in advance for helping me find a mage that could cast spatial compression magic on my armor, then." Seeing that Julian was done talking about the dungeon he was heading to, Valyr thanked the man for his offer from earlier, which the latter responded with a smile as they eventually arrived at the inn Valyr was staying in. … "Oh, you're finally back." Noticing that the door to the room was being opened, Wells went ahead and greeted Valyr, only to become silent as he looked at the middle-aged man that came along with him. "And that is…?" "Julian Pyrrhia, the Guildmaster of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild." As these words left Valyr's mouth, Wells stood frozen in place as he stared at Julian with his mouth slightly agape, not expecting the person to have such an identity. "Nice to meet you." Deciding to be intentionally oblivious towards the shock Wells felt towards his identity, Julian went ahead and struck up a conversation with Wells as Valyr made his way to his room to grab his armor set. "You're Valyr's friend, right?" "Wells Anadhar…" Wondering if the conversation he was having right now was even real or not, Wells responded to the question nevertheless, causing Julian to let out a chuckle as he gradually made the former more comfortable around his presence. "Now that I think about it, what brings you and uh… Julian here?" After the nervousness he felt from the entire situation gradually disappeared, Wells shifted his gaze to where Valyr was, only to find out that the latter was in the process of wearing his Nascent Wyvern Armor. "We made a quick detour to grab the armor set," said Valyr in response as he appeared in front of Julian, who briefly whistled in admiration at the craftsmanship of the set. "I'll be heading to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains, actually." "Really?" At those words, Wells frowned. "Didn't you just come back from Astarto Village yesterday? And now you're telling me you're going to head to some other faraway place right now?" "You should really take a break, Valyr." Feeling the concern behind Wells' words, an apologetic smile appeared on Valyr's lips, which were hidden underneath the helmet he wore. Nevertheless, he still relayed this emotion he felt through the tone of his voice. "I understand the concern, but I'm trying to prepare as much as possible for the upcoming inheritance." "That doesn't mean you shouldn't take some time off and relax, or at the very least go through your things at a slower pace." Wells let out a sigh as he looked at Valyr. "We still have a long life ahead of us, Valyr. There's no need to rush." 'If only you knew what I was preparing for, Wells.' At those words, Valyr could not stop himself from adorning a bitter smile, thinking about the main reason why he felt a sense of urgency to get stronger. However, he decided not to tell Wells about it, instead keeping it for himself as he replied, "Don't worry. I understand what you mean." "Once I get back from the Lesser Meltierre Mountains, I promise you that I'll take a long break and rest." "I really hope you do, Valyr. You may be a Rank 2 class holder now, but your body still has a limit." "I'll definitely keep that in mind." With that, Valyr bade farewell to Wells as he and Julian left the inn, making their way back to the Blacksmith Guild not long after. "You know, you've got yourself a good friend. Not a lot of people would care for others like that." In the midst of their walk back to the guild, Julian looked at Valyr beside him and talked about Wells. In response to those words, Valyr went silent as a smile crept up on his lips, only for him to nod in agreement soon after. "I really do." "He's a great friend." Chapter 378: To The Other Side "You crafted this armor set yourself, right?" After the two of them were talking for a bit about Wells, Julian shifted their topic to the armor set Valyr was wearing, his admiration at the craftsmanship of the set still at the same level as it was the first time he saw it. "You've used quite the precious materials on it." "I definitely spent a lot of coins to get it to where it is right now," said Valyr in response, a bitter smile appearing on his face as he recalled how much money he only had to his name at the moment. "I think I've spent around 15 platinum coins on it so far? Around 15 to 20 platinum coins." "It ain't much compared to other pieces of equipment I've forged in the past, but it's definitely a lot for someone like you." Slightly surprised at the amount of money Valyr had thrown towards the armor set he wore, Julian went ahead and activated [Analysis] to take a look at its description. "Taking into consideration that kind of budget, your current class, and the general level of craftsmanship one would have at your rank, I'd take a guess that your armor set is probably Uncommo—?!" "Epic?!" Gazing at the screen that had appeared in front of him, Julian was forced to interrupt himself from the sheer amount of shock he felt from reading the four letter word on the rarity portion of the armor set's description. Realizing that he had just blurted out something that shouldn't have been known by others in the first place, the man quickly established a line of communication with Valyr through mana before proceeding to say his next words. "You really crafted an Epic grade armor set?" "Well, the first version of the armor set was actually Uncommon+ grade," said Valyr in response through the line as they continued to walk. "After that, I modified the armor with precious materials, which allowed it to reach the grade it currently has at the moment." "Someone who could craft an Epic grade armor set at Rank 2… I mean, I know it's possible, but still…" Still feeling immense shock over the true value of the armor set Valyr was wearing, Julian continued reading through its description, only for his attention to be piqued by the first innate skill the armor set had. "On top of that, an armor set that would allow a lower-leveled user to equip it…" "If you don't mind me asking, how much experience do you have in forging?" Hearing Julian's question, Valyr pondered over whether he should add in the experience he had accrued back when he was a player in his answer or count the time he had spent forging only after his current life had begun. In the end, he decided to respond with an answer that was a mix of both, telling the man that he had been forging for about three to four years or so. Nevertheless, that amount of time was still more than enough to leave Julian astounded. "Such a short amount of time… on top of that, being able to obtain the best attribute awakenings on all armor pieces and refine every piece about +10…" "A True Prodigious Blacksmith is definitely terrifying." 'You've definitely got that right.' Inwardly chuckling at how true Julian's statement was, the two of them eventually arrived at the guild with half an hour of sunlight left to spare, slightly hastening their pace to arrive at the room where the teleportation constructs were located. … "Welcome to the Teleportation Hall, Guildmaster." At the instant Valyr and Julian arrived at the place where the teleportation constructs, all of the staff inside the room greeted him with a high level of respect, causing the latter to respond back with a firm nod. "How may we help you today?" "I'm here to send this kid to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains." In response to the question, Julian placed his hand firmly on Valyr's shoulder, giving off an aura of confidence as he responded. "You have my permission to authorize such a teleport." "Duly noted, Guildmaster." One of the staff within the room nodded in response to Julian's words as another staff brought out a thin tablet before infusing it with mana. "Would the teleport be one-way or would it be a round trip?" "Of course, it's a round trip." As Julian and the staff continued to talk about the specifics of the teleport, Valyr decided to take the time to take a good look at the room he was in, inwardly being awe at the sheer number of teleportation constructs that were built within the room. On top of that, a large teleportation construct was at the center of all these teleportation constructs, the runes and lines that made up the construct gradually glowing as the staff seemed to be in the process of powering it up with mana. Wondering whether he was going to use the large teleportation construct to head to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains, the conversation between Julian and the stuff was already finished, with the former tossing a token with the crest of the Blacksmith Guild on it to Valyr. "Don't lose this token, you hear me?" reminded Julian. "This token is your only key to return back to this place through a teleportation construct. Of course, all you have to do is just show it to the Blacksmith Guild near the Lesser Meltierre Mountains and they'll take care of the rest." "I'll definitely keep that in mind." Nodding in response, Valyr waited for the large teleportation construct before them to reach its full capacity, only for him to recall that he had actually forgotten a deal he had made with someone before he left for Astarto Village. "What's wrong?" Unexpectedly, Julian sensed the slight panic Valyr was feeling, prompting him to ask the latter this question. "I just remembered that Elder Noel told me that I have three days to respond to a question he asked me a few days ago," said Valyr in response. "It's already been over three days." "Elder Noel?" Julian slightly tilted his head as he pondered over who Valyr was referring to. "Ah. Noel from the Spearman Guild?" "Yeah." "If you want, I could send him a message regarding your whereabouts." Hearing these words leave Julian's mouth, Valyr was reminded of the things the man had already done for him earlier, prompting him to wonder why the man was so kind to him. Nevertheless, he decided to save the question for another time, quickly accepting Julian's request as he apologized to him. "Don't worry about it." Noticing Valyr's apologetic tone, Julian responded back with a hearty chuckle, waving his hand back and forth in nonchalance. "We've known each other for quite some time now, so he'll be able to read the message." "In any case, the teleportation construct is ready." Pointing at the large teleportation construct before them, Julian urged Valyr to step onto the construct, to which the latter did. Standing at the center of the construct, Valyr looked back at Julian before deciding to thank the man for everything he had done for him. In response, Julian gave the young man a toothy grin as he assured him once more that everything would be fine on his end and that he should get as much Skill Keys as possible. "Guess I'll see you in a couple of days from now?" "I'll try my best to get all of the keys I need in one." "Hahaha! You better give me an Uncommon grade Skill Key once you get back, okay?" dα---na| сom "Hahahaha! But of course." "Alright then. See you later." "See you later." Whoosh! Chapter 379: Lesser Meltierre Mountain Outpost As the large teleportation construct in the center of the room activated, a blinding light filled the entirety of the room as Valyr's presence in the room disappeared within seconds. As the light subsided, Julian's gaze remained affixed towards the large teleportation construct, only turning around to leave once the construct had been fully deprived of its energy. "Guildmaster." However, just as he was about to head back to his room in the guild and call it a day, one of the staff called for his name, prompting him to stop in his tracks as he turned his around and raised his eyebrow. Seeing that they had gained Julian's attention, the staff looked back at the large teleportation construct for a bit before looking back at Julian. "Do you happen to know the identity of the person we teleported?" "I do." Julian nodded. "Would it be possible for us to know of their identity?" In response, the staff asked if it was possible for them to find out, to which Julian shook his head. "There's no need for you guys to know their identity," said Julian to them. Then, with a faint smile, he continued, "All you have to know is that you're doing a great service for helping me teleport him." After that, he turned around and bade farewell to the staff before leaving, making his way back to his room. 'After all, he might become the key to end this war against the orcs.' … Whoosh! "Urk…" After a few seconds of feeling like he was zooming through the air at high speeds, Valyr eventually felt the weight of his body return to him in one go, causing him to feel an immense bout of dizziness as he briefly glanced at where he had appeared. Deciding to focus on removing his dizziness for the meantime, he closed his eyes as he allowed the dizziness to subside, only opening them once he was sure the nausea he felt was gone. 'So, I guess I've finally arrived.' Taking a look at his current surroundings, Valyr instantly noticed how he was standing on the only teleportation construct that existed within the room. Aside from that, he took a look at the walls and the floor of the room he was in, taking note that everything in this place seemed to be made out of stone that was roughly sanded down. "Welcome to the Blacksmith Guild, sir." Just as he was about to continue looking at his surroundings for a bit more, he heard a voice in front of him, causing him to look at a young woman eye to eye. "We have been informed of your arrival from the Guildmaster of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild beforehand." "Where am I?" Stepping out of the construct, Valyr took a look outside the windows within the room, taking note of the fact that only a few buildings sparsely scattered throughout the area existed, all of which were connected by a dirt road. With that, he turned his head back to the young woman who greeted him, only to be left at a slight loss for words at the woman's response. "You're currently within the Blacksmith Guild, sir. Specifically, the Lesser Meltierre Mountain Outpost branch of the Blacksmith Guild," said the woman, which prompted a question to pop up in Valyr's mind not long after. 'Didn't the dungeons in the Lesser Meltierre Mountains have a city connected to it? What's an outpost doing here?' As far as he could remember from back when he was a player, the dungeons within the Lesser Meltierre Mountains were connected to a thriving city on the same level as Clossbay, its main source of income being the fact that one would be able to obtain a lot of Skill Keys through its nearby dungeons. In fact, he was certain that there should be a city near the dungeons, considering he had frequented the place during the later stages of Greater Beyond's first version. 'Yet why is there only an outpost here?' Keeping this question to himself, Valyr thanked the woman before leaving the guild, deciding to take a look at the outpost as he continued to ponder over the question. Surprisingly, even though the outpost was not that large, only being around half the size of Astarto Village the first time he got there, most, if not all of the important buildings one would find at a city could be found within the outpost. Of course, the Blacksmith Guild's building was the greatest example of this. Aside from that, even though the roads weren't paved whatsoever, plus the fact that there were not a lot of lights illuminating the dirt streets, a number of people than what should normally be found in an outpost roamed the streets at this moment, even as the sun was in the midst of setting. Naturally, Valyr attributed it to the dungeons that dropped Skill Keys being the reason why there were this many people. eαglesnel After all, what's the point of an outpost if not to protect something precious? 'I guess I have an idea as to why there's only an outpost here.' Heading to the only inn within the outpost, Valyr came to a conclusion with his speculation, feeling like it was the most plausible explanation for the lapse in circumstances using the information he had readily available. 'The war with the orcs must've triggered it.' In his mind, he imagined that the reason why the dungeons were connected to a city back when he was a player was due to the fact that the orcs had become successful in their outbreak, expanding their offensive even further during the beta version. With that, the Meltierre Empire spared no effort into speeding up the strengthening process of the combat force, which prompted them to build a city near the dungeons in order to accommodate more people grinding the Skill Keys. 'Then again, I could be wrong.' As it was just speculation, Valyr did not have much hope that it was indeed the case, shifting his thoughts to getting a room in the inn before eating early dinner. After that, he headed into the room he had gotten to get an early rest, thinking to himself that he would have a long day ahead of him tomorrow. 'Hopefully it doesn't take too long for me to grind the keys I need.' Chapter 380: The Three Entrances As the rays of the sun pierced through the window to Valyr's room, bringing light to it, the young man had a slight frown on his face while he was sleeping, prompting one to wonder what was going on within his mind to warrant such a frown. Fortunately, that frown disappeared once the rays made contact with Valyr's skin, jolting him awake as he felt the heat of the sun on his skin. Letting out a light hiss at how scorchingly hot the sun was at the outpost, Valyr moved to the side of the bed where less sunlight was making contact before staring into nothingness to give his consciousness time to become fully alert. Once done, he went through his usual routine, wearing the Nascent Wyvern Armor over his usual set of clothes before heading to the inn's dining area to get some breakfast. 'There's a lot of people here.' Surprisingly, unlike the previous inns he had been to, the number of people that were in the dining area at the moment seemed more like the number of people he would meet on a day-to-day basis back in the cafeteria at the Astarto Village barracks. With that, he swiftly found a vacant chair to sit on before proceeding to engorge himself in the food he got. 'Pretty sure all of them are here for the dungeons, just like me.' While munching down on his food, Valyr looked at the other people in the dining area, noticing that the weakest person among them had a level of strength that was not lower than the peak of Rank 1. As for the strongest person within the dining area, that title went to a woman that looked to be in her late twenties, her hair a dark shade of burgundy, which formed a contrast to her light blue irises as the aura emanating out of her made even Valyr feel a slight chill. 'Probably Rank 3.' Deciding to mind his own business from that point onward, Valyr swiftly finished the breakfast he had ordered before putting on his helm, leaving the inn not long after while the others who were still eating their food briefly stared at him. While walking through the dirt streets of the outpost that led to the dungeons, Valyr watched as a couple of people set up stalls for the wares
