Tristan stopped in his tracks as he lightly rubbed his face, only to see that his hands had taken on a slight dark gray color after doing so. Sucking in a bit of cold air through his teeth, Tristan took out the cloth he took with him, which he was supposed to use to polish the metal gloves he currently wore from time to time, and used it to wipe off the soot away from his face. In the meantime, Myst had made her way to where Damian and Valyr stood, noticing that the two of them were discussing about something related to the monster tide from what she could hear. Deciding to let them finish their topic, she stood behind them in silence before eventually letting her presence be known to the two, causing them to shift their attention to her as slight smiles appeared on their faces. "Got enough rest, I presume?" Valyr posed the question to Myst, who flashed a bitter smile in response. "Enough rest to not mess up at the very least," said Myst before letting out a wry chuckle. "The journey back here definitely drained a lot more energy out of me than I thought it would. If anything, I want to sleep in bed for a couple more hours, but alas, I am the village's guardian." "And I'm the village's Tidebreaker." Seeing that the young woman before him had referenced the title she had been given, Valyr decided to take the opportunity to reference one of his own titles as well. "But you haven't seen me in the village for the past month or so." "I mean…" Hearing Valyr's words, Myst let out a bit of laughter, with Tristan finally appearing in front of the trio. "You're here to help the village out during its monster tide, so I can say without a doubt that you're following the name of your title pretty well." "I forgot to ask you this when you returned to the village yesterday." Letting out a peal of laughter in response to Myst's words, Valyr shifted the topic to something he thought he should have asked the young woman yesterday. "Since you've gone through the Experience Pit and all that, what level are you currently on at the moment?" "I could only get to Level 25," said Myst in response, a wry smile adorning her face. "I'm still not fully used to the skills the subclass gave me, that's why I could only reach the peak of Rank 1. If I had a bit more time to grind in the Experience Pit, or if I had better control over the skills the subclass gave me, I would definitely be Rank 2 right now." "Anyways, how do you know about the Experience Pit?" Once she was done answering Valyr's question, Myst decided to throw back a question of her own to the man. "Did Damian or Tristan tell you about it?" "Found them myself while I was outside the village, actually." As he responded to the question, a relaxed smile adorned Valyr's face. "Consider my surprise when I found out from the two that you were grinding XP in an Experience Pit." "Well, banter aside, shall we talk about the monster tide that we're up against?" Feeling that they had already spent too much time talking about things that were not related to the monster tide, Valyr went ahead and shifted the topic once more. "While we've been waiting for the two of you to come, the volunteer reconnaissance team has gathered enough information regarding the strength of the various waves making up the monster tide." "We're all ears." Hearing these words come out of Tristan's mouth in response, Myst nodded in agreement as the two waited for either Damian or Valyr to start talking. "The general level of the monsters making up the first wave is Level 10, basically the peak of Rank 0." Nodding back in response to Tristan's words, Valyr proceeded to go over what he, Damian, and the reconnaissance team had collected so far. "There would be no problem for the village to defend against this wave, actually." "Sadly, that's the only wave where there's no problem," said Damian as he continued where Valyr had left off. "The second to fourth wave quickly ramp up in terms of strength, with each wave being made up of monsters five levels higher than the monsters from the wave that came before it." "So, Level 15, Level 20, and Level 25?" Frowning at the information he had heard from the two, Tristan looked at the people that had participated in the monster tide, instantly coming to the conclusion that they would only be able to clear the fourth wave if they were willing to ignore a few casualties. "Is that all of the waves making up the tide?" In response to the question, Damian and Valyr shook their heads as a bitter smile appeared on the latter's face. However, just as Damian was about to tell them the answer… Rumble… "It seems the monster tide has finally sent its first wave out." Letting out a low sigh, Damian quickly turned around to look at the large horde of monsters heading their way, rapidly closing the distance between the two sides in a span of seconds. Infusing mana into his voice, Damian's voice boomed throughout the field, causing everyone to look in the direction of the voice as they followed the orders he gave them. "Men! Get into position!" "Leaders! Deputy leaders! Command your members to get into defensive formation!" "Make sure to stand your ground no matter what!" "Alright." Taking in a deep breath after giving out orders, Damian's voice returned to normal as he let out a soft sigh. Patting Valyr on the shoulder, the man looked at him directly in the eye and said, "I've done everything on my end." "Now give 'em hell." "With pleasure." Grinning in response, Valyr nodded as he looked at the three before nodding once more. Then, bending his knees, he utilized the entirety of his AGI stat as he dashed towards the horde of monsters that were continuing to near the frontlines. Whoosh! Noticing that one of the people participating in the defense against the monster tide had decided to dive in headfirst into the horde out of nowhere, all of their attention was fixated on the young man who decided to move on his own, wondering what was going on in the young man's head for him to make such a rash move. However, it wouldn't be long until they found out that this move… …was not rash at all. "[Limit Break]." "[Offense Aura]." "[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]." … … … "[Shadow Serpent Style]." "[Tide of the Dark Night]." Chapter 342: Clash Of Two Tides Whoosh! In response to him moving his spear in an upward arc, Valyr felt his body connect with another source of energy, an energy that seemed to only carry the intent of destruction and despair within its every strand. Not long after, this energy within him transformed into a dark wave that manifested only a few centimeters away, causing his eyes to open wide as he gazed at what he had just done. "This…" Recalling the previous time he had activated [Tide of the Dark Night], Valyr remembered that the dark wave that had been formed from the activation of the skill was only around a few meters tall, only to dissipate after moving in a singular direction for 10 seconds straight. In contrast, the dark wave that stood before him was close to 10 meters tall, spanning a width that would be more than enough to engulf even a decently sized house whole. If this wave of Shadow Energy in front of him took a similar path to the first time he had activated the skill, Valyr would just chalk it up to the significant increase in his stats and think of the skill as utterly terrifying. However, terrifying was not even enough to describe the scene that he and those at the frontlines were witnessing. If one were to think of a word that would perfectly describe the situation, then that word would ultimately be… Chaos. Rather than take on a straight path like how Valyr would expect [Tide of the Dark Night] to take, the wave of Shadow Energy instead expanded with every monster it engulfed, snowballing in size with every passing second. Because of this sight, all of those at the frontlines watched this scene unfold with their eyes wide and their mouths slack-jawed, utterly speechless as they wondered whether what they were seeing was real. Even Valyr felt a similar sensation to those at the frontlines, wondering if the power he wielded at the moment was truly the root cause of the sight that appeared before him, the ground taking on a black tinge wherever the dark wave moved. At that moment, everyone on the side of the village had turned silent, watching as painful cries resounded throughout the battlefield, coming from the monsters making up the first wave, all of them slowly but surely engulfed by the wave of Shadow Energy. Eventually, at some point, the wave of dark energy Valyr had summoned out of thin air more or less covered over half of the battlefield, with the only way they found out that the wave was still doing its job was through the wails and cries from the monsters they faintly heard from the other side. Naturally, the monsters that were yet to come in contact with the dark wave started to run back to where the main tide was, the fear of death having a greater control over them instead of the order the leader of the tide had given them. Unfortunately, with all of the monsters making up the tide all being Level 10, this action was only delaying the inevitable, with all monsters of the first wave eventually succumbing to the [Tide of the Dark Night] as the latter soon disappeared without a trace. "…" At the moment [Tide of the Dark Night] had disappeared from the sight of both sides, silence completely covered the battlefield, with only the wind blowing throughout the area serving as a faint reminder of time continuing to pass. Nevertheless, both the defending side and the attacking side still stood where they were, their minds replaying the scene that they had just watched unfold earlier. "Holy heck." The first to eventually snap back to reality was the man who had summoned [Tide of the Dark Night] in the first place, letting out a few curses in utter disbelief at what had transpired just a couple minutes earlier. "Holy heck." Taking in a few deep breaths to compose himself, he slowly turned around to make his way back to the frontlines, all of them watching him return as he dashed at the greatest speed his body could muster. While doing so, he commanded the system to bring up his status screen, recalling the amount of damage each monster suffered from the dark wave. "Am I really that powerful?" With the thought of all those monsters basically disintegrating from the 10,000 damage they received from coming in contact with the wave lingering in his mind, Valyr shifted his gaze to the screen that had appeared before him just as he appeared in front of Tristan and the others, only to be left at a loss for words once more at what he saw. Ding! [Valyr Zeihardt] Class: True Prodigious Blacksmith (Rank 2 — Mythic) Subclass: Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer (Uncommon) Species: Human (2nd Unsealing) Level: 33 Power Level: 7,460 (B++) Unused XP: 1,338,600 HP: 9,981/9,981 MP: 6,603/6,603 Attack: 2,060 - 2,157 (2,841 - 2,938) Defense: 2,361 - 3,158 Stats: 364 (392) VIT, 268 (295) STR, 245 (270) AGI, 420 (473) DEX, 249 (285) INT, 100 (112) WIS, 154 (172) PER, 60 LUK (32 unassigned points) Remarks: With all due politeness… what in the actual heck. "What the heck…" inwardly cursed Valyr in great disbelief as he looked at the values that were on his screen. "What in the actual heck…" Though he had already come to terms with how powerful having a Mythic class in the early class ranks were, giving him the ability to fight against Rank 2 class holders and even win while he was still Rank 1, it was only now did the advantage a Mythic class gave to him finally sink in, allowing him to thrash hundreds of beings at a lower class rank with just a single move. Of course, he also took his Epic grade armor set and his subclass into consideration, knowing that they were also key factors that contributed to the power he now had. "Hey, Valyr. You good?" While Valyr was in the midst of calming himself down by taking a few more deep breaths, Tristan came up to him and asked him if he was okay. In response, Valyr nodded only after taking a couple more deep breaths, letting out a long sigh as he closed the screen before him. Seeing that Valyr had returned to them, Damian went ahead and yelled out an order to the other wings making up the village's defense, prompting them to snap out of their shock as they prepared for the following wave. As Damian took a quick look at the side they were fighting against, noticing that they were fortifying the second wave, he looked at Valyr for a bit before deciding to ask him a question. "What was that?" "A skill," Valyr succinctly replied before flashing a bitter smile. "A skill I wasn't expecting to be that strong." "Really?" Tristan raised his eyebrow in slight doubt. "With how confident you made your way to the main part of the battlefield, it looked like you had an idea of what kind of attack you were unleashing." "I did have an idea of what I was doing." Valyr nodded in agreement, the bitter smile on his face still there. "It's just that the attack ended up being far more than what I bargained for." "It would be nice if you could stop bickering for the meantime." At that point, Damian decided to cut their conversation short. "We still have a few more waves to go up against." "We aren't bickering," replied Tristan, to which Valyr briefly shrugged his shoulders. "Anyway." In response, Damian briefly shrugged his shoulders as well, only to turn his attention to Valyr soon after. "With how you were able to fight against the first wave on your own…" "Do you want to take charge of the second wave as well?" "Or do you want to let the others move this time around?" Chapter 343: Blademaster At The Frontlines "I'd suggest you have the others move for this next wave." Surprisingly, it did not take long for Valyr to come up with an answer, lightly scratching the back of his head as he let out an awkward chuckle. "I feel like I've already done more than enough for the defense anyway." "Are you sure?" Damian raised his eyebrow in curiosity. "Using the move you unleashed earlier on this next wave would definitely help speed up the clearing of the monster tide. On top of that, you'd reduce the casualties from this defense if you make a move." "That may be true." Valyr bitterly smiled, only to shift his gaze towards the other people that accompanied them in the defense. "However, I feel like I would be making a mockery of the sacrifice of the people who volunteered to participate in the defense if I were to move once more." "I don't think so." Pondering over Valyr's words in silence, Damian eventually shook his head in response. "Although these people did volunteer to participate in the defense against the monster tide, almost all of these people had joined the defense, confident that they'd be able to survive through the waves the tide would throw at us thanks to their heightened stats." "Only a few of them would be truly willing to lay their lives for the village," said Damian with a faint sigh. "Almost all of them would definitely turn tail and run." "I don't know why you're going about this in a roundabout way, Valyr." Taking a look at the monster tide far into the horizon, Tristan noticed that the number of monsters making up the second wave continued to gradually increase by the second, as if to compensate for how the first wave was decimated by just one person. "You just have to pick one of the two. There's nothing difficult about that, no?" "Unless… that skill you unleashed earlier has a long cooldown?" As this question came out of Tristan's mouth, Damian looked at Tristan for a bit in realization before turning to look back at Valyr, inwardly admonishing himself for forgetting about that fact. However, just as he expected Valyr to tell the two of them that his skill indeed had a long cooldown, what he heard instead was something he was sure to remember. "Not really." Valyr shook his head, commanding the system to bring up the description of [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] in his mind, only to find out that [Tide of the Dark Night] only had a cooldown of about a minute or so. "It only has a cooldown of about a minute. If anything, it's the mana cost that's the problem." "But you can still use the skill, right?" Damian asked in response to Valyr's answer, to which the latter responded with a faint nod. "If that's the case, why do you still want the others to make a move if your skill could make sure there are no casualties?" Tristan asked with a slight frown. "Because we have someone else who's also raring to show everyone how much she's improved." As these words came out of Valyr's mouth, Valyr looked in the direction of a certain person as a smile gradually crept up onto his lips. "Isn't that right, Myst?" "I wouldn't mind if you were to clear the monster tide on your own. It would be for the greater good of the village, after all." With Tristan and Damian looking in the same direction Valyr was looking in, Myst responded to Valyr's words with a shrug of her shoulders. Though, not long after, a faint grin appeared on her face. "Though, I do have to admit that I want to see how much stronger I've become." "As you should." Nodding in agreement with Myst's words, Valyr let out a chuckle. After that, he pondered over a few things for a bit, gazing at the monster tide every once in a while before eventually looking at Damian. "Hmm… how about this?" "For this wave, how about we let Myst move on her own, then have the other people back her up if she's finding difficulty in clearing the wave?" "Of course, with the disparity between their levels, the others would group up before fighting against the monsters," said Valyr as he briefly scratched his head. "Then, if there's still a problem in clearing the second wave, I make a move." "What do you think, Myst?" After Valyr was finished explaining his idea, Damian looked at Myst in front of him, to which the latter briefly frowned before letting out a faint sigh not long after. "Though it feels like you're saying that my combat power wouldn't be enough to clear the second wave, it does kind of put me at ease to know that we won't lose any people from this." As these words came out of Myst's mouth, Valyr wryly smiled in response. "Let's go with that, then." "Alright." Nodding, Damian infused mana into his voice before allowing it to resound throughout the area once more. "Men! Heed my command!" "For this upcoming wave, make sure to be prepared to fight at any moment!" "Group yourselves into teams of four and wait for my signal!" "Sir, yes, sir!" With most of the people responding to Damian's words in unison, the people surrounding Valyr and the others started to get into formation, following the orders Damian had given, with the people making up the other wings of the defense following suit not long after. Rumble… "Here they come!" Coincidentally, the monster tide far into the horizon decided to finally send out their second wave, being made up of monsters at Level 15, with their numbers at least thrice as much as the wave that came before. Seeing this, Damian looked at Myst, who had stepped forward, before giving her a nod. "You've got this." Seeing as Myst was in the process of preparing herself, Valyr decided to give her a few words of encouragement before she moved into the battlefield. In response, Myst looked back and nodded before getting into a battle stance, darting towards the horde of monsters not even an instant later. "Of course, I do." Whoosh! Though she moved at a speed that was considerably slower than what Valyr was able to muster, Myst was still able to cross the gap between the frontlines and the rampaging monsters of the second wave within a few seconds, with the monsters that were near her slightly wary as they recalled the attack that had appeared before. Taking note of this, Myst stopped earlier than she initially planned to, unsheathing the blade on the side of her waist before raising up above her head. Then, not even a second after, a piercing white light covered the entirety of Myst's blade as she imbued more and more mana into it, causing the piercing feeling to grow even more intense. "[Nascent Perennial Blade Intent]." At that moment, all of the monsters that were heading in her direction stopped in their tracks, taking a look to see if they would need to turn tail and run back to the main tide. However, before they could even do so, Myst swiftly slashed out in a wide horizontal arc, causing a wave of piercing white light to cascade over the monsters as they fell to their deaths one by
