listening to multiple voices speaking to him all at once in various languages. Because of this, the voices sounded like a garbled mess to the young man, causing him to understand what they were trying to tell him through what he felt from the voices instead. Within seconds after changing his perspective into the matter, Valyr fell into a trance, allowing him to absorb more and more information from the voices even though he could not understand a single word they spoke. Gradually, a foundation for a unique set of knowledge formed within his mind, which Valyr noted was similar to the magic system the human race used, but still different in a way that it attuned itself to the forces and elements of nature. Something that would make more sense for an elf to have rather than an orc to have. Nevertheless, the voices in his mind eventually died down, allowing Valyr to take a look at what the half-orc had given him by commanding the system to bring up his notification screen. 'A summoning skill.' At the very instant Valyr had read the phrase 'Summoning Arts' attached to the name of the skill, his eyes lit up in excitement, prompting him to bring up the skill's description to get a better idea of how the skill worked, as well as how strong it was when compared to other summoning skills. 'This…' Due to how the skill had something to do with the Sage of Erudition, it did not come as a surprise that Valyr's excitement increased even further once he read what the skill could do. 'If this is what the skill is capable of… I don't really need to head to the Boundless Skill Pavilion anymore.' 'Then again, it wouldn't hurt to pick at least one up as a reference skill.' Once he was done reading through the description of his newly obtained skill, Valyr took in a few deep breaths to calm his emotions down, closing the screen in front of him before letting out a faint sigh of satisfaction. "Though I am uncertain whether I would be able to use this aid you've given me to the fullest, I sincerely appreciate the generosity." Looking at An'xhur, Valyr flashed a grateful smile to the half-orc before giving the man a brief yet respectful bow. "Nevertheless, I am certain that it would definitely serve a great purpose in my journey to fulfill the task you've asked of me." "Hopefully, that is indeed the case." In response, An'xhur let out a chuckle, the feeling he gave Valyr at the moment now contained a hint of ease and happiness amidst the death-filled aura he still emitted. "Mngh…" A few seconds later, the half-orc's body flickered in and out of existence for a bit, causing Valyr to have an expression of concern on his face as he had a feeling he knew why An'xhur started to flicker all of a sudden. Fortunately, the flickering did not last for too long, with the half-orc returning to its appearance around half a minute later. "It seems I've pushed this remaining fragment of mine to its utmost limits." An'xhur looked at Valyr with a bitter smile. "I guess now is the time for us to part ways. It would serve no good for you to stay here, especially once I run out of energy to maintain this place." "I'll definitely try my best to fulfill your task." Feeling that he would escorted out of the white space soon, Valyr decided to reaffirm An'xhur's trust in him, which caused a slight grin to appear on the latter's face. "I'm sure you will," said An'xhur, laughing a bit. "Speaking of which, before I send you out of this place, I must inform you now that I would only be able to create this white space one more time." "I hope that at that time, you would discuss how you were successful in your endeavors." "I'll try my best to do so." "Alright." Nodding in response to Valyr's words, An'xhur took in a deep breath as the white space surrounding them began to shake. "As long as I am frugal in my energy expenditure, I would be to last for a few more years." "Farewell for now, Valyr," said An'xhur. "And I hope to see you later." "Likewise." In response, Valyr nodded before flashing a confident smile at the half-orc, only to disappear from An'xhur's sight as the white space finally collapsed. … Whoosh! "And… I'm back." Appearing at the entrance of the Rare Abyss, Valyr stood in place for a bit to assess his surroundings, making sure that he had returned to the dungeons. After pinching himself a couple of times to ascertain that he had indeed returned to reality, a bitter smile soon appeared on his face as he took a look at the clear blue sky. "Already next morning, huh." As these words left Valyr's mouth, the young man instantly felt a strong wave of sleepiness wash over his body, prompting him to leave the premises as he zoomed past a group of people that wanted to enter the dungeons. At that moment, the only thought in his mind was to get some rest before making any further decisions. Thankfully, even though his eyes were already half-shut at that point, Valyr was still able to return to the outpost, heading straight to the inn to rent a room that he instantly entered to get some shuteye. It was only by the time the sun had reached its zenith did Valyr return to the waking world, sitting by the edge of the bed for some time to allow his consciousness to return to its previous state before his long-needed slumber. "Do I still need anything from the dungeons?" Scratching the back of his head as he recalled the number of Skill Keys he had amassed through his three dungeon runs, Valyr obtained the answer to his question a few seconds later, prompting him to stand up before taking in a deep breath. "Well then. Since I've already obtained all of the Skill Keys I would need to evolve all of my skills…" "I suppose it's time for me to finally go and head back." Chapter 404: Returning To The Grind MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Whoosh! "Welcome back to the Blacksmith Guild's Algerie Kingdom branch, sir." Though he was gradually getting more and more used to the feeling that accompanied teleportation constructs, Valyr still felt a bit lightheaded a few seconds after he had appeared within the Blacksmith Guild's Teleportation Hall, standing in place for a bit to let the dizziness subside. "Thanks." Once he was certain the dizziness he felt had disappeared, the young man went ahead and thanked the person who had greeted him, giving the token Julian had given him just before he teleported to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains to the latter. "Would you mind telling the Guildmaster that I have returned?" Receiving the token from Valyr, the person that greeted him gave the young man a respectful bow in response before proceeding to exit the room. However, just as the latter was only a few steps away from fully leaving, Valyr stopped the man in his tracks, asking the person to do him a favor. "I'll make sure to relay your concerns, sir." Seeing as Valyr only wanted him to relay a message, the man did not mind doing it, faintly nodding at Valyr in response before leaving with the token. "Haah." Gazing at the man's silhouette as it eventually disappeared from his field of vision, Valyr made his way out of the Teleportation Hall, deciding to roam the corridors in the meantime as he waited for the man's response to his favor. While doing so, he pondered over the other tasks he had yet to finish, causing him to let out a long sigh as he realized that there was now a lot more things for him to do than he realized. "There's not much point in overthinking it." Scratching the back of his head as he wondered how he was going to go about doing all of them, Valyr took in a few deep breaths to calm himself down, realizing that he was feeling a bit overwhelmed with how much there was on his plate. "Step by step, Valyr. Step by step." "Order your tasks by how long their deadlines are at the moment and work from there." Muttering these words to himself, the young man continued to roam the corridors as the gears in his mind continued to turn. "My current plan aside, I would have to talk with Elder Noel first regarding my decision on whether to kill a Shadow Serpent or not." "After that, I would have to head back to Anadhar City to obtain the next part of Jekyll's legacy." Recalling his interaction with Jekyll, a bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face. "Then, there's the small tournament that would happen amongst the four candidates for the inheritance, and then the inheritance itself a week after that." "There's also the World Quest and the Main Quest, but with how their deadlines are still pretty far away when compared to the other tasks I have, I could work on them while doing the others." Feeling a bit more at ease after collecting his thoughts regarding his approach towards the tasks he had still yet to finish, Valyr continued to roam the Blacksmith Guild's corridors for a bit more, only to stop at the main hall after being told that his presence was needed in front of the Guildmaster. … "Back so soon, no?" Appearing within Julian's personal workshop once more, Valyr watched as the man repeatedly swung his hammer on the piece of equipment he was working on, hammering out the imperfections on it that the young man could only see through [Gambler's Discerning Eyes]. "So, I take it that you returned to the kingdom since the dungeons are too hard?" Satisfied with the progress he had made, Julian placed the hammer to the side as he posed a question to Valyr, chuckling not long after. "Remember how I said I'd try my best to get all the keys I needed in one?" As he pondered over making a personal forging hammer to use in his future crafts, Valyr responded to the man's question with a slight grin, taking out a certain something from his spatial bracelet soon after. Whoosh! "Well, here's that Uncommon grade Skill Key I owed you." Letting out a bit of laughter of his own, Valyr gave the Uncommon grade Skill Key he took out to Julian, leaving the latter at a slight loss for words as he stared at the young man for a bit. "You're full of surprises, you know that?" Eventually, Julian let out a cackle as he patted Valyr on the shoulder. "Not only are you able to forge an Epic grade armor set on your own, you're even able to clear the dungeons of the Lesser Meltierre Mountains in one day." "I take it you only entered the first two?" asked Julian for clarification, causing a proud smile to appear on Valyr's face in response. "Why would I stop there if I have the strength to clear the Rare Abyss?" Valyr chuckled. "Then again, that demilich at the final room posed quite a bit of a challenge to me." "You even defeated the demilich?" At that point, Julian could not stop himself from letting out a loud cackle, with it instantly becoming the only thing that could be heard from his workshop. "Since that's the case, I think you have a shot at taking the leader position for the inheritance." "Talks of your journey in the Lesser Meltierre Mountains aside, what do you plan on doing before the tournament and the inheritance?" "Well, I'll definitely have to make a stop at the Spearman Guild to talk with Elder Noel." Listening to Julian's question, it did not take long for Valyr to respond, considering that he had been thinking about it while waiting for the middle-aged man to call him. "Speaking of which, did he respond back after you gave him a heads-up of my whereabouts?" "He didn't say much, but he did say that he was wishing for your safe return," said Julian in response, which unsurprisingly caused Valyr's impression of the elder to improve. "Anything else?" "Well, seeing as I now have the keys to evolve my skills, I now need to obtain an obscene amount of XP to go along with it." "Already got a place in mind?" Julian looked at Valyr with a slightly curious expression. "If you don't, I have a few spots that I could recommend to you." "Though I already have a place in mind, I definitely don't mind listening to your recommendations." Valyr smiled in response. "Anyways…" "Do you know how to get to the Akashic Battlefield?" Chapter 405: Postponing The Grind MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "The Akashic Battlefield…" Hearing Valyr mention such a place, a frown swiftly crept up onto Julian's lips as he went silent. In response, the young man slightly tilted his head in confusion, wondering if there was anything about the Akashic Battlefield or his request that made the man before him frown. "Is there anything wrong with my request?" "No, that's not it." Julian shook his head. "I could give you the directions to the Akashic Battlefield no problem. It's just that…" "There's something going on in the Akashic Battlefield?" Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity as he posed the question to the man, only for his curiosity to intensify once Julian nodded in response. "Though it would be more apt to say that we're just preparing for the worst case scenario, the Akashic Battlefield isn't really a good place to enter for the meantime, even with the level of strength you wield at your current rank." At those words, Valyr went silent, wanting to know what the other side meant by what he said. Fortunately, Julian had picked up on what Valyr wanted him to do, prompting him to faintly nod as he continued where he left off. "Well, if I'm being honest here, the Akashic Battlefield is still running the same way it used to run all this time, being accessible to those who wish to gain a lot of XP alongside combat experience." "However, the problem has something to do with the orc outbreak the kingdom is currently trying to push back." Saying these words, Julian picked up his forging hammer before proceeding to hammer out a few more of the imperfections he could find on the equipment he was working on. With a slight frown on his face, he then chucked the equipment into the furnace before him, giving it time to become more malleable. "Since the orcs could not push through the point where their offensive first began, a considerable portion of the orcs decided to separate from the main group, heading to other points in the kingdom that would give them a greater chance at success." Turning around to look at Valyr, Julian adorned a solemn expression. "One of those points would be the northwest section of the kingdom." Noticing that Valyr squinted his eyes in slight confusion while his eyebrows remained raised, Julian decided to elaborate on his explanation a bit more. "The strongest defensive lines of the kingdom could be found within the four cardinal directions. North, south, east, and west. In fact, the orcs choosing to strike the east defensive line for their first offensive is one of the main reasons why the orcs haven't been successful in infiltrating the kingdom yet." "However, the same could not be said for the directions between the four cardinal ones." Briefly flashing a bitter smile at Valyr, Julian took out the equipment he chucked into the furnace earlier, placing it on his anvil not long after. After that, he swung his hammer a couple of times to remove the imperfections that were made obvious through heating the equipment, causing him to faintly nod in satisfaction. "Where was I? Oh, right." Feeling like he had more or less removed all of the imperfections that were on the equipment he was working on, Julian gave the equipment time to cool down as he continued where he left Valyr off in his explanation. "Compared to the defensive lines on the four cardinal directions, you could say that the defensive lines on the ordinal directions are only there to serve as a deterrent for those with ill intentions." "Of course, due to the orc outbreak, the kingdom has doubled down its efforts in fortifying all of the kingdom's defensive lines, starting their reinforcement plan with the defensive lines in the ordinal directions," said Julian, only to ask the young man after if he was still listening. Obtaining a nod from Valyr in response, Julian nodded back as he continued. "At the moment, the southeast and southwest defensive lines are more or less on the same level of defensive prowess as the cardinal defensive lines, while the northwest and northeast defensive lines still have a ways to go before reaching that same level." "The orcs won't attack the northeast defensive line since it's in close proximity to the east defensive line." Julian let out a faint sigh. "If they did decide to attack it, the forces from the east defensive line would just send reinforcements to the northeast defensive line." "In other words, nothing significant would happen." "However, if they were to attack the northwest defensive line, then there's a chance that something different would happen." At these words, Julian looked at Valyr in the eyes. "Though the north and west defensive line have already gotten a heads-up regarding the orc outbreak to the east, they still think that the outbreak would be contained in the east side at most." "Aside from that, a great portion of the noble authorities within the kingdom thought the same way as well, only sending a few patrols to the northwest defensive line at most as a show of compromise to those who believed the orcs would attack the northwest defensive line." Julian let out yet another sigh as he shook his head. "An incredibly stupid decision to make if you'd ask me." "In any case, that's pretty much the reason why I don't advise you to head to the Akashic Battlefield in the meantime," said Julian in conclusion, taking in a deep breath after having to speak for so long. "Though… I guess it would be fine if I were to have someone accompany you to the Akashic Battlefield. After all, what I've told you so far is more or less speculation on my end." "Is that fine with you, though?" asked Valyr in response, to which Julian shrugged his shoulders. "I wouldn't be able to have someone accompany you right now," replied Julian. "However, if you're fine with postponing your session in the Akashic Battlefield to tomorrow, then I can probably arrange someone to escort you." "I mean… I'm not really in a rush." In response, Valyr shrugged his shoulders, not minding the delay. "I'll just do the other tasks I have yet to finish in the meantime." "Speaking of which…" "Do you know if Elder Noel is currently in the Spearman Guild?" Chapter 406: Meeting Noel Once Again MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "Is this about the question from him that you've yet to answer?" Asking this question in response to Valyr's question to him, Julian obtained a nod from the young man soon after, prompting him to rub his chin for a bit as he tried to recall where the old man was. "As far as I can remember, he's been staying in the Spearman Guild for the past few days," said Julian to Valyr after he was done pondering. "Usually, he would be in a secluded area only elders of the Spearman Guild would have access to, only heading to the Spearman Guild's building every once in a while whenever he was bored." At those words, it did not take long for Valyr to put two and two together in his mind after listening to Julian's response, biting on his lip as he slightly frowned. Though he was uncertain for it to be the case, he had a strong feeling that the reason why the elder had been loitering around the Spearman Guild for the past few days… …was to wait for his return. "I'll keep that in mind, thank you." Letting out a low sigh, Valyr went ahead and told Julian that he would head to the Spearman Guild for now, to which the latter responded with a nod. Then, just as Valyr was only a few steps away from leaving Julian's personal workshop, the latter reminded Valyr to return to the Blacksmith Guild tomorrow, telling him that he would probably have found someone that would accompany him to the Akashic Battlefield. Committing the man's words to memory, it was only then did Valyr finally leave the premises, swiftly making his way out of the Blacksmith Guild to head to the Spearman Guild. After all, more than three days had already passed since Elder Noel asked him that question. … "Hello there." Just before he arrived at the Spearman Guild, Valyr reconfigured his current appearance through [Enhanced Polymorph], changing it to his appearance back when he had met the elder for the first time. Finding a counter that had no queue, Valyr made a beeline to it as he posed a question to the attendant on the other side. "Could I know if Elder Noel is here at the moment?" "Give me a few moments, sir." Fortunately, rather than ask questions regarding the reason for Valyr wanting to meet up with such an important person within the Spearman Guild, the attendant felt then and there that sticking her nose into where it didn't belong would be an utterly stupid decision on her part, especially since it had something with one of the elders of the Spearman Guild. With that, the attendant brought out a thin tablet and interacted
