that have a high profile in the Blacksmith Guild being able to earn more money through it. "Would I even earn enough there?" Feeling that Braum would not mention the idea for no reason, Valyr went ahead and asked. "I'd say you'd lose out in the short term, considering that they take a commission fee for putting the equipment up for sale," said Braum in response. "However, with the grade of equipment you craft and how you're a candidate for the Four Pillars' Inheritance, I feel like it wouldn't take long for you to earn far more money than what owning your own smithy would make." "Is that so?" Pondering over it for a bit, Valyr decided that he would try it out with a couple pieces of test equipment first, prompting Braum to nod in approval. After that, they talked a bit more, with Valyr eventually telling the man that he would be heading to the library for the meantime. "Now that I think about it… why have you been so helpful to me ever since I arrived here?" Though, just as he was about to bid farewell to the man, Valyr stopped in his tracks and turned around, posing a question to Braum. "I don't know." In response, Braum softly smiled. "At first, it was out of obligation as the leader of the group that had brought you to this place, but right now… I really don't know. In any case, I do appreciate the friendship that we've built up thus far and I hope it continues to last." "Same goes here." Hearing Braum's words, Valyr smiled as well. Bidding farewell, Valyr waved at the man goodbye, only to stop in his tracks and turn around once more, this time a knowing smile adorning his face. "You want me to craft something for you, don't you?" "How could I ever ask for something like that? As the leader of the Imperial Production Guild's 3rd Reconnaissance Team, it would be disrespectful to request such a favor." "Heh… is that so? Forgot I ever said anything, then." "…" "…" "…can I get a new armor set?" "Called it." Chapter 359: The Myriad Archives After promising Braum that he would return to the Imperial Production Guild at a later time and ask the man regarding the specifics of the armor set the latter wanted him to craft, Valyr roamed the streets of Algerie City, realizing once more as to how large the city was when compared to other cities he had been in before, such as Clossbay City. 'Well, Algerie City is the capital city of Algerie Kingdom, so it's no surprise that they turned it into a core city.' Recalling the various settlements he had been in for a bit and how each place had its own unique charm and aesthetic that differentiated it from the other, he eventually returned his train of thought to the matter at hand, which was to head to the library located within the city. With that, he rummaged through his treasure trove of memories to see if he could still recall the directions to the place, swiftly finding out that he actually did. Armed with the general idea of where he needed to go, Valyr slightly hastened his pace, asking a few people along the way to make sure that he was heading in the right direction. 'I should really stop thinking my memories are the answer to everything.' Though the people he asked did confirm to him that he was heading in the right direction, it was only through talking with these people was Valyr reminded of a certain fact about the library that would allow him to head to where he needed even without knowing how to head there in the first place. 'They're definitely nice to have, but they'll eventually just turn into points of reference for me to use with how things are going.' "In any case, note to self, use more common sense." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr continued to make his way to the library, a faint bitter smile adorning his face all the while. "When lost, remember that the library is an incredibly tall tower." … "Man, to think that the library was an incredibly tall tower even before the first version." After asking a couple more people along the way as to where the library was, Valyr eventually arrived at the place he wanted to be in, standing just a dozen steps away from the entrance to what seemed to be a large tower that spanned over 10 stories tall. The exterior of the large tower seemed to be made out of bricks that were formed from roughly cut stone, forming a slight contrast to the buildings surrounding it as it gave off an archaic air around it. However, the faint undulations of mana that emanated from the walls of the tower only made that archaic air all the more prominent, giving anyone who took a look at the tower the idea that the tower had been here even before Algerie Kingdom had been established. "The Myriad Archives." Looking at the old yet intricately carved wooden sign that hung above the entrance, Valyr muttered the words that were written on it, recalling multiple things involving the tower back when he was still a player. "If this place doesn't have the answers that I seek, then only the empire's library would have it." From what the name of the place suggested, the Myriad Archives was a library that contained all types of documents that delved into a myriad topics, being a treasure trove of knowledge for the kingdom, as well as the various core cities and cities that surrounded the library. Multiple scholars and sages peruse the books and scrolls the Myriad Archives gave access to every day in search for greater knowledge, though holders of production and combat classes also peruse it for the same reason. Of course, players were no exception to this, though most of them only perused the Myriad Archives and other similar libraries in order to further their understanding of the world they were in, which would allow them to uncover hidden clues or gain an edge in the quests that they had. Valyr was also one of these players, being someone who only looked through what the library offered in order to further progress in something. Then again, when he was bored, he would check through the various storybooks the library had, or read through the books that covered various aspects of the world he did not know. 'Well, it wouldn't hurt to read up more on the world of Veldanyr, considering that I'm now one of its denizens.' As this thought popped up in his mind, Valyr let out a faint chuckle before proceeding to head through the tower's entrance. At the very instant he stepped foot into the tower, he was swiftly greeted by the sight of a great number of tables and chairs, with around half of the chairs being occupied by people that were either jotting down notes on parchment, or were reading through books in silence, their expressions neutral. Surrounding these tables were tall shelves filled to the brim with various books, scrolls, and the like, prompting Valyr to realize that the tower had spatial expansion magic cast on it, even though it was already over 10 stories tall. "Welcome to the Myriad Archives." Just as he was about to head further into the tower, a teenager wearing a light gray robe greeted him, prompting him to stop in his tracks. Noticing that she had gotten his attention, the teenager put on a faint smile before asking, "Is this your first time in this place?" "Yes." Though Valyr had gone through the books the tower had to offer many times in his past life, this visit was indeed his first time stepping into the Myriad Archives, causing him to nod at the young girl's question. "Is there something wrong?" "Oh, there's nothing wrong at all." The young girl gave Valyr a slightly apologetic smile. "It's just that you should have an Archive Card made before you could proceed." "I see." Hearing the young girl's words, Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity, slightly surprised that such a system was in place. After all, from what he could remember in his past life, there was no need for an Archive Card or anything of the sort to enter the Myriad Archives, with everyone being able to come and go to the library as they pleased. 'All the more reason for me to think that something big happened before the first version went public.' Deciding to not make it difficult for the young girl, Valyr cooperated with her, paying the necessary fees and going through a few simple tests. A few minutes later, he and the young girl had returned to where they previously stood, though with the former now holding a small metal card with small runes engraved on its surface. "As a Rank 2 class holder, your Archive Card has Rank 2 authority, which gives you access to books and documents up to the 6th floor of the Archives." Listening to the teenager's words, Valyr nodded in response, asking the young girl if he was now finally free to proceed. After getting the go ahead, the young man nodded and thanked the young girl for her time, deciding to head to the second floor of the Archives as the unanswered questions gradually popped up in his mind. "I'll leave the harder questions for later," Valyr muttered to himself. "For now, I should find out how to extend my lifespan." Chapter 360: How To Live Longer "No… not this one… not this one either…" Once at the second floor of the tower that was the Myriad Archives, Valyr beelined towards the various bookshelves that were in his vicinity, looking through the selection of books and other documents the floor had given him access to. At some point, he noticed that all of the documents on a certain bookshelf were focused on a certain topic, prompting him to change his search method and find the bookshelf that contained books regarding lifespan. While doing so, he would pass by the tables and chairs placed behind certain areas of the floor, briefly glancing at the people that were doing their own things, such as research or leisure reading. Unsurprisingly, within a couple of back-and-forths through a few bookshelves, Valyr noticed that there were a considerably less number of people that were on this floor. Of course, at the very instant he wondered why that was the case, the answer to his question swiftly appeared on the surface of his mind, with the young man recalling from the teenager's words from earlier that his Archive Card had Rank 2 authority due to his identity as a Rank 2 class holder. With that, he put two and two together, faintly shrugging his shoulders as he placed the thought at the back of his head before proceeding to look for the books he wanted. … "Finally." Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief, Valyr looked at the books and scrolls that were placed on the bookshelf in front of him, taking a look at the titles each document had. Seeing that a great portion of them mentioned the word lifespan or was referring to the act of extending one's lifespan, it was then that he knew that he was standing in front of the right bookshelf. With that, he looked through the various books and scrolls he could grab from the bookshelf, eventually settling on one, which was a slightly thin book that had the title 'Theories on Extending One's Natural Lifespan' on its front cover. Heading towards a nearby table, he grabbed a chair and opened the book, going through its pages in the hopes that his query would be answered. "Hmm…" As it was a book that did not surpass a hundred pages, it only took a few minutes for Valyr to read through the entire thing, especially with the aid of his high INT stat. Nevertheless, by the time he closed the book, a slight frown adorned his face, closing his eyes for a bit as he digested what he read and got the gist of it. 'Basically, it's a book that goes into detail on how one could extend their lives naturally.' Opening his eyes, Valyr went over the main points of the book he had read in his mind. 'Though it says it's a theory, with how much evidence the author has added in this book, as well as how in-depth the research the author has done on the topic, it's better to say that it's just a confirmation of one's speculations.' 'Unfortunately, it doesn't answer the question I want to know at all.' Softly shaking his head, Valyr let out a faint sigh before heading back to the bookshelf where he had grabbed the book and placed it back, only to grab a couple more articles of literature from the shelf to see if any of them offered another perspective. "I guess it's time to head to the higher floors." Seeing that the first book he had grabbed from the shelf was the one that contained the most knowledge out of all of them, Valyr stood up from his seat and proceeded to head to the higher floors of the Archives, always making a beeline for the bookshelves that contained documents that talked about one's lifespan. Sadly, just like the result he had obtained from the second floor, the third and fourth floor of the Archives gave him an answer that was only slightly better than the answer he obtained from the second floor, with the documents he read from the latter two floors acting as confirmation for the theory the book on the second floor had. "So, aside from moderate exercise and a well-balanced diet, a high VIT stat allows one to get closer to reaching the maximum natural lifespan a person could have." Consolidating all of the information he had obtained from the books and documents he had read thus far, Valyr muttered these words to himself as he made his way up the staircase that led to the fifth floor of the Archives. "I hope this or the next floor has a book that contains the answer that I need." Taking in a deep breath as he entered the fifth floor, Valyr quickly noticed that the number of people that were on this floor only hovered around a couple dozen, making him feel a hint of tranquility at how few people there were. Not wanting to disturb any of them in their own work like how the others he had come across in the previous floors did not disturb him, Valyr searched through the various bookshelves of the fifth floor in a way that allowed him to only make little to no noise. Thanking his high DEX stat for giving him incredibly high control over the various muscles in his body, he eventually found the bookshelf that he was looking for, noticing that the number of books and documents on the shelf were significantly less than the number on the ones from the previous floors. Briefly wondering why that was the case, Valyr took the document on the bookshelf that seemed to contain the most information on the matter, being a leather-bound book that had its title engraved in silver. Heading to a nearby table, the young man sat down and took a look at the book's title before opening it. "A General Guide to Lifespan and Its Methods of Improvement." While going through the first few pages of the book, Valyr quickly had a frown on his face as the information he read was more or less similar to what he had figured from the documents he had read beforehand. With that, he was inclined to think that the remaining pages would just expand on it and go into far greater detail, considering that it was a book that could only be found in the middle floors of the Archives. However, it did not take long for him to find out how wrong he was. "Hmm?" Continuing to read through the book, Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity, only for his eyes to slightly widen in interest and excitement as he quickly realized that the book was talking about something else other than what he already knew. "There are two components to lifespan: one's natural lifespan and one's potential lifespan. One's natural lifespan is usually around 60-80% of one's potential lifespan, though if one has a sufficiently high VIT stat, one's natural lifespan could be equal to one's potential lifespan, perhaps even exceed it by a small bit." "Here are the potential lifespans one could aim to achieve per rank…" As his eyes hovered over these words on the book, it was only then did Valyr realize that he had hit the jackpot with the book he grabbed. Chapter 361: A Long Life Ahead "Those at Rank 0 have a potential lifespan of 100 years." As Valyr began to read through the various values the book had given him on the maximum lifespans one could hope to achieve per rank, his eyes glistened with interest, committing every bit of information he got from the book to memory. "Ascending to Rank 1 increases this by 50%, giving those at Rank 1 a potential lifespan of 150 years." "On the other hand, ascending to Rank 2 increases one's potential lifespan by another 50 years, which allows a Rank 2 class holder to live twice the maximum natural lifespan a Rank 0 class holder could achieve as long as they have a high VIT stat." Though he was glad to find out that ascending to a higher class rank and achieving a high VIT stat was all he needed to obtain more than enough time to do the things he wanted to do in his current life, Valyr continued reading through the book, noticing that it also detailed the potential lifespans of those with class ranks higher than Rank 2. "Ascending to Rank 3 increases one's potential lifespan by a hundred years, though the same could be said if one were to ascend to Rank 4 and Rank 5. With that, the potential lifespan one would have at Rank 3, Rank 4, and Rank 5 were 300 years, 400 years, and 500 years respectively." 'Even if I didn't focus on increasing my VIT stat once I hit Rank 5, I could still live for over 400 years.' Taking some time to process the information he had just received, Valyr thought about how absurd it was for him to be able to live for an incredibly long time as long as he reached Rank 5. Totaling the amount of time he lived so far through his two lives, he had only barely surpassed one-twentieth of that number. Yet here he was, in a world that gave him an incredibly long lifespan as long as he continued what he was doing. Getting stronger. 'Hmm… I guess that's all the information I could get regarding lifespans from the book.' Feeling that he had digested and absorbed the information he had read earlier, Valyr continued reading through the book's pages, noticing that the book now tackled certain materials alchemists used in order to concoct pills that allowed one to get closer to one's potential lifespan. Though he felt like the lifespan he would obtain even if he didn't focus on increasing his VIT stat was more than enough for him for now, he still committed some of them to memory, considering that he knew the location of a few of them. 'Well, that was quite enlighten—oh?' Just as he had finished reading the part of the book that tackled materials used in alchemy for greater lifespan, Valyr was about to place the book back where he had gotten it, satisfied with the information he had obtained. However, before he could stand up and head back to the bookshelf to return it, he noticed that there still remained a few pages at the end of the book, prompting him to flip to it, only to find out that there was still more information he could obtain from the book regarding one's lifespan. Specifically, how becoming an Epic or a Legend increased one's lifespan. 'Is this book really meant to be at the fifth floor? With this information, it should be placed at the floors made for Rank 3 class holders at the very least.' Naturally, after coming across this information, Valyr wondered whether the staff maintaining the orderliness of the Myriad Archives had misplaced this book, feeling that this information he was about to read could only be obtained with a higher rank of authority. 'Oh well.' Of course, that didn't mean Valyr wasn't going to read it. On the contrary, he was eager to find out how having an Intent or a Force affected one's lifespan. With that, he read the text written on the final pages, murmuring each and every sentence to himself. "Manifesting an Intent applies an increase of 25% on one's potential lifespan, allowing Epics at Rank 3 to obtain a potential lifespan close to that of a normal Rank 4, totaling to 375 years. Epics at Rank 4, on the other hand, would have a potential lifespan that's on par with a normal Rank 5, while Epics at Rank 5 would be able to outlive normal Rank 5 class holders by over a hundred years." "However, if a Rank 5 were to deepen their understanding of their Intent and turn it into Force, that increase changes from 25% to 50%, allowing them to live for over 200 years more than normal Rank 5 class holders, their potential lifespans totaling to 750 years." "As for the lifespan one would be able to achieve if one were to ascend to Rank 6 and turn their Force into a Concept… that is something only a select few people are privy towards." Letting out a slightly disappointed sigh at the
