chestplate needs the Wyvern Core." Taking his chestplate off, Valyr allowed his memories of the upgrade process to linger in his mind, reminding himself as to why he had to upgrade the chestplate first. As it was the only piece that would need the Wyvern Core in its upgrade process, the chestplate would act as the power source for the entire armor set once it was all upgraded, giving Valyr's armor the ability to do more things than it already could. With the thought in mind, the young man wondered how much of an improvement these abilities would undergo, considering that the guide mentioned that the upgrade involving the Wyvern Core would upgrade his armor set to Epic rarity. With a fortuitous encounter improving his current armor set to that same rarity already, he was extremely curious on what kind of changes would happen to those abilities if the armor set had finished upgrading to Epic+ rarity. Or, if he was lucky enough, Legendary rarity. "Alright." Mustering up the courage to do something incredibly stupid, the young man took in a deep breath as he chucked the chestplate into the furnace. Increasing the temperature of the furnace after that, he then began to lay out the materials he would need to upgrade the chestplate to the next rarity. "First off, True Wyvern Scales." Bringing a long wooden table near the entrance of the workshop to somewhere beside the anvil, Valyr began to arrange the materials he would need by step. "According to the guide, once the chestplate reaches its optimal temperature, I should begin replacing the Nascent Wyvern Scales on it with True Wyvern Scales." "Then…" After making sure that the number of True Wyvern Scales he had on hand would be enough to upgrade the entire armor set, he then grabbed a couple of materials that reminded him of his forging duel with Theraldine. "Materials that are highly attuned to the four basic elements." At those words, the young man gently placed down four items to the right of the pile of True Wyvern Scales, arranging them in a way that make sure their energies would neutralize each other for the meantime. Of course, to make things easier for himself and cut down a bit of time, Valyr decided to use the same elemental materials he had used to forge his Hammer of Beginnings. "Aside from those things, the only things left needed to upgrade the chestplate would be…" Going through the guide in his mind, the young man briefly scratched the back of his head as he bitterly smiled. "My blood and mana, huh." "Eh. I'll think more about it later." Placing thoughts regarding the last step of the upgrade process to the side, the young man went ahead and retrieved the chestplate out of the furnace, placing it down on the anvil. "Huuu…" Taking in a few deep breaths, Valyr gradually composed himself as he went over the various steps in his mind one more time. Once he felt like he had gotten a good grasp of it, it was only then did he begin work on the chestplate, feeling as if all of the distractions in his surroundings had disappeared all of a sudden. '[Flow] again, huh…' Sensing that his concentration had been heightened and his movements had become more refined, the young man inwardly let out a chuckle as he grabbed the True Wyvern Scales, beginning to place them on top of the scales that were already there. Hissssss!!! At the very instant the scale touched the chestplate, a loud hissing sound resounded throughout the room, causing the young man to inwardly think that the Shadow Serpent had been revived in spirit somehow. Letting out a faint chuckle in response, he focused his attention towards the scale he had placed, which seemed to be melding with the previous scale, eventually taking its place. Hissssss!!! Hissssss!!! Hissssss!!! Seeing that the first step of the upgrade process looked to have no issues, the young man proceeded to make the most out of the time he had, placing multiple True Wyvern Scales on top of the chestplate at once. Slowly but surely, he was making progress in replacing all of the scales on the chestplate, having to chuck the chestplate into the furnace a couple more times before all of the scales were replaced with the new ones. "[True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight]." "[Hunter's Tracking Eyes]." After making sure that no imperfections had appeared after the first step, it was only then did Valyr proceed onto the next step, prompting him to focus his attention on the elemental materials he had arranged earlier. "Now that the scales have been replaced with True Wyvern Scales, the next step is to infuse the energy of the four elements into the chestplate." Muttering these words to himself, the young man made light work of the materials he had chosen, refining all of them into their purest forms within an hour or so. "I wonder why there's a step like that." Feeling like he had been making good progress so far, the young man decided to take a short break to recuperate his energy, pondering a few things about the guide he was following in the meantime. "From an element to effect standpoint, having the four basic elements make sense since it's considered an all-around boost." "However, since the armor's final state is to become an incredibly close replica of the Empyrean Dragon Armor, including the four elements into it doesn't seem right," muttered the young man, faintly tilting his head to and fro in confusion. "Is it going to act as a replacement of some sort? A foundation for something else?" "Well…" Understanding that he would only be heading down a rabbit hole if he were to continue his train of thought, the young man decided to discard the question altogether, returning his attention to the chestplate. "Whatever purpose it may serve, it wouldn't be in the guide if it was to achieve something else." "Alright, time to continue." Placing the chestplate into the furnace, Valyr gently picked up the four items and placed them around the chestplate in a unique pattern. Then, after making sure that all of them were in the right spot, he increased the temperature inside the furnace to a level near its limit, causing the energy from the materials to gradually seep out. Whoosh! Whoosh! Surprisingly, within seconds of these energies beginning to seep out, the chestplate began to devour these energies as if it hadn't eaten for decades. In fact, the chestplate was actively siphoning the energies from the refined materials at some point, leaving only dregs by the time it was done. "Two more steps left." With both skills still active, the young man took a look if any imperfections had appeared during the infusion of energy, nodding in satisfaction after he had made sure that there were none. Taking out the chestplate from the furnace once more, he gently placed it onto the anvil, grabbing a chisel and Hammer of Beginnings as he proceeded to the second to last step. "[Breath of Beginnings]." Taking in a deep breath as he mentally steeled himself for what he was going to do, the young man changed the energy of his artifact, making one feel as if it had the ability to be everything yet also be one thing at the same time. Tightening his grip onto the chisel, Valyr then positioned it above the center of the chestplate, only to then… Bang! With great strength, the young man caused a nick to appear on the chestplate's surface, clicking his tongue as he thought about the durability of the True Wyvern Scales. Undeterred, he continued with his hammering, causing the nick to gradually grow larger as a small hole eventually appeared on the chestplate. "And with this, the final step." Finding the previous step nerve-wracking, the young man let out a long sigh of relief after it was over, going over through it with [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] and [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] to see if he had caused any imperfections. After righting all of the imperfections that had popped up, the young man went ahead and grabbed the Wyvern Core before placing it where he had created the hole on the chestplate. After that, he slit his wrist with a chisel, allowing his blood to flow above the Wyvern Core while his other hand touched the core directly, infusing it with his own mana. For a while, a gruesome sight could be seen in the center of the workshop as a considerable portion of the chestplate was now dyed in the color of Valyr's blood. Thankfully, a couple of minutes later, all signs of that instantly disappeared as a notification sound resounded in the young man's mind. "And with that… the upgrade is done." Ding! Chapter 564: The True Wyvern's Descent Hearing a series of notification sounds resound in his mind, Valyr had a wry smile on his face as he looked at the wound he had opened. Taking out a health potion from his spatial bracelet, he downed all of its contents in one gulp before applying a bit of pressure on the wound. "I still have to do this five more times," muttered the young man to himself as he caught his breath, giving himself time to rest while thinking about the amount of blood he had lost just so the chestplate could finish upgrading. From what he could tell, he had probably lost about half a liter or so of blood during that time, considering that he had difficulty keeping his eyes near the end of the process. Then again, such an amount was only a wild guess at most, with the guide he was following not helping out in that regard either. "The guide said that the amount of blood the piece of armor would absorb from the user depends on the armor's current level, as well as the user's current stats," said the young man as thoughts lingered in his mind. Sitting down for the meantime, he requested an attendant to give him something to eat. "I guess the armor's rarity has something to do with how much blood it takes as well?" Letting out a faint sigh, the young man moved closer to the chestplate, its appearance now drastically different from how it looked before. In the center was the Wyvern Core, which had four wisps of elemental energy swirling around it. Making up the entirety of the surface were the True Wyvern Scales that appeared to be rough and smooth at the same time, all of them glistening a faint crimson after absorbing the blood Valyr had spilled. "[Greater Analysis]." Thanking the attendant that had arrived with his food only a few minutes after his request, the young man took a couple of bites before proceeding to return his attention to the chestplate. Ding! [(+14) True Wyvern Chestplate (Imitation)] (Level 38 | Lifebound) Rarity: Epic+ . Defense: 775 - 1292 Forge Quality: Exceptional Additional Attributes: > VIT +47 > STR +45 Forged by a true prodigy in the field of blacksmithing, this chestplate is inspired by the artifact 'Empyrean Dragon Armor', with the blacksmith hoping that the armor would be able to emulate part of its strength. With the amount of time and effort the blacksmith has placed into the armor, as well as the blossoming of the blacksmith's own talents, the armor has moved one step closer to emulating the artifact's entire strength, now arriving at the level of an Imitation. Though part of its innate potential had been awakened in advance by the artifact 'Hammer of Beginnings', a great amount of potential still slumbers within the chestplate. In the future, it has a high possibility of arriving a level of strength equal to the Empyrean Dragon Armor, perhaps even greater. <Innate Skill 1: Might of the True Wyvern - Thanks to the power of the Wyvern Core embedded into the armor, only to be brought a level of quality higher thanks to the power of the elements, the level requirement for the armor has been reduced by 7 levels.> <Innate Skill 2: Breath of the True Wyvern - Allows the user to shoot out a wave of flames in front of them, targeting all enemies within a 25 meter radius in front of the user, dealing damage equivalent to 500% of the user's Attack stat. Also inflicts Burn damage that deals 50% of the user's Attack stat every second, lasting for 10 seconds. Cooldown: 10 minutes. Cost: 5,000 MP.> <Innate Skill 3: Rage of the True Wyvern - Allows the user to tap into the power of the Wyvern Core embedded into the armor, boosting all physical stats of the user except VIT by 15% for 5 minutes. Stacks multiplicatively with other stat boosting skills. Cooldown: 10 minutes. Cost: 2,500 MP.> <Innate Skill 4: Descent of the True Wyvern - Allows the user to tap into the entirety of the Wyvern Core's power, awakening part of the spirit of the True Wyvern. For 2 minutes, the user's physical and magical stats are empowered by 50%. In exchange, all of the user's stats are reduced by 99% for 10 minutes after. Cooldown: 1 day. Cost: 99% of the user's HP and MP.> <True Wyvern Set | 1/6> Set Effects: - 2 pieces: Attack and Defense +25% - 3 pieces: HP +2,500 and MP +1,500 - 4 pieces: All stats +12 - 6 pieces: All stats +3% Remarks: Such armor like this can already stand equal to armor sets known by many from legends. "I guess giving the chestplate all of that blood wasn't so bad of an idea, after all." Whistling in admiration as he finished reading through the armor's updated description, Valyr eventually noticed three things that were not on the armor in the first place. "Huh. It's already reached the stage of an Imitation." Seeing that his attempt at emulating the Empyrean Dragon Armor was now considered an Imitation rather than an Emulation, the young man brought up all of the notifications he hadn't bothered to read earlier, nodding in understanding after he had read through all of it. Ding! [You have successfully modified the armor 'Nascent Wyvern Chestplate'.] [Due to the immense modification done, the armor has gained the ability to tap into a far greater expanse of power it initially couldn't, thus increasing the armor's rarity to Epic+.] [Thanks to this change, its name has been changed to 'True Wyvern Chestplate'.] [The heavens have taken notice of the time and effort you have put into the craft, realizing that the potential the equipment is now far greater than it was before. With that, the heavens shall reward your efforts accordingly.] [Your item has gained a greater portion of the original properties of the artifact 'Empyrean Dragon Armor', now being classified an Imitation.] "I see. I see." Closing the notification screen, Valyr went silent for a bit as he internalized all of the information he had just read. "So, it would be safe to assume that the armor would reach the level of a Replica at some point, considering that the chestplate reached the level of an Imitation." "Hmm… I guess it wouldn't be far-fetched to say that it'll eventually turn into an artifact of its own once I enhance it a bit further." Thinking about it for a bit more, the young man began to daydream, letting out some laughter as his thoughts briefly turned outlandish. "Then again, the fact that the rarity has a plus modifier is already saying a lot." Moving his attention to the bottom of the chestplate's description screen, Valyr looked through the innate skills the piece of armor now had, nodding in satisfaction as all of them had undergone a considerable upgrade. "This is the skill awakened by [Breath of Beginnings], huh." Eventually, his focus shifted onto the fourth innate skill on the chestplate, reading through its description a couple of times. "So, a skill that basically sacrifices almost everything for a great boost in strength." "Well, if anything, it's one more trump card I can use once we're in the inheritance." Though Valyr thought about multiple scenarios where the conclusion would be death if he used the fourth skill, the young man still felt like it was a great skill, especially since it would allow his strength to transcend ranks even further. Whether or not such strength would reach the level of Legends and Myths was something he'd only know once he finally got a chance to use it. "And lastly… that part." Satisfied with the first two changes to the chestplate, the young man eventually focused his attention on the final change he had yet to look at in detail. "Well… the entire armor set becoming Lifebound isn't really the end of the world. I could just modify the steps if I were to make armor similar to this in the future." From what the name suggested, Lifebound equipment was equipment that could only be equipped by a single person. Even if the person died, the piece of equipment would still recognize only the person that had the equipment bound to them in the first place, essentially turning the equipment into a useless piece of junk. After all, what purpose would a piece of equipment that had amazing stats have if it couldn't be used by those from the future generation? Then again, there were multiple methods of binding equipment to people, with Lifebound equipment being the most restrictive. Below it were Manabound and Bloodbound equipment, which allowed the requirements to use such equipment to be more flexible while still disabling those that have malicious intent from using it. From the name itself, Manabound equipment could only be used by those that have a similar signature of mana to the one that binded the equipment first, while Bloodbound equipment could only be used by those that have a similar type of blood to the one that binded it first. Depending on the process the original owner used, the restrictions on using the Manabound and Bloodbound equipment could range from being the child of the original owner, to any being that was of the same species of the same owner. In fact, because of such flexibility in restrictions, these types of binding were the ones usually used on family heirlooms, ensuring that the clan's strength continued on an upward trend as time passed. Of course, there were still a lot of people that used the harshest type of binding on their equipment. However, most of them generally did it due to their paranoia of having people snatch their equipment away from them all of a sudden. "Now that I think about it, it's been a while since I last checked my stats." Closing the description screen after he was done taking a look at all the changes, the young man went ahead and wore the chestplate, instantly feeling a great surge of strength flow throughout his body from it. "With how much stuff I've gone through since then, I wonder how much they've improved since then?" Letting out a chuckle at his newfound strength, the young man began to do a few basic movements to become acclimated with it before proceeding onto the next piece. While that was happening, he made a decision to take a look at his stats after he had upgraded his entire armor set to its higher rarity, his flames of motivation blazing intensely as he eventually began on the next armor piece. Though, before he began upgrading his second piece of armor, he told himself something after having gone through the upgrade process once. "Note to self." "Do not cut the artery on your wrist again." Chapter 565: Progress Check For the next few days, Valyr had spent most of his time in the private workshop Julian gave him, putting all of his attention towards upgrading the other pieces making up his armor set. Learning from the mistakes he made while making Braum's Aegis Armor, he made sure to allow his body to get proper rest, extending the amount of time needed to finish the entire set. Nevertheless, with the increased productivity and focus proper rest brought, alongside the fact that [Flow] had never deactivated ever since it activated while he upgraded his chestplate, the quality he was able to achieve for the five other pieces of armor was top-notch. In fact, if Valyr were to think about the time he had taken to upgrade the pieces of armor individually, he felt that the amount of time he took considerably grew less with every subsequent piece. Then again, such a thing was to be expected, considering that his experience with the chestplate was his first time. With [Flow] gradually dissipating on its own as he was finished with the final piece, Valyr allowed himself to take a small break, munching on the food he had an attendant bring to him while he was busy. While doing so, he also went ahead and grabbed a health potion from his spatial bracelet, downing all of its contents in one gulp. "That was a close one." Inwardly letting out a long sigh of relief, the young man wiped off the cold sweat on his forehead, recalling what had transpired while he was upgrading the helmet to the next rarity. With it being the last piece of armor he had to upgrade, Valyr was more or less confident that he would go through all of the steps smoothly. For the most part, that statement was true, having gone through most of the process that upgraded the helmet without any mishaps. However, on the final step, which involved letting himself bleed to turn it into Lifebound equipment, the young man had done something he had already reminded himself many times not to do. Cut the artery on his wrist. Though the amount of pain he felt from it was negligible at most, the amount of blood that poured out of the wound he made was surprisingly greater than the amount of blood he spilled back on the chestplate. Of
