at the room he and the other two were staying in. Seeing Edward resting in the main living area with Wells, the smile on Valyr's face only grew wider. "Ah! Valyr!" With how long it had been since the kid had seen him, a look of joy and gratitude appeared on Edward's face as he came up to Valyr and hugged him. Unsurprisingly, the young man returned the hug back, slightly grinning as the two of them let go of each other sometime later. "You've grown stronger since the last time I saw you," said Valyr to Edward as he wore his old spatial bracelet over his other wrist, deciding to sort all of his items out once he was alone. "From what Wells told me, you've been accepted by Elder Noel as his direct disciple?" "That would be correct." As Edward responded in a somewhat cheerful mood, Valyr inwardly nodded with a smile. After all, in just a few days while he was away at the Blacksmith Guild, the kid's personality had undergone a massive change, feeling as if he were talking to a kid that had not gone through all of Edward's past hardships. "Does that mean you picked up the spear, then?" Asking this question to the kid, the young man recalled the conversation he and Julian had about Edward's family. Just as he was wondering whether or not to tell the kid about it, all of a sudden, Edward flared the entirety of his aura, which made Valyr raised his eyebrows in curiosity. "Not only that, but Elder Noel helped me reached the peak of Rank 0," said Edward in response, his expression brimming with glee. "According to him, I only need a few more days before I can ascend to Rank 1." "Is that so?" Happy that the kid seemed motivated to get stronger, Valyr decided to take a look at the kid's stats with [Greater Analysis] after asking the latter if he was fine with it. Getting a response back that it was fine, the young man went ahead and took a look at Edward's stats in greater detail, only for him to raise his eyebrows in slight surprise not long after. 'Well, color me surprised.' 'Noel really went all out on this kid.' Chapter 574: More than Prepared Ding! [Edward Jerome Imperio] Class: Civilian (Rank 0) . Species: Human Level: 10 Power Level: 294 (C+) Unused XP: 3,524 HP: 330/330 MP: 320/320 Attack: 70 - 70 Defense: 66 - 66 Stats: 33 VIT, 35 STR, 33 AGI, 35 DEX, 32 INT, 30 WIS, 33 PER, 28 LUK Remarks: Could give even those at Rank 1 a run for their money. Taking a close look at Edward's stats, Valyr inwardly sucked in a breath of cold air. After all, all of the kid's stats had exceeded his even after he had taken the entire set of Basic Reinforcement Elixir. 'Imperio, huh…' Though, after reminding himself that the kid would become the Grand Marshal of the Zeihardt Sovereignty in the future, the young man gradually calmed down, instead focusing his attention on the surname that appeared on the kid's status screen. From what he could recall from his past life, the Imperio surname used to be held in high regard by the entire human race, being renowned as one of the strongest Imperial clans under the Zeihardt clan. However, due to some unforeseen circumstances, the leader of the Imperio clan had made a grave mistake, reducing the entire clan to its current state in just over a thousand years. Fortunately, as if it was destined from the start, Edward's rise to fame revived the Imperio clan, allowing it to return to its previous standing as an Imperial clan thanks to the meritorious feats the man had achieved during the War of the Three Sovereignties. 'Though, with how Edward's stats are higher than what I had back then, I presume the Grand Marshal position wouldn't be his final stop.' Closing up the screen in front of him, the young man decided to tell Edward about the conversation he and Julian had, which made the kid frown at first. To him, any mention of the Nicholas clan brought a lot of bad memories to him. However, as Valyr talked more and more about it, Edward's expression went through multiple changes, eventually stopping on surprise and gratitude. After all, from what he had heard from the young man in front of him, he and his parents were now considered free from the Nicholas clan's grasp, returning their social status to citizens of the Algerie Kingdom. At this thought, tears started flow down Edward's face, not expecting such a turn of events to arrive so soon. Knowing that the kid was shedding tears of joy from the matter, the young man decided to leave Edward be for the meantime, excusing himself from the two as he made his way to his part of the room. … "I should really head to sleep soon." Lying down on his bed for a couple of minutes, Valyr eventually sat on the side of his bed as he began to transfer all of the items he used to store on his old spatial bracelet into his new one. Leaving the skill books he had just bought to the side, he then transferred a portion of the items he had bought earlier into his old spatial bracelet, deciding to re-purpose the bracelet as a backup. "I should really get my hands on spatial magic still." Taking a quick glance to see how Edward was doing, the young man could only smile once he saw the kid become more cheerful than ever as he stored the entire True Wyvern Armor into his new spatial bracelet. "Then again, this much space is more than enough for me for now." With all of the items he had prepared for the journey into the inheritance tomorrow already organized, Valyr took in a deep breath as he shifted his attention towards the stack of skill books beside him. Hearing Wells from the main living area tell him that he and Edward were to go eat dinner outside, the young man waited for the two of them leave before proceeding to comprehend the skill books he had bought. Ding! Ding! Ding! [You have gained the passive skill 'Innate Regeneration'.] [You have gained the passive skill 'Innate Energy Regeneration'.] [You have gained…] Having gone through the process of comprehending skill books many times back then, Valyr only felt a slight burden to his mind as the influx of information from the skills he had just learned bombarded his mind. With how much his strength had improved, his limits as to how many skills he could comprehend at once had also improved, allowing him to process and organize the knowledge he had gained without a problem. "Next up is to level them up and evolve them." Giving his mind some time to rest from the influx of information, the young man took a deep breath as he began to max out all of the skills he had gotten one by one. After that, he took a look at his skill list to see if there were any other skills that were left unleveled, eventually finding out that there were. Ding! [Would you like to consume 3 Common grade Skill Keys and 553,556 XP to upgrade 'Shadow Serpent Magic Style', 'Basic Shadow Energy Manipulation', and 'Basic Mystic Energy Manipulation' to Uncommon grade?] "Yes." Confirming the prompt that had appeared in front of him, Valyr made a note to take a look at the description of some of the skills in his list, recalling that he had still not looked at some of them after all this time. Two great examples of that would be [Shadow Serpent Magic Style] and [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], both of which the young man knew would prove definitely useful during his journey into the inheritance. Ding! Ding! Ding! Hearing a series of notification sounds resound in his mind, Valyr allowed the influx of information to inundate his mind as he felt his knowledge and understanding certain things to deepen. Then, after taking a considerably long break, he then upgraded all of the skills he had just bought and the three skills that were left unleveled to the peak of Uncommon grade. It was only at that moment did Valyr feel a great amount of burden on his mind, causing him to wryly smile. "Haah…" Nevertheless, having experienced far worse sensations in the past, the great mental burden he felt gradually subsided, which allowed Valyr to finally relax. Lying down on his bed as he decided to skip dinner for the night, the young man slowly closed his eyes as he asked himself whether he had forgotten anything important one last time. "Hmm... I do still have that vial of Might and the Outer Realm Scripture..." muttered the young man to himself as those two items came to mind. "I'll just bring them along with me into the inheritance in the off chance I need them." "Other than that, I'm pretty much more than prepared for tomorrow." Nevertheless, the answer he arrived at was more or less the exact opposite, allowing him to have a sound sleep as he fell into deep slumber minutes later. Chapter 575: The Day of Departure "Mngh…" Waking a couple hours earlier than he usually did, it took a while for Valyr to get out of bed. Though, once his consciousness finally came to, he swiftly went through his usual daily routine, changing into a fresh set of clothes half an hour after he had gotten up. 'Let's double check if I've forgotten anything.' With how early it was in the day, the young man made sure to not make a lot of noise whenever he moved. Taking a long look at his room, as well as the contents of his two spatial bracelets, Valyr eventually nodded in satisfaction after confirming that he had brought everything he would need. Briefly looking at both Wells and Edward soundly asleep in their respective parts of the room, a slight smile gradually crept up onto the young man's lips as he faintly chuckled. Making his way to the door, a thought popped up in Valyr's mind, prompting him to send a message to Wells before he left. "Take care of yourself and Edward, okay?" Feeling like their conversation yesterday and this message he had sent conveyed everything he needed to say, only then did the young man finally leave the inn, eventually arriving at the Blacksmith Guild sometime later. … "Ate breakfast yet?" Seeing a young man in casual clothes head to the Blacksmith Guild under the gradually disappearing moonlight, Julian flashed a grin as he greeted the young man. "With how important this day is for many people, I couldn't bring myself to take a detour." Greeting Julian back, Valyr flashed a wry smile as his stomach slightly rumbled all of a sudden. "Also, what's the status on the talks with the other directors?" "Still in the process of talking with them, but I believe they'll eventually agree." Bitterly smiling in response to his question, Julian took out something from his spatial bracelet before giving it to the young man. Seeing that the man gave him some food to munch on, Valyr did not hesitate to eat the whole thing, thanking Julian in the process. "It's just a matter of you getting out of the inheritance as soon as possible." "So, where are we heading?" Nodding as he finished the food he had been given in just a couple of minutes, the young man rubbed his stomach in relief as he asked this question. "The Imperial Production Guild," replied Julian as he began to head in the place's general direction. "All of us shall convene there before heading to where the inheritance is located." Nodding in understanding, the young man followed behind Julian as the two of them increased their pace. Pushing their speed to near the limits of what Valyr's AGI stat could handle, the two eventually arrived at the entrance of the Imperial Production Guild within a couple of minutes. … "To think you'd be the one escorting us to the inheritance this time around, Elder Faulerei." As both Valyr and Julian had arrived at the Imperial Production Guild, the two of them were slightly surprised that a group of people were already there. Though, with almost all of them having the insignia of the Imperial Production Guild on their clothing, that feeling swiftly disappeared. "I see Braum shall be accompanying us as well." "Glad to be seeing you again, Julian." Hearing his name be called, Braum looked in Julian's direction before giving the latter a wide grin. Not long after, he noticed the young man accompanying Julian, inwardly chuckling as he knew who he truly was. "I see you've also brought Ylvar as well." "Well, he is the guild's chosen candidate for the inheritance, after all," said Julian with a bit of laughter. Though, after that, his expression went solemn as he turned to look at Faulerei. "How long till the inheritance opens?" "Roughly two more hours," Faulerei responded, his expression neutral. "Let us wait for the other candidates to arrive before we depart." Hearing those words, Julian and Valyr looked at each other before slightly shrugging their shoulders. Initially, they thought that the others had already arrived before them while they made their way to the guild. Because of that, it was no surprise that the two of them hastened their paces, only for reality to be the exact opposite. Feeling that they would be waiting for quite some time, the two of them engaged in conversation with people they knew from the Imperial Production Guild. With that, Julian went ahead and talked with Elder Faulerei about topics other than the Four Pillars' Inheritance, while Valyr approached Braum and the others, catching up on what the other side had been doing. "Did you know Merdus is here?" While talking about the skirmish against the orcs after running out of topics to discuss, Braum posed this question to Valyr all of a sudden, causing the latter to look around. Fortunately, it did not take long for the former mayor of Clossbay City to appear in his field of vision, donning a full suit of armor that had the insignia of the Imperial Production Guild on it. "So, that's where he ended up after the arrest," said Valyr in response, nodding in understanding as he recalled the incident that transpired in Clossbay. Recalling what Braum had said back then, the young man felt like Merdus' current position made a lot of sense. "What happened to Lucas, though?" "He's at Clossbay," replied Madeline, one of the members of Braum's reconnaissance team. "Though we did arrest him for his crimes, the Hekaetos clan swiftly paid for his freedom after finding out his whereabouts." "If it's any consolation, not a lot of people frequent the Hekaetos Forging Emporium anymore," said Paul as he continued where Madeline left off. Then, with a knowing smile, he added, "As far as I've heard, something called the Crimson Forge is being frequented by more people recently?" "Is that so?" Chuckling at Paul's words, the group continued to talk a bit more about Merdus after that, telling Valyr about how he was initially a member of the lower-ranking reconnaissance teams of the guild. However, with his talent and strength, he was able to work his way up the ladder and become part of the guild's 4th Reconnaissance Team, which was one of the teams selected by the guild to accompany them on the journey to the Four Pillars' Inheritance. After that, not much conversation had occurred as the other candidates of the inheritance arrived one by one with their escorts a few minutes later. Seeing as all of the chosen candidates for the inheritance had gathered at the Imperial Production Guild's entrance, Elder Faulerei faintly nodded in satisfaction as he attracted the attention of everyone in the surroundings. "Before we depart for the inheritance, I have something to tell to the candidates that would enter the inheritance." At these words, Valyr and the others looked at Faulerei with curiosity. Though, once they heard the man's next words, smiles appeared on all of their faces. "The Imperial Production Guild… no. The entire human race thanks you four for allowing the Four Pillars' Inheritance to be finally explored in its entirety." . "With that…" "Let us depart!" Chapter 576: A Few Reminders Whoosh! At the very moment Faulerei had finished his words, a platform made out of mana appeared beneath the feet of everyone involved in the journey to the Four Pillars' Inheritance. Not long after, these platforms began to hover off the ground as everyone was forced to use their own mana to stabilize themselves. "Hold on tight." As Faulerei said these words, it did not take long for everyone else to realize that he had been the one to create the platforms. Though amazed at the level of strength the old man had shown them, everyone still focused their attention on stabilizing themselves as everyone began to head away from the kingdom under Faulerei's control. … Swoosh! Though Faulerei was controlling the platforms of over 30 people at once, the old man did not seem the least bit burdened as everyone zoomed through the vast plains on the outskirts of the Algerie Kingdom. For some, the sight outside the kingdom was something they were just seeing for the first time, causing them to look around with expressions of wonder and awe on their faces. As for Julian, Valyr, and a great portion of the reconnaissance teams part of the journey, they instead looked at the surroundings with a solemn expression. With how the orcs had infiltrated the Akashic Battlefield without anyone noticing less than two weeks earlier, all of them remained vigilant, reminding themselves that there was a chance for the orcs to ambush them along the way. After all, with how large their group was, and how they were heading further into the outskirts of the kingdom, the orcs would eventually realize that they were heading to somewhere important. Fortunately, during their entire journey, they did not come across any of the orcs whatsoever. Because of that, those from the reconnaissance team that remained vigilant all this time let out a long sigh of relief, considering that their purpose in coming along was to protect the candidates from any sudden ambushes. "We're here." Seeing that they had finally arrived at their intended location, Faulerei dispelled all of the platforms he had been controlling all this time, allowing everyone to explore their current surroundings in greater detail. Then again, for the most part, everyone quickly gathered the fact that they had arrived at what looked to be the inner depths of a considerably large forest. Though everyone was tempted to take a look at their current location through the system's map, Faulerei had made them swear an oath to not divulge any information regarding the inheritance's location to others. With that, almost all of them had shifted their attention towards the large structure before them. "A gate…" Muttering these words to himself, Valyr had a solemn expression on his face as he intently looked at what he felt to be the entrance to the inheritance. Made out of what looked to be locally-sourced stone, the structure looked like a gate inspired by gate designs usually found in the east part of the continent. Aside from that, a few stone wheels of varying sizes were embedded on the ground in a specific position in front of the gate, all of them containing exquisite carvings. After looking at the entire thing for a bit more, the young man began to wonder whether they had arrived at the right place, feeling nothing unique from the structure. At this point, many among the group began to feel like the entire thing felt like a large art piece made by a reclusive artist that wanted to leave a mark in the world. However, these thoughts all changed once Faulerei walked deeper into the structure, stepping on the largest stone wheel found in the center. "Haah!" Swoosh! As the old man flared the entirety of his aura, it was as if the structure had come to life. Out of nowhere, a ray of golden energy shone down on the large stone gate, only for this ray of energy to spread throughout the various stone wheels located throughout the place. One by one, the carvings on the stone wheels began to be filled with this golden energy, starting from the stone wheels that were farthest from the gate before making their way inward. Eventually, most of this golden energy congregated onto four stone wheels found on the four corners of the largest stone wheel, prompting Valyr and the other candidates to look at each other before nodding. "The entire structure has been gathering energy for the entire decade, all for the purpose of being opened once more." Nodding in satisfaction as he watched Valyr and the others step onto the four golden wheels, Faulerei looked at the others before deciding to explain more. "However, unlike other inheritances, which would open automatically on its own accord, this structure would only open once it has achieved two conditions: the first being the accumulation of enough energy, and the second being the aura of a Legend." At those words, the eyes of Valyr and the other three widened in surprise. Though they were amazed by the fact that Faulerei could still wield a lot of strength, thoughts of the old man being a Legend did not cross their minds at all. At most, they expected him to be an Epic, or at least be close to becoming a Legend. "Now, with the four candidates having taken their respective spots, the entrance to the Four Pillars' Inheritance will open once I leave this spot." Glancing at Valyr and the others for a bit, Faulerei continued his explanation, this time addressing it to the four.
