just a couple of moves. Though the people in uniforms, just like him, were stronger than the masses due to their job needing it, with some picking up combat experience before being hired, it only delayed the inevitable for them. Just like the people that came before them, they turned into nothing but a puddle of flesh and blood, staining the ground a crimson red. "Graaaahhhh!!!" Seeing as his body wanted to at least avenge the ones that had fallen before him, the man decided to go all in on what might just be his final attack, infusing all of the energy that remained within his body, channeling it towards his saber alongside the Intent he had used earlier. "Intent of the Mountains!" "[Mountain Cleaving Saber]!" Bang! Wanting to make sure that every possible ounce of strength he had in his body was sent through the saber he wielded, the man seemed to have a new state of comprehension, pushing his understanding of his Intent one step further. Naturally, this delighted the man, surprised that he would make a breakthrough in the midst of battle. However, just as he thought that the improvement to his Intent would be more than enough to at least deal a bit of damage to the five… "Truly useless…" Whoosh! Bang! "Gah!" The man's attack was casually dispelled once more by the being at the center, looking at the four other beings that accompanied it for a bit before proceeding to send out a punch in the man's direction. Infusing it with all the strength and comprehension it could muster, the being's punch landed squarely on the man's chest, forming a hole as the man was sent flying. Thud. Falling to the ground a fair distance away from the five beings with a thud, the man tried to get up once more, a look of fear and desperation appearing on his face once he noticed the large gaping hole that now existed on his chest. Feeling energy gradually disappearing from his body, the man pushed his body to stand up… Only to breathe out his last once he did. "With that, there are no more witnesses." Staring at the man that died while standing up, the being at the center eventually turned around to look at the large portal that existed behind them, feeling the connection it had to another space. "Gaar, are you sure we've killed all of the humans within this area?" Looking at one of the beings beside him, the being at the center threw a question. "Gaar made sure no one escaped." Hearing the question, Gaar nodded in response. "If you want to be really sure, Gaar suggest you ask Kraag as well." "Kraag also made sure no escaped." Hearing his name being mentioned, the being named Kraag backed up Gaar's claims. "Went around the perimeter to kill all humans that tried to escape." "Don't worry too much about it, Meirat. They made sure they did their job well." Just as the being at the center was about to ask yet another within their group if none of the humans had escaped, one of them decided to put the being's mind at ease. "I know this is your first mission from the Emperor himself, but don't sweat too much on the details." "Plus, as one of Khorza'an's Chosen, shouldn't you trust in your comrades more?" "Hreig…" Meirat, the one that had been asking questions all this time, looked at the man that spoke up for the others. After becoming silent for a while, he slightly nodded before letting out a low sigh. "I got too caught up in the details." "How much time do you think we have till other humans are notified of this incident, Murak?" Staring at the last being that had yet to speak out, Meirat threw out a question at him. "From the information we've been given on how long the humans' shifts are, about four hours, give or take." Briefly glancing at Meirat, Murak spat out an answer that prompted the former to nod in response. "Guess we have to make the most out of it." Taking in a deep breath, Meirat moved closer to the rift that led to the Akashic Battlefield, with Hreig and the others swiftly followed him. Looking at one another as they nodded, the five shouted in unison before proceeding to enter the rift. "For Emperor Khorza'an and the prosperity of the Empire!" "Long live the Emperor!" Whoosh! Chapter 444: Entering Point Devann MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Disappearing from the vicinity of the rift at the very moment they stepped in, Meirat and the others soon felt their bodies being enveloped by a unique energy that allowed them to travel safely in space. Taking note of this, Meirat looked at Murak, who looked back at him as the two of them soon nodded at each other. Swoosh! "Mngh…" Resisting the pull of the energy surrounding them as much as possible, Murak was eventually able to extend both of his hands outward, sending a great portion of his mana circulating through it as the energy that was covering all five of them gradually lost its strength to send them to their intended location. "You don't get to see the fabric of space this up close very often," said Hreig as he gave Murak a thumbs up. Seeing what he had done, Gaar and Kraag also gave Murak a thumbs up, though the latter ignored all of them as he focused on the space surrounding them. "Intent of the Void." Whoosh! Attuning himself to the energy he had become familiar with thanks to his intent, the mana Murak was circulating through his extended arms gradually took on the property of the energy that existed throughout the space they were currently in. Making sure that the unique energy protecting them at the moment wasn't dispelled, Murak then utilized the mana he had just converted to try and change their intended location. "[Calling of the Void]." "[Ten Dimensions, One Space]." Swoosh! Gesturing in the air for quite some time whilst chanting a few words that seemed to resonate with the mana he had control over, a set of six portals soon appeared in front of the five, giving them a brief glimpse of the locations that they could possibly end up appearing in. "From left to right, these portals are ordered from the weakest general aura to the strongest general aura." Taking in a few deep breaths as he made sure he had control over the portals and the energy, Murak turned around to look at the other four that were with him, only to shift his gaze towards Meirat. "Where are we going to appear first, Meirat?" "Hmm…" Rubbing his chin for a bit, Meirat thought back to the goal of the mission that had been given to him, which was to try and inflict as much damage to the human race as possible after infiltrating the Akashic Battlefield. Of course, as a new member of Khorza'an's Chosen, he was going to try his best to make sure that would be the case. "How strong is the general aura in that portal?" Pointing at the portal that was at the fourth position in line, Meirat threw a question at Murak. "Roughly around the early and middle levels of Rank 4." Closing his eyes for a bit, Murak gave Meirat the answer he wanted. "And the portal to the right?" "Near the peak levels of Rank 4. A great portion of them even having Intents." "Let's head to the first portal I asked about. Also, make sure that we appear as far away from the humans as possible." As these words came out of Meirat's mouth, the four swiftly nodded as Murak made use of the converted mana once more, changing the intended location of the unique energy surrounding their bodies all this time to that of the location Meirat suggested. Taking a couple minutes to fully reconfigure the unique energy, Murak eventually allowed it to pull on their bodies once more, now taking them to the location Meirat had chosen. "Now that I think about it, why'd you choose that portal?" Catching his breath after spending most of his energy manipulating the fabric of space itself, Murak looked at Meirat and asked him a question. "Even though you're only at Rank 4, wouldn't you still be able to defeat those at Rank 5 without a problem?" "I would be able to." Meirat nodded in response. "However, the reason why I chose this portal instead of the one with the Rank 5 aura is to try and eliminate a great portion of talented Rank 4 beings. After all, with how aggressive the other orcs are fighting for the empire, it's only a matter of time before the Rank 5 humans would need to be replaced by other Rank 5 humans?" "And where would they get that?" "I see…" Though Murak thought that there was a couple of flaws to Meirat's logic, he decided not to refute it since he was only following the orders of Khorza'an's Chosen. As for Meirat, after he was finished explaining it to Murak, he soon realized that there seemed to be a few problems to his idea. However, he was still going to stick to it since his strength was more than enough to slay even those in the middle of Rank 4 with one hit. Being one of Khorza'an's Chosen, that meant that he would need to have a Rare class at the very least, which meant that he would have a level of strength far exceeding those in the same rank as him. Though, rather than have the bare minimum Rare class, he instead had an Epic class, allowing him to surmount large gaps in strength without much problem, especially with him being born with innate strength. Believing in himself as he was one of Khorza'an's Chosen, as well as the strength he had cultivated so far through his Epic class, Meirat believed that they would be able to complete the mission with an incredibly high level of success under his leadership. After all… Who in the humans' side could possibly be stronger than him? … Whoosh! "I told you we should have gone to Point Devann in the first place." "I did say we were heading to Point Caelion so I could do a bit of warm-up and find out my limits." "And killing only a few dozen monsters before deciding to move on is considered a warm-up?" "…haah. Could you just help me find an area within this point that might have Legendary Elites?" "Fine, fine. I'll go ahead and ask around." "Thank you." Chapter 445: The Next Tier MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "I wonder what's taking him so long…" Waiting by the stone platform where everyone entering Point Devann appeared on, Valyr watched multiple passersby come and go, taking note of some of their expressions from time to time. "A lot of people have serious faces for some reason." Eventually, after waiting for a time far longer than he had expected, Zeik had come back to where he was, with the young man thinking that the former finally had the answers to his questions. However, rather than have a neutral or calm expression like he always did, Zeik instead had a slightly grim expression on his face as he looked at Valyr. "What's wrong? Was there not any information on the site?" Naturally, after seeing the man's expression, Valyr stood up and moved closer, a slight frown adorning his face as he wondered what was going on. "There is. Don't worry about that part," Zeik reassured him, only for his expression to turn even more grim as he continued. "However, I've heard reports from some of the merchants in the outpost of a certain sighting out in the battlefield." "To think the rumors are true." Muttering these words to himself, the man softly shook his head as he let out a sigh. "The kingdom is definitely not going to be happy once they hear about this." "What did you hear from the merchants?" Though he was inwardly relieved that he would be able to upgrade his title to higher levels, Valyr decided to place that thought at the back of his head for now as he focused on the other topic Zeik had mentioned. "Wait… don't tell me…" "Julian was right in having me accompany you to this place." Hearing these words come out of Zeik's mouth, Valyr had more or less confirmed the possibility he had come up with, causing his expression to turn grim as well. "Orcs have infiltrated the Akashic Battlefield?" Deciding to not waste time, Zeik proceeded to make his way to one of the official exits, with Valyr following behind him. Along the way, the young man picked up where their conversation had left off. "Yeah. A group of five orcs have been seen in Point Devann's battlefields, specifically the latter sites." Nodding in response, Zeik slightly hastened his steps, prompting Valyr to follow suit. "It's quite surprising to think that the orcs appeared just as we had appeared in Point Devann." "I was definitely not expecting Julian's words to become true, to say the least." Valyr briefly shrugged his shoulders. "In any case, what's the plan now?" "Well, since your original intention in heading to the Akashic Battlefield is to gain some combat experience, you go ahead and continue doing that." Saying these words, Zeik then told Valyr the directions to the site within Point Devann that would have the monsters he needed, which was Site 2-S. "As for me…" Once he was done giving Valyr directions to Site 2-S, a wry smile appeared on Zeik's face. "Though I have been tasked by Julian to be your escort, as a commander of the guild's Combat Specialist Division, I'm considered one of the many protectors of the kingdom when it comes to invading foes." "With that, we'll have to go our separate ways for now." At these words, Zeik went silent for a bit as multiple thoughts lingered in his head. After a while, he brought up a screen in front of him and began to interact with it, only for a notification sound to resound in Valyr's mind a few seconds later. Ding! [Zeik Verrthorne (Lvl. 89) has sent you a friend request. Would you like to accept?] Slightly confused as to why Zeik would send him a friend request all of a sudden, Valyr looked at the man, who instantly understood what the latter was trying to ask through his gaze. "This is so we could still maintain a sense of communication between us even though we're separated," said Zeik in response. "It'll also allow you to be up to date on the situation regarding the orcs within Point Devann. With that, if things go south, I want you to drop what you're doing and leave the Akashic Battlefield as soon as possible. Relay everything that happened here to Julian, got it?" "You make it sound like you might die." Though a frown adorned his face, Valyr respected the man's decision, nodding as he committed the instruction to memory. "As a Rank 5 class holder, surely you won't be defeated by a small group of orcs, right?" "I definitely have a high chance of escaping, that's for sure." Zeik laughed in response. "Either way, I won't push my luck while fighting against them." "After all, I still have to fight you sometime in the future." Leaving those parting words, Zeik bade farewell to the young man, faintly smiling as he waved goodbye. After that, he disappeared from the young man's field of vision within seconds, pushing his movement speed to its utmost limits to reach the orcs as soon as possible. Whoosh! Allowing the strong gust of wind generated by Zeik's movements to blow over him, Valyr looked in the general direction as to where his escort was heading for a while before deciding to head to Site 2-S. "I wonder if I could be of any help to the situation…" … "Finally made it." Slightly gasping for air as he had arrived, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief once he had found a sea of bears appear before him, all of which had auras that far surpassed even the strongest golems that existed within Site 9 of Point Caelion. As he sifted through the bears' strengths through the use of [Greater Analysis], he thought about how the general landscape of the Akashic Battlefield confused his sense of direction. "I should really frequent this place more often. Can't just rely on my past life's memories." Softly chuckling to himself, he thought about how he began to head in a different direction from Zeik, thinking that he was heading in a direction that would lead him straight to Site 2-S. However, what instead happened was he gradually veered away from his original course, eventually finding himself in Site 4, where some people were helpful enough to lead him to where he needed to go. "Of course, even after being helped out by other people in the area, I still ended up getting lost." Muttering these words to himself, he thought about how he continued to veer more and more away from Site 2-S, eventually finding himself in Site 11-S, which was considered the most dangerous site within Point Devann. Aside from all of the monsters within the site being at the peak of Rank 4, the weakest among them was at Ancient Elite tier, with the strongest among them even having formed their own Intents. Naturally, Valyr swiftly got away from the site, thankfully stumbling across Site 2-S around 20 minutes later after reaching Site 11-S. "Thankfully, these bears are separated from one another. If not, I'd probably be facing against a bunch of them right now." Humming a little tune as he continued to sift through the sea of bears that existed within Site 2-S, Valyr eventually found the exact monster he needed to fight against, taking in a deep breath as he took a look at its stats. Ding! [Fulgurite Bear (Legendary Elite)] (Level 60) Class: Lightning Bear (Uncommon) HP: 14,336/14,336 MP: 10,432/10,432 Stats: 448 VIT, 448 STR, 448 AGI, 448 DEX, 326 INT, 326 WIS, 151 PER, 135 LUK Skills: [Fulgurite Claw Arts], [Basic Lightning Magic Style], [Intermediate Lightning Affinity], [Intermediate Mana Affinity], [Basic Spellcasting], [Basic Magical Damage Resistance],… Remarks: Literally the definition of fast and deadly while you're up against it. "The high agility is going to be a bit of a problem…" Scratching his head as he thought about how he would go about killing the bear he had chosen, a slight smirk eventually crept up onto his lips as a foolproof plan surfaced in his mind. "Then again, I have the initiative." Thud! Jumping in a certain direction that would allow the Legendary Elite tier Fulgurite Bear to be within a hundred meters from him, Valyr landed on the ground with a solid thud, attracting the attention of some of the Fulgurite Bears, only to then be ignored by them soon after. "Grooooaaarrrr!!!" On the other hand, the Fulgurite Bear he was aiming to kill had been enraged to its utmost limit thanks to Valyr's small move. Within seconds, its eyes gained a crimson red sheen as its aura ballooned to reach a level of power that the young man thought would be difficult to defeat in normal circumstances. Whoosh! Just like its name implied, the Fulgurite Bear swiftly closed the distance between the two of them with its high agility, with small sparks starting to form around its slightly yellowish fur. However, before these sparks could even culminate into anything… Valyr made his move. "[Intermediate Fire Magic Style: Blazing Vigor]." "[Limit Break]." "[Offense Aura+]." "[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]." Swoosh! In less than an instant, Valyr's offensive capabilities rose to a level that instilled a small sliver of fear within the Fulgurite Bear. Yet even with that sliver of fear lingering within it, the bear continued to dash in the young man's direction, trusting in its newfound strength to be able to eradicate the fear it felt once and for all. As for Valyr, seeing that the bear still remained on its path to kill him, he took in a deep breath, extending out his spear at the very moment the distance between them was close enough for the spear tip to touch the Fulgurite Bear's head. "[Shadow Serpent Style]." "[Strike of the Venomous Night]." Bang! … … … Ding! [With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.] [You have slain a Level 60 Mana Stone Golem (Mythic Elite). You have gained 990,375 XP.] [Slaying Mythic Elite beings with your weapon, you have demonstrated that you have what it takes to upset the natural order of the world. You have what it takes to upset the balance and bring forth a new era under your strength.] [Due to the feat you have achieved, your title 'True Elite IV' has been upgraded to 'Slayer of Ascendants'.] Chapter 446: Slayer Of Ascendants MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith Gazing at the Fulgurite Bear, whose head had exploded into bits under the force generated by his attack, Valyr let out a long and drawn-out sigh as he slowly retracted his spear back, shaking off the blood that stuck onto it as he affixed it to his back once more. Then, after making sure that there weren't any other Fulgurite Bears in the vicinity, the young man distanced himself from the sea of monsters once more, allowing any nearby Fulgurite Bears to take a bite at the corpse he had left behind. "I guess this is the final upgrade to the title, huh." Finally taking a look at the notifications he had received after killing the enraged Fulgurite Bear, Valyr was surprised that the title had finally reached its final upgrade. Though, at the same time, he was somewhat disappointed, considering that there were far more tiers
