possible in the first place. Even as he stood up and walked around the surroundings to see if there was a limit to the space, he could not distinguish which part was the floor, the wall, or the ceiling at all. To him, it was as if he was looking at a blank white screen. "Let me try and recall what happened before I got here." Seeing as there was not much point in walking around, even after pushing his body to his utmost limit in terms of speed, Valyr eventually decided to sit down and mull over how he had entered this place, tracing his steps back to when the large parchment and the tattered parchment from the demilich's robe had fused together. "After the two parchments fused together, the extra portions of the parchments dissipated into thin air, with a large triangular piece of parchment being the only thing remaining on it," muttered Valyr as he thought out loud. "Then, out of nowhere, the triangular parchment shrunk in size, transforming into a piece of parchment that could fit within my palm, even though all of the runes were still there." "After that, since I was curious as to what the true purpose of the magic circle on the parchment was, I moved closer to grab the parchment and look at it…" At this point of his train of thought, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he let out a faint sigh. "But what happened after that was me appearing in this white space." "Well, that definitely helped out with sorting my thoughts, but not really helping out in giving me the answer as to why I'm here." Sitting in silence for a bit as he looked at his surroundings once more to see if anything would change, Valyr eventually commanded the system to bring up his notification screen, thinking that he might obtain a clue to his current situation. Ding! "For one, the quest is completed." With the notification sound resounding in his mind, the young man faintly nodded as he read through the notifications he received regarding the completion of the quest. "If that's the case, then I guess this is my reward for completing it." "Eligible to meet with the Sage of Erudition…" Muttering out these words, Valyr rummaged through his memories to see if he had come across a being like that back when he was a player, only to come up empty-handed soon after. "Some other player probably came across this guy and kept it a secret," said Valyr to himself as he thought about a couple possibilities as to why he had not come across the being in the past. "Or perhaps he wasn't even in the public release in the first place." "Either way, I'm incredibly curious as to who this Sage of Erudition is." "Curious, huh?" Hearing a voice behind him respond to his question, Valyr tensed up as his eyes briefly widened in shock, the gears in his mind turning at their fastest as he wondered when the owner of the voice had appeared. Continuing to remain vigilant, the young man gradually turned to look in the direction of the voice's origin, only to find a certain being sitting on what seemed to be a throne made out of carved marble. As for the owner of the voice he had just heard, it was a man that looked to be three heads taller than Valyr, wearing a set of clothes that would be best described as a white tuxedo that had a few gold trimmings and adornments here and there. Aside from that, multiple lines that glistened a faint blue coursed throughout the man's olive green skin, forming a distinct contrast of color that surprisingly complimented the man's ash gray hair and golden yellow eyes. "After waiting for so long, a human has finally succeeded in completing my trial." Whilst Valyr was still wondering where the man had come from, the latter decided to speak out of his own accord. "In fact, you are the first one to do so ever since I created the trial." "I'm the first one? Really?" Unsurprisingly, Valyr felt a hint of disbelief at the man's claim, recalling that the dungeons of the Lesser Meltierre Mountains had been established by the Meltierre Empire a long time ago. "If you don't mind me asking, when did you create the trial?" Surely, a trial made by the man would have been created at around the same time, no? Surprisingly, no. "Around a decade ago, if my memory serves me correctly," said the man to Valyr, leaving the latter with his mouth slightly agape as he felt even more disbelief. However, as he continued to look at the tall man on the throne and his stern expression, Valyr's doubts regarding the matter gradually faded away. After all, why would the man need to lie to him about something like that? "Though I still have a small hint of doubt regarding your words, I won't ask about it any further," said Valyr while the man continued to look at him. "Instead, I would like to ask… who are you?" "Who am I?" At those words, the man flashed a faint smile. "Surely the system has already mentioned to you my identity, has it not?" "Are you the one that's called the Sage of Erudition, then?" Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity as he asked back. "That is indeed me." The man nodded. "However, that title barely scratches the surface of who I am and what my achievements are." "I am the innovator and pioneer of a certain field of magic many in the world swear their life by." "I am the creator of a fighting style that caused millions on the battlefield to shudder at its sight." "I am the pinnacle of magic, the pinnacle of strength, and the pinnacle of intelligence in one entity." "My name is An'xhur Khagarax, the Sage of Erudition." "An'xhur Khagarax…" While listening to the man's introduction, Valyr focused on the man's name, feeling like he had heard the man's name somewhere before. However, after pondering over it for a bit, he realized that it was not the man's name that was familiar, but the man's surname instead. After a while, a thought surfaced in his mind as he looked at An'xhur with a solemn expression. "Are you… an orc?" As this question left Valyr's mouth, An'xhur looked back at him for a bit before nodding. "Partly. I am what you would call a half-orc." "A half-orc…" Though Valyr had only come across a few half-orcs in his journey in Greater Beyond back when he was a player, all of them were considered famed existences in their own right, all boasting strength greater than an orc and intelligence greater than a human. With such a combination, their names were known throughout multiple planets and star systems, with some even being known throughout galaxies. Taking in a deep breath to collect his thoughts, Valyr decided to shift the topic away from An'xhur's species. "You being a half-orc aside, what is the purpose behind this trial? What is the purpose behind this meeting of ours?" "If you're pertaining to the collection of the runic parchments as the trial, then you could say that it was my method of assessing someone who had the strength and intelligence necessary to act out the task I would ask of them." An'xhur looked at Valyr with a calm and cool expression. "After all, it's no easy feat for even a Rank 2 class holder like you to clear the Rare Abyss. Even more so if you take into consideration the methods of obtaining the two remaining runic parchments." 'But I didn't really put much thought into those…' Listening to An'xhur's words, Valyr briefly thought about how he had not really put much effort into obtaining the last two parchments. Though, he tossed those thoughts aside for now as the man continued talking. "As for this meeting we're holding at the moment, it is to relay to you the task which I shall ask of you," said An'xhur. "Though you are free to decline after listening to my task, I'd suggest listening to everything first before making your decision." "I am all ears, then." Taking An'xhur's words to heart, Valyr faintly nodded. "So, what's the task that you want me to do?" "At your current level of strength, it is by no means simple, but I assure you that you will reap a lot out of it once you accomplish it." "And the task would be…?" "That would be to exact revenge on my killer," said An'xhur, his expression still calm as always. Chapter 394: Coming To Terms "Exact revenge on your killer, huh…" Hearing the words An'xhur spoke to him, Valyr faintly nodded in response, thinking that a request like An'xhur's would naturally warrant a level of privacy in a meeting like the one they were holding right now. Though, as he thought about it a bit further, it was only then did the man's words truly sink into Valyr's mind, causing him to look at the half-orc with eyes slightly widened in disbelief as he asked, "You're dead?" As these words left his mouth, Valyr felt that the man before him being dead would be the greatest irony in existence. After all, judging from the aura that the man was passively emanating while they were talking, Valyr was more than certain that the power the man held was indeed more than enough to create the parchments he had been collecting in those three subsequent dungeon runs. Even looking at the man made him instinctively shrink back a bit in fear, giving him further evidence as to believe that An'xhur was at least a Legend, if not a Myth. Yet, against all odds, An'xhur responded to Valyr's two word question with a bitter smile, letting out a long sigh before nodding. "Indeed. I may have done a lot of exemplary things throughout my life to cause a great revolution to happen to the masses, but in the end, I was still felled before I could even react." "Before you could even react? Surely you would have been able to deal at least a bit of damage against your assailant, no?" Slightly tilting his head in confusion at a certain phrase in An'xhur's statement, Valyr continued to look at the man with a look of disbelief. After all, in a world like Veldanyr, Legends and Myths were considered invincible, able to live the entirety of their potential lives without a problem. "I was able to retaliate, yes." Noticing the disbelief in both the young man's expression and tone, An'xhur continued to adopt a bitter smile on his face as he replied. "However, would what I did even be considered retaliation? Is it truly considered retaliation if your killer still remains living to this very day?" Whoosh! Just as Valyr felt inclined to tell An'xhur that the latter's current show of strength made him feel like the killer would have already been long dead under the latter's presence, An'xhur's aura underwent a swift change, with the tyranny and oppression that came along with a high class rank Valyr felt from the man gradually disappearing. Instead, what replaced it was an aura he was incredibly familiar with, an aura that only served to make Valyr realize that An'xhur was not lying when the latter said that he was killed. "The aura of death…" With a slight frown adorning his face, Valyr watched as the aura of death gradually took over the feeling of tyranny and oppression he felt while interacting with An'xhur, eventually reaching a point where the aura of death emanating from the man saturated every nook and cranny of the white space they were currently in. "Apologies if my earlier appearance caused you to doubt my words." Taking in a deep breath after everything was done, An'xhur looked at Valyr with a slightly apologetic expression. "It was not my intention to deceive you into thinking that I was still alive and was about to give you an impossible task." "If anything, the task I wish to ask upon you is as true as my demand for it to become a reality," said An'xhur, causing Valyr's expression to become solemn. "In fact, even this meeting with you was incredibly difficult for me to pull off, considering that only a small wisp of my original soul remains in this world, which is what you're interacting with at the moment, as well as the only thing connecting me to this world before I truly disappear." "If anything, you could say that I am entirely betting on the fact that you would accept my task during this meeting, even if there is the possibility that you may reject my proposition at the end of it all." At these words, Valyr went silent, his eyebrows furrowed as he went ahead and processed all of the information he had just obtained from An'xhur. Seeing that the young man was thinking over everything before continuing their conversation, An'xhur decided to remain silent, giving Valyr the time to think as the aura of death surrounding him subtly yet gradually grew more dense the more time passed. Eventually, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he let out a slightly exasperated sigh, returning his gaze back to An'xhur as he continued where their conversation left off. "At this point, I've more or less accepted everything you've told me so far. The fact that you've created this trial around a decade ago, as well as the fact that I'm currently talking to someone dead." "If you could humor me for a moment, how strong were you before you died?" Though Valyr felt like laughing at the absurdity of the situation, his expression still remained as solemn as ever, prompting An'xhur to nod back as he opened his mouth. "At my strongest, I was a being that had transcended the level of mortality. If my memory still continues to serve me correctly, I had a Rank 6 class before my death, my progress in it being halfway to ascending to the next class rank." At these words, Valyr swiftly extrapolated the man's strength before his death, which unsurprisingly made him feel that the current situation was all the more absurd. Nevertheless, he kept those thoughts to himself as he merely nodded in response, instead moving onto a different topic that would allow him to gain more information regarding the matter. "Would it be possible to hear from you as to how everything had gotten to this point?" "Of course, now that I've heard more from you, I feel somewhat more inclined to accept your task. However, my efforts would prove useless if I were to go in blindly in proceeding through it, no?" "That is true." Listening to Valyr's words, a slight apologetic smile appeared on An'xhur's face as he nodded. "I have been focused on persuading you to aid my cause all this time that I even forgot to tell the one that would accept my task the most important thing for them to know." After that, An'xhur took in a deep breath as he sorted out his thoughts in silence. "Now, where should I begin my narration…?" Chapter 395: A Sage’s History "I guess it would be best if I were to start from the very beginning." Answering the question that came out of his own mouth, An'xhur came to a decision as he willed the space to transform to his liking, causing a chair made out of the material making up the white space to appear just a fair distance away from where An'xhur sat. "Please sit." "Now that I think about it, I haven't gotten your name, human." "You may call me Valyr," said Valyr as he sat down on the chair An'xhur conjured. "Valyr Zeihardt." "A human from the Zeihardt clan?" Raising his eyebrows in brief interest, the half-orc looked at Valyr for a bit before his gaze returned to the way it was before, though a wry smile now adorned his face. "It seems the heavens have finally decided to take a bit of pity on me." "Anyways…" Whoosh! While Valyr was wondering when the man before him would start his introduction, An'xhur took in a deep breath as the aura of death surrounding his body briefly dissipated, only for a small ball of blue light to manifest in front of the half-orc a few seconds later. With a slight frown adorning his face, the half-orc extended his arms towards the ball of blue light, infusing some of his energy into it. In response, the ball of light grew in size, transforming into a considerably sized sphere that hovered only a couple tens of centimeters away from where Valyr sat. "I shall now begin my narration." Letting out a somewhat exhausted sigh as he slumped in his seat, An'xhur quickly returned to his usual sitting posture before gazing at the young man that sat the opposite the sphere that now separated them. Extending one of his arms into the sphere, An'xhur caused an image to appear within the sphere as he took in a deep breath. "Back then, the Khagarax Empire of the orcs and the Meltierre Empire of the humans had a great relationship with one another," said An'xhur, flashing a few images of friendly interactions between humans and orcs through the sphere for Valyr to see. "It was to the point that the Meltierre Empire would send some of their greatest humans to the Khagarax Empire to learn of orc culture, while the Khagarax Empire would do the same thing some point in the future after, sending some of their finest orc warriors to learn of human culture." "It was during those times that my father had come across my mother, instantly falling in love with her at first sight." At these words, An'xhur changed the images on the sphere to show a couple that greatly doted on one another, even though they vastly differed in race. With what An'xhur had told him, it did not surprise Valyr that the man was an orc, taking note of the fact that he wore what would be considered the usual warrior get-up, which only consisted of a loincloth and a belt made out of string and teeth from large beasts. Aside from that, Valyr also took note that the orc was considered handsome even when compared to human standards, sporting a pair of golden yellow eyes that formed a contrast to the man's tanned olive green skin and dark brown hair tied up into a bun as a deep scar ran from the man's right cheek to the center of his neck. As for the woman, the young man felt that the word beautiful was far from enough to describe the otherworldly beauty he saw on the sphere. Wearing a red long-sleeved dress, the woman had a beauty mark under her right eye, while her lips was as red, if not more red than the dress she wore. Unlike the orc, who had his hair tied into a bun, the woman had her ash gray tied into a messy ponytail, which complemented her deep blue eyes in a way that formed a somewhat jarring yet aesthetic contrast, considering her clothing and makeup. "On the sphere is a picture of my mother and my father." An'xhur looked at Valyr, who seemed to have his attention focused on the sphere at the moment. "As I've mentioned earlier, I am a half-orc, so one of my parents would have to be a human, which in this case would be my mother." "Would it be possible for me to know their identities?" Looking at An'xhur, Valyr posed a question to the man, prompting the former to become silent for a bit before eventually nodding. ee. "I would have to inform you of my father's identity at some point for you to get a better idea of how things came to be, so I don't find any problem with that. However, I'll have to refrain talking about my mother for now," said An'xhur in response, to which Valyr responded that it was fine. Seeing that the young man had respected his decision, An'xhur nodded once more before continuing. "The name of my father is Me'ierad Inryzaat Khagarax, the current ruler of the Khagarax Empire. Then again, I am not certain if he is still the current ruler of the Khagarax Empire, given how a decade has already passed since my death." Hearing the name An'xhur mentioned to him, Valyr's eyes briefly widened in surprise, not expecting that a quest he had gotten out of nowhere would have a connection to the Khagarax Empire. In fact, if his mind had served correctly, he was certain that Me'ierad was the emperor that ruled the empire before the current emperor, the latter being the emperor that decided to turn hostile towards the humans. Seeing as Valyr was finished processing the information he had just received, An'xhur continued where he left off. "At some point in their loving relationship, I had been born, being blessed with a level of intelligence and talent far greater than what an ordinary human would have, as well as being gifted with a level of strength that made even other orcs envious." "Because of this, my father and mother had decided to name me An'xhur. An'xhur is the word for 'hope' in the language of the orcs, Khagaros." "Then, a couple years after my birth, another child would be born." "The one that would eventually lead me to my current situation." Chapter 396: The Genius And The Envious "Apologies for interrupting you in the middle of your narration." Feeling that An'xhur had skipped quite a few hoops in his story, Valyr decided to ask the man if he could go over every part in detail. "It's just that I feel like you've missed out quite an important detail in your story. Would it be possible for you to go into more detail regarding your birth before the
