entire room as she sat near the door. "Not a clue." Alfaera shook her head. "Then again, since he's gone outside the village to take a look at where the monster tide is currently at, it's probably something related to that." "Probably." Briefly shrugging his shoulders at her words, Damian soon returned his attention to the document he was looking through, only to place it down once he noticed that the door had been swung open. With both Damian and Alfaera focusing their sights onto the being that opened the door, the two of them did not expect Tristan to bring along another person with him, the aura the other person emanated giving off the feeling to the two that his strength far surpassed theirs in every aspect. Sporting a set of short ash gray hair, the other person that came along with Tristan seemed to be in his early forties, with wrinkles and dark spots occupying a few spots on his face as these features told the two that the man was already his prime age. Nevertheless, this feeling was quickly canceled out by the few scars that littered the sides of the man's face, with a deep one running down from the left side of his forehead to his left cheek. Even though the man was wearing casual clothes, these features instead made both Damian and Alfaera think that they were looking at a battle-hardened warrior, the aura they felt from him earlier only making them even more certain of that fact. "Is he the reason why you called us out here, Tristan?" Seemingly getting an idea of why Tristan had called the two of them, Damian went ahead and initiated the conversation, proceeding to ask a question to his good friend. In response, Tristan's eyes widened for a bit, not expecting his friend to catch on so quickly. Soon after, he nodded before replying, "Yeah. While I was taking a look at the monster tide from afar, this man appeared out of nowhere, telling me that he was on a mission to help villages defend against monster tides." Noticing that both Damian and Alfaera had slightly doubtful expressions on their faces as he said this, Tristan went ahead and explained himself. "At first, I was skeptical, just like the two of you right now. However, after he had showed me a few of his moves, I can tell you without a doubt that he has the same level of power as you and I, Damian. He'll be of great help in the upcoming monster tide." "Is that so?" Still skeptical, Damian decided to focus his gaze on the middle-aged man behind Tristan and ask the man a few questions of his own. "Would it be possible to know your name?" "Aidan." The middle-aged man responded succinctly, instantly giving Damian the feeling that he was a man of a few words. "What is your current class rank?" "Rank 2." "What weapon do you use in combat?" "The spear." "Are you really on a mission to help villages defend against monster tides?" "Yes." "You're not doing this for anything else in exchange?" "I am not." "Hmm…" Though Damian had asked what he thought to be all of the questions he needed to ask to ascertain whether the man's motive was legitimate or not, he still felt like something was off. "Why not have him show his skills in front of us?" Noticing the hesitation on Damian's face whether to accept the help or not, Alfaera stepped forward and gave him a suggestion. "After all, Tristan had already seen his skills, so our doubts might disappear once we see them as well." Briefly scratching his head for a bit as he pondered over it, Damian eventually nodded as he let out a faint sigh, proceeding to talk with Alfaera regarding areas where the man could showcase his skills in front of them. Surprisingly, in the midst of the conversation between the two, Tristan let out a faint giggle, causing the two to look at him as they asked him what was funny. Though he tried his best to suppress it, Tristan instead let out a bit more laughter in response to the question, with the middle-aged man accompanying him laughing soon after. At this point, both Damian and Alfaera both had somewhat grim expressions on their faces as they felt confused as to what was going on. Thankfully, the confusion they felt would swiftly disappear as Tristan said not long after, "Alright, alright. Let's stop here." "Mind revealing your true identity, Aidan?" "I was waiting for you to say that." Grinning, the man's appearance started to morph into something else, causing both Damian and Alfaera to stare at the man as they gradually found the man's original appearance to be familiar. By the time the man was done, Alfaera and Damian had their mouths open so wide that it seemed like eggs could fit inside them, their eyes seemingly bursting out of their sockets. "That face never gets old to me for some reason." Seeing the faces Damian and Alfaera were making, the man laughed for a short while before letting out a relieved sigh. "In any case, it's definitely nice to see you again." … "And that pretty much sums everything up, I think." After both Damian and Alfaera had gotten over the shock of seeing Valyr in front of them, the two of them had gotten furious at Tristan and Valyr, prompting the latter two to apologize in response, even though they were still laughing their hearts out. Fortunately, it did not take long for them to calm down, prompting Valyr to bring Damian and Alfaera up to speed on what he had been up to after he left the village, as well as how he had appeared beside Tristan before meeting up with them. Naturally, he still omitted mentioning about things that he felt were unimportant to the upcoming monster tide, such as the World Quest he had and the like. Of course, Valyr had also mentioned to them that he had ascended to Rank 2, which prompted Damian to ask on behalf of Alfaera on how he had amassed so much XP to ascend to the next rank so quickly. In response, Valyr told them about the Experience Pit that was located in Clossbay City, telling them that it was the best place to earn XP as long as they found the time to head there. Surprisingly, only Alfaera seemed to have committed the new piece of information Valyr had shared to memory, with Damian and Tristan nodding instead in agreement with his words, as if they already knew of the existence of Experience Pits. With that, Valyr went ahead and asked the two if they knew what he was talking about, to which they responded that they did. "Well, moving past the topic of earning a ton of XP in a short time for now, is the village prepared to face against the monster tide?" Shrugging his shoulders in response to the two's answers, Valyr posed a question to the trio. "From what Tristan told me earlier, we're very likely to be up against a medium-scale monster tide." "We're more or less prepared against such a monster tide," said Damian in response. "Thanks to the Basic Reinforcement Elixir recipe you've given us, even though a lot of the guards are still at the late stages of Rank 0, their combat power is equivalent to someone at the early stages of a common Rank 1 class, which is more than enough to ensure that the village won't be fully destroyed by the tide at the very least." "Of course, there's still you, me, Tristan, and Myst at the helm of this defense, so it would be better to say the chances of us successfully defending against the upcoming monster tide is quite high." "I see." Listening to Damian's words, Valyr nodded before going silent for a bit. After that, he grabbed their attention before asking a question to the trio that left all of them in a confused yet pensive expression in response. "Though I'm glad to hear that the village is more than ready to face the upcoming monster tide without worries…" "Is it possible for me to take charge of the whole operation when the time comes?" Chapter 330: Further Discussions As the question left Valyr's mouth, the three simultaneously looked back at him with raised eyebrows, the expressions on their faces easily making their curiosity known to the young man. Nevertheless, even though they all looked back at him with curiosity, if one looked closely at them, one would see a hint of confusion hidden beneath their expressions, as well as thoughts considering the proposition Valyr had given them. Noticing this confusion underneath their expressions, Valyr decided to clarify his intent behind the request. "Well, to be honest, this request is something that I came up with while talking with you three, so I'd understand if you decline. However, the main idea behind me taking charge of the whole defense against the upcoming monster tide is to get a better sense of my strength now that I've ascended to Rank 2." "From my perspective, there's a likely chance that other people would be implicated into what I would be doing during the defense against the tide, so it would be nice if I had such a level of command over everyone at that time." Listening to Valyr's words, the confusion hidden beneath everyone's expressions gradually disappeared, with the three contemplating over the request Valyr had voiced out to them earlier. Unsurprisingly, as someone who was only participating in the monster tide thanks to his high level of strength as a Rank 2 class holder, Tristan did not take long to end his train of thought as he allowed Damian and Alfaera, the ones who truly had command over the people during the monster tide, to let them ponder over Valyr's request in silence. "Do you really need to have command over everyone during the monster tide?" After a minute of silence, Alfaera initiated the new topic by asking Valyr a question. "Can't you just tell Damian during the monster tide to have everyone fall back while you do your own thing or something?" "I… haven't really thought about that, to be honest." In response to Alfaera's suggestion, Valyr briefly scratched the back of his head as he flashed a bitter smile. "Hmm… yeah. I think that'll work as well. All I need is for everyone to move back when I start my testing anyway." "If that's truly the case, then there's not much of a problem," said Damian before nodding. "Of course, we'll talk about it a bit more after we're done here." "Then again, as someone who's still considered a part of the village's guard regiment, with a rank of Guard Captain at that, you have the right to command over a large section of the defense anyway. Even more so now that you're Rank 2." Hearing these words come out of Damian's mouth, a light smile crept up onto Valyr's lips before nodding back in understanding, thanking him soon after. "Well, with that sorted out, can I ask what are you testing specifically during the monster tide?" Seeing that the leader of the whole defense against the monster tide had sorted everything out with Valyr, Alfaera took the opportunity to ask the latter more about what he wanted to test. "I know that you want to test out your newfound strength as a Rank 2 during the defense, but do you really need everyone to move out of the way with such a level of strength?" As Alfaera asked this question to Valyr, she briefly spared a glance towards Tristan, causing Tristan to let out a bit of laughter in response. Not long after, a light smile appeared on Damian's face as he looked back at his good friend, nodding at one another as they knew the reason behind Valyr's request, being the only two in the village to know of it, in fact. On the other hand, a wry smile appeared on Valyr's face as he noticed the expressions both Tristan and Damian had, shifting his gaze back onto Alfaera not long after as he opened his mouth. "Believe me when I say that it's for the better if we have everyone move out of the way when I make a move." Though Alfaera was still curious as to what basis Valyr had to make such a request, she decided to let it be for now, thinking that she would have to watch them defend against the monster tide when the time came, making sure to focus her full attention on Valyr at that point. After the details of Valyr's request were more or less sorted out, the four of them talked a bit more about the village's plan during the monster tide, as well as how it would impact the progress of the village's expansion into a town. Surprisingly, it was only through this conversation did Valyr find out the reason why Alfaera had not participated in the previous monster tide, even though her current level was more than enough for her to be part of the main offensive force. Aside from the fact that she was the leader of the village, she was the one coordinating everything behind the scenes, making sure that every request Damian had in preparation for the upcoming monster tide would be met before they began their defense. She was also the one responsible for the creation of the camps that allowed the defenders to rest and refuel before the monster tide arrived, something Valyr had made use of during the previous monster tide. However, the most important reason why she hadn't participated in the previous monster tide was the fact that both her class and subclass were purely non-combat. Of course, her stats were still far greater than the average human due to her being of a higher level, but she did not have the ability to capitalize on these higher stats unlike those with combat classes did. Naturally, once Valyr heard this, his mind thought about Tristan and himself, people who still took up a combative role even though both of them had a production class as their main class. In the end, he thought that it was a matter of personal choice rather than whether or not she truly did not have the capability to take up a combat role. After all, it took a lot of effort on his end to become someone capable of filling up a spot in the main offensive force, with Tristan putting even more effort than him. With that, the four eventually wrapped up their conversation, with all of them having faint smiles on their faces as they were glad to have caught up with one another. Though, just as both Alfaera and Tristan were about to leave the office to do their own thing, Valyr asked the three of them a question all of a sudden that prompted them to stop in their tracks. "Now that I think about it…" "Where's Vera?" Chapter 331: Sorting Things Out Naturally, the thought of asking for Vera's whereabouts did not come out of nowhere. As the four were wrapping up the conversation to go do their own things, a lingering thought surfaced in his mind all of a sudden, causing him to remember the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir he had obtained from Riekan back then as a reward for completing the dungeon. Now that he was Rank 2, he now was free to ingest the entire set and gain the passive skill that came along with consuming 10 vials of each type, which would improve his stats even further. However, this set of Reinforcement Elixir was stored away back at Algerie City in the inn both he and Wells were staying at, which prompted him to think about having it concocted instead, causing the thought of Vera to pop up in his mind. "Vera, huh?" In response to the question, both Tristan and Damian looked back at him with bitter smiles before the former let out a faint sigh, which did not take long for Valyr to understand that the answer he would obtain was on the side of something that he did not want to hear. "Well, to cut a long story short, she left the village." "Why?" Though Valyr inwardly let out a faint sigh at the response, with a faint bitter smile creeping up onto his lips not long after, he asked the two of them for a reason why. "She didn't really tell us anything," Tristan shrugged his shoulders as he replied. "All she said was that she was going to have to leave the village to pursue some matters and that was it." "Did she leave just recently?" Valyr asked in response. "More or less the same as you, actually." This time, Damian was the one who responded. "If my memory serves me correctly, she left around a week or two after you left to head to Clossbay City the day after the celebration." "I see." At those words, Valyr let out an audible sigh, only to realize something a few seconds later. "Wait… then that means there's no one capable of healing in the village anymore, right?" "Don't remind me about that." Surprisingly, Alfaera was the one who responded to his words, letting out an exasperated sigh as a slightly annoyed expression appeared on her face. "I found a healer from another village to come to our village and stay, but he asked a lot of things from me before he eventually accepted." "I hope he didn't ask for anything too important," said Valyr in response, which only prompted Alfaera to let out yet another sigh. "Aside from a small sum of money, he wanted me to become his lover out of all things." Recalling the entire scene as if it had just happened sometime earlier, an irritated expression appeared on Alfaera's face as she told Valyr of what the man had asked her. "Fortunately, I was eventually able to work it out. If not, that guy would still be hounding me as we speak." "I… see." Feeling as if any further explanation regarding the matter would only lead him down a rabbit hole that was hard to escape from, Valyr decided to leave the matter at that, letting out a sigh not long after as he thought about Vera leaving the village. "In any case, it's a shame that Vera left the village." "It really is." Alfaera nodded in agreement, with Damian and Tristan faintly nodding not long after. "A healer is already hard to recruit for a village, with an alchemist and a healer even more so." "Anyways, I'll have to leave now. Gotta settle a few more things before the defense against the monster tide starts." Seeing as their conversation had finished, Alfaera took the opportunity to leave, bidding farewell at the other three as she disappeared from their field of sight not long after. Sometime later, Tristan decided that it was time for him to leave as well, bidding farewell to the two as he urged Valyr to stop by his smithy when he had the free time. In response, Valyr let out a faint chuckle as he nodded, telling him that he would definitely be making a stop at the smithy before the monster tide began, inwardly thinking about upgrading the Nascent Wyvern Armor set a bit more. Eventually, with both Tristan and Alfaera gone, Damian and Valyr looked at each other, being the only ones left within the former's office. "Say, has my dormitory room been occupied by other people after I left?" Thinking that he had delayed the allocation of his unused XP for so long, Valyr went ahead and asked Damian if his dormitory was still free. "Nope." Damian shook his head in response. "For those at the rank of Guard Captain and above, even if they leave, the dormitory rooms they occupied are made sure that they wouldn't be used by other people. Of course, that is unless the guard regiment had a good reason to do so." "Got it." Nodding back in response, Valyr thanked Damian before turning around to leave the office. Surprisingly, just before he could fully leave the office, he heard the man behind him welcoming him back to the village, causing a grin to appear on his face as he nodded, making his way to his dormitory room not long after. … "Still looks the same as when I left it." After walking through the ever familiar corridors of the village barracks, Valyr eventually arrived at his dormitory room, a slight grin adorning his face as he took in his surroundings. Feeling a hint of nostalgia from the place even though it had only been over a month since he left the village, he eventually sat on top of his bed, the expression on his face turning solemn as he commanded the system to bring up a list of his skills. Ding! "It would've been nice if I had Skill Keys on hand." Taking a look at the list of skills in front of him, which was multiple times longer than the last time he took a look at it, Valyr quickly noticed that a great amount of his skills were still at the base level, prompting him to inwardly curse himself for delaying such a simple thing for far too long. "Too bad the place where I can get them is incredibly far away." "Then again, it's fortunate that I now have the means to teleport there." Placing the matter of Skill Keys at the back of his head for now, Valyr focused his attention on the unleveled skills in his skill screen. "The only problem is the amount of money I'd have to fork out to teleport there in the first place." "Oh well. That's better saved for when the monster tide is over." "For now, it's time to upgrade my skills." "… Let's
