yourself to quite a nice meal, huh? Considering you decided to grab all of my money?" Hearing the door leading to their room being opened, Wells began to voice out his complaints as he made his way to the main area. Though, just as he was about to continue, his next words got stuck in his throat, glancing at the kid that accompanied Valyr with widened eyes. "Valyr…" Swiftly hiding the surprise that was on his face earlier, the young man looked at his friend with a calm expression. "Who did you bring along?" inrea.o "It's a long story." Bitterly smiling as he had expected such a reaction, Valyr told Edward, who was hiding behind him, to make himself comfortable for the meantime. Thankfully, with how he had let the kid's guard down around him, Edward eventually followed, giving Wells a bow as he made his way towards the living area sofa. "Mind if you come with me for a bit?" Smiling as he looked at Edward for a bit, Valyr eventually focused his attention on his good friend. After that, he made his way to his part of the room, leaving no choice for Wells but to follow. "So… can you finally tell me more about the kid?" Once he had arrived at Valyr's part of the room, Wells was faintly surprised after the young man had cast a barrier of mana around them all of a sudden. Though, after seeing the serious expression on his friend's face, the man immediately knew what to do. "I'll definitely tell you what you need to know." Valyr nodded. "But first…" At those words, the young man rummaged through his pockets, revealing to Wells his money pouch. After that, he had grabbed a platinum card from his pouch and gave it to the man before him. "Consider this my apology for grabbing your money while you were asleep," said Valyr to a Wells that had his widened eyes fixated on the platinum card. In Wells' mind, he thought that he would obtain the exact amount of money Valyr had borrowed from him after the latter had revealed his money pouch. To him, that was more than enough since he was more interested in the kid his friend had brought along. However, when his good friend had given him a platinum card, it was no surprise that he was left at a loss for words. After all, what Valyr borrowed from him was a dozen gold coins at most. In comparison, a platinum card was equal to almost a thousand times that! Asking Valyr as to how he gotten such an obscene amount of money all of a sudden, the young man's curiosity was piqued when Valyr told him that he finally gotten some of his equipment sold. Then again, when the latter mentioned that he had earned over 30 platinum cards' worth of profit from his equipment, Wells was left at a loss for words once more. 'And here I thought the money we earned from the smithy back in Clossbay was a lot already…' With this thought in mind, the young man let out a sigh, deciding not to think about it anymore. With that, he returned the topic of their conversation to the kid, prompting Valyr to go a bit into detail about Edward's backstory. At first, Wells raised his eyebrow in interest after hearing that Edward was actually a slave of a noble clan. After all, as part of a noble family himself, he knew that clans and families had a fleet of servants they could order at every beck and call. With that, it came as a slight surprise for him to find out that the kid was basically one rank below that. Though, as Valyr explained more and more about how the kid ended up following him, Wells gradually ended up feeling more and more sorry for the kid. By the end of it, he did not have any problems with having the kid stay with them for the meantime, telling Valyr that he had made the right choice. With their conversation over, Valyr dispelled the barrier surrounding the two of them as he thought about checking up on Edward. After all, with how many things the young man had exposed him throughout the day so far, it wouldn't be surprising for the kid to be sitting with back straight at the sofa, considering he was in a foreign place. Fortunately, whether it was from exhaustion or the feeling of having gotten used to the place, the young man was instead greeted by the kid soundly sleeping on the sofa while he was curled up. For a while, he thought about having the kid sleep on his bed for the day and then buy him a bed of his own tomorrow. In the end, he decided to leave him be for now, thinking that this might be the first time for Edward to get some good rest. With that, Valyr and Wells left Edward be, deciding to grab a meal from a nearby restaurant as they talked about a couple things. Unsurprisingly, the topic of their conversation was Wells' subclass, with the man asking Valyr if the subclass the latter had recommended to him would be a good fit. "I'll have to check again tomorrow," replied Valyr with an apologetic smile, explaining to his friend what he had been doing for most of the day. Because of that, Wells got mad at him, only for that anger to all disappear once Valyr bought him more food. "For now, you should probably head to the Spearman Guild and get registered." Seeing that his friend had somewhat forgiven him, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he said something that piqued Wells' interest. "You haven't registered with them yet, right?" "Nope." Taking a bite of the food Valyr bought him, Wells shook his head. "With how I've been using most of my time on [Technique Introspection], how could I have the time?" "Well, set some time tomorrow to head to the Spearman Guild," said Valyr in response, to which his friend nodded. "I know a couple people there who'll help you with the process." At those words, Valyr sent a message to Noel through the chat function, informing the latter of Wells. Naturally, to entice the old man's interest, he added on the fact that Wells was the proud owner of a Legendary spearman class. Seeing that the old man had taken the bait after a while, a smile unknowingly crept up onto Valyr's lips as he continued his conversation with Wells, moving onto other topics to pass the time. At some point, they even talked about their plans regarding the orc outbreak. By the time the two of them were done, the moon had already become part of the night sky. Returning to the inn, the two of them headed to their respective parts of the room after making sure that Edward was in a comfortable position. Though, before the two of them truly separated ways… Ding! [You have added Wells Anadhar (Lvl. 25) as a friend.] "I'm surprised we haven't done this ever since we went on that journey back then," said Wells, with Valyr nodding in agreement. With nothing else left to do, the two of them finally headed to their beds, with Valyr lying down on his bed as he thought about the story Edward had told him. "To think that a kid would go through something like that…" Muttering these words to himself, the young man let out a long sigh. Then, after a bit of silence, a thought popped into his mind, sending a message to a certain someone through the chat function. "Hey, Julian." "Mind if I disturb you for a bit?" Chapter 555: A Bit Of Getting Used To 'Well, that conversation took longer than I thought.' Getting out of bed, Valyr looked out of the window for a bit as he gave his mind time to become fully alert. While doing so, he thought a bit about what he had done before falling asleep. 'Hopefully, Julian has some good news to share.' Letting out a faint sigh as it was the start of another day, Valyr soon made his way to the main living area to start his usual morning routine. Though, just as he was about to take a shower, the young man was greeted by the sight of Edward tidying up the place. "Ah… good morning…" Hearing footsteps come from another part of the room, the kid looked in the sound's direction to see who it was. After seeing that it was Valyr, a hint of fear briefly appeared on his face as he soon forced a slight smile. "Good morning." Nodding back in response, the young man decided not to think much about it for the meantime, leaving the kid be as he went through every step of his routine. … "Ahh… I feel refreshed." Putting on a fresh set of clothes after patting himself dry, Valyr let out a faint sigh of relief. Though he had been doing this almost every day, the number of times he could savor the peace that came along with it was something he could still count on his two hands. "I wonder what Edward's doing?" Placing his bath towel in his room to dry, the young man slowly made his way back to the main living area to get some rest. While doing so, he thought about the kid he had saved yesterday, who had made himself busy while he was going through his routine. Expecting the kid to still be busying himself by doing a few mundane tasks, it went without saying that Valyr was left at a loss for words when he saw Edward kneel on the floor with his head down. "…" Scratching the back of his head, the young man let out a low sigh once he gained an idea as to what was going on. "Get up." "My apologies… I didn't…" With how he had lived so far still being ingrained deep within him, Edward took the young man's words as a shock, standing up as he explained himself. "I unknowingly fell asleep… and…" "You don't have to explain yourself." Though, once he heard these words come out of the young man's mouth, the kid thought that everything was over for him, falling silent as he listened. "In fact, I was expecting you to rest up for a bit more." However, rather than be kicked out of the room just like he had thought, the young man before him said something that was entirely foreign to him. Well, to be more specific, something he hadn't heard from a noble before. "I… felt like I had to make myself useful…" Shifting his perspective of the young man for a bit, it took a while for the kid to answer back. "After all… you've already helped me out a lot…" "Don't be too hard on yourself," replied Valyr, ruffling the kid's hair with a soft smile. "Have you taken a shower yet?" "I…" At first, Edward was going to say that he wasn't allowed to take a shower. Though, after reminding himself that he wasn't with his master anymore, he changed his response. "I… haven't…" "Go take a shower, then." Valyr nodded. "I'll get us some food for breakfast." "But…" Hearing the young man's words, a shocked expression flashed on Edward's face. After all, as far as he knew, all nobles had their servants prepare their food for them. "Okay…" Thankfully, as if everything had finally clicked in his mind, Edward understood that he wasn't dealing any normal noble. In fact, to make it easier for himself to understand, he thought of Valyr as a kind yet weird noble. With that in mind, it was only then did Edward finally head to the bathroom, to which Valyr let out a low sigh as he watched the former's silhouette disappear. "He's probably going to take a long time to get used to this." "Well, he did live most of his life so far as a noble clan's slave, after all. Cut the kid some slack." Surprisingly, a voice responded to his words, prompting him to find out that Wells had woken up. "Wells…" Staring at his friend for a bit, Valyr eventually let out a soft sigh. "I guess I have been forcing him to change too quickly." "Just let nature take its course," said Wells in response. "In due time, it'll be as if the young man had never been a slave to begin with." "I sure hope so." At those words, the young man could only nod. "You planning to head out somewhere?" asked his friend not long after, staring at Valyr's get-up. "I'm gonna head to the Blacksmith Guild to forge some stuff." Valyr nodded, heading to his room as he almost forgot to wear his Nascent Wyvern Armor. "Though, I was planning to get some breakfast first for all three of us." . "I could take care of that for you," said Wells, prompting Valyr to look at him with a slightly surprised expression. "What?" "You know… you don't strike me as the guy who could do things on his own," replied Valyr, to which his friend responded by giving him a jab on the shoulder. "Leave off. I could very well do things on my own, thank you very much." Saying these words, Wells looked at his good friend with a frown, only to let out a bit of laughter not long after. "In any case, I'll grab breakfast for me and Edward. You could head to the guild now if you want… unless you want to join us for breakfast?" "I'll probably be in the guild for a very long time this time around, so I might just grab some food along the way." Apologetically smiling in response, Valyr looked at his friend. "Don't forget to head to the Spearman Guild later, okay?" "I won't." Wells nodded back. "How about Edward, though? Will he just stay here?" "Hmm…" Rubbing his chin for a bit, the young man eventually got an idea. "If you could accompany him to the Experience Pit, that would be nice." "That works." Though he did not know why his friend wanted the kid to go there, Wells would make sure it would happen. "I'll be heading off, then." After talking with Wells for a bit more, only then did the young man finally leave the inn, making his way to the Blacksmith Guild just as the sun was in the midst of rising. While making his way there, a thought popped up in his mind. 'Hmm…' 'That's actually not a bad idea.' Chapter 556: Utilizing Connections "Here's that Wyvern Core you asked me to buy." With the conversation that ensued between him and Julian yesterday, by the time Valyr had arrived at the Blacksmith Guild, he was swiftly escorted to a private workshop by one of the guild's attendants. Once there, he met up with Julian, who gave him a simple-looking box the very instant they met. "Oh, right. Give me your identification badge as well." Thanking the man for buying what he needed, Valyr was about to head deeper into the private workshop, only for Julian to request something else from him. Though confused at first, the young man eventually did what he was told, giving his badge to the man. "What do you need my identification badge for?" asked Valyr as he took a look at the workshop he was working with. Compared to the previous workshop he had worked at, the equipment currently within the workshop looked to be more up to date. "Remember what I told you yesterday? The final surprise thing?" Taking a look to see if there was any other equipment within the workshop that he might have missed, Valyr soon heard this question come out of Julian's mouth. "Yeah. Your badge has something to do with it." As he nodded in response, the young man quickly came up with a couple ideas as to what the man needed his badge for. Fortunately, the latter's next words were more than enough to confirm his suspicion, causing him to scratch the back of his head. "What rank is it this time?" questioned Valyr, feeling like he had now gotten a good grasp of the equipment he would be working with. "Not much of an increase unlike before," replied Julian as he slipped the young man's badge into one of his pockets. "I'll just be moving you to the Honorary Lesser Elder rank." "Any higher than that, and I'll have to explain to the other directors of the Blacksmith Guild that my decisions are for the benefit of the guild," added the man, prompting Valyr to let out a bit of laughter. "Well then. If that's the case, let me thank you in advance." Placing the box he had gotten from Julian on an anvil, Valyr looked at the man before him as he decided to shift the topic. . "Moving that aside for the meantime, recall the small conversation I had with you last night?" asked the young man, which caused Julian's expression to become serious. "The one regarding the Nicholas clan's young slave, right?" said Julian back, to which Valyr nodded. "I've already looked into it." As Julian said these words, the young man raised his eyebrows in slight surprise, not expecting the man to move so quickly. "I've even had the Nine Stars Pavilion and a couple individual information gatherers look into it." "Using your money, of course." Though, just as the young man felt awe at Julian's efficiency in completing tasks, his mood instantly soured once he heard the man's next words. 'Then again, it wouldn't make sense for him to be using the guild's funds to do it anyway.' Thankfully, he only took it as a small sacrifice towards something larger. After all, the kid would eventually grow up to become the Grand Marshal of the Zeihardt Sovereignty. "So, what did you find out?" Feeling slightly apologetic towards the man as Julian told him that he was the one who footed the expenses soon after, the young man decided to push the thought aside for the meantime, focusing his attention towards what was more important. "On one hand, the Nicholas clan doesn't really care too much about him." Hearing these words from Julian, Valyr could only listen attentively. "After all, he's just a slave to a large noble clan. Higher ranking servants disappear more often than those with his status." "However…" "However… what?" Finding out that there was another side to it, Valyr's curiosity was piqued. "A specific member of the clan's younger generation wants him to return to the clan no matter what," said Julian in response, prompting the young man to conclude that this person was undoubtedly Edward's master. "Did they find out the reason why?" asked Valyr in response. "There was no reason given." Letting out a sigh, Julian faintly shook his head. "That person was adamant in not giving out the reason." 'I have a feeling as to why,' thought Valyr to himself as he inwardly smirked. With how the young man recalled all of the feats and achievements Edward had done in the past, as well as the fact that the kid had shared his life story to him, it went without saying that he had a solid idea as to why that member of the Nicholas clan wanted Edward to return. "How about information on setting him free?" Pondering over his previous thoughts for a bit longer, the young man eventually moved onto what he considered was the most important portion of their topic. "Though that member was adamant that he wouldn't be sold no matter what, the entire Nicholas clan was fine with voiding the contract for the young slave…" said Julian, which instantly brightened Valyr's mood. "…for a price, of course." "How much are they asking?" At these words, Valyr already thought about the possible price the clan wanted him to fork out. To him, it wouldn't be surprising for them to request an amount that even class guilds would even have difficulty gathering. Fortunately… "They said one platinum card was more than enough payment." Hearing Julian say these words, the young man was briefly left speechless, realizing not long after that aside from that one member from the clan, only he knew what was special about Edward. "Well, to be honest, they thought that paying one platinum card for a kid was too much, even though you insisted that was a fair amount. Because they felt a bit bad about receiving so much for basically nothing, they plan on nullifying the contracts of his parents as well," added Julian soon after, which brought a wide smile to Valyr's face. "I'm guessing I'll have to send a platinum card to the Nicholas clan, then?" Seeing that the young man seemed to be frozen with glee, Julian decided to ask the question himself, to which Valyr profusely nodded in agreement. "I'll definitely make it up to you in the future," replied Valyr, feeling a hint of guilt at the fact that he was basically turning Julian into a helper of sorts. Thankfully, the latter did not mind it too much, telling the young man that he was doing it for the sake of giving a kid a better future. After talking a bit more about a couple of things, Valyr was eventually left on his own within the workshop, prompting him to take in a few deep breaths. Organizing the thoughts in his mind, the young man eventually thought about the other items he would need to upgrade his Nascent Wyvern Armor to the next tier, which was his first agenda for the day. "Julian told me before he left that I could just buy items from the guild as long as I send a message to an attendant." Muttering these words to himself, the young man eventually found the item Julian had mentioned that would allow him to call
