some time to get over the shock the piece of equipment Valyr had given to him, Tristan took in a deep breath as the gears in his mind turned. Not long after, a faint light glinted his eyes as he posed a question to Valyr. "Mind if you teach me a thing or two on how you forged this metal glove?" "I thought you didn't believe in the fact I have the ability to forge high rarity equipment?" Though he did not really mind teaching the one who had allowed him to trek the path of blacksmithing once more a couple of things, Valyr thought that now was the best choice to rub salt in an open wound, evident by the bitter smile on Tristan's face once he heard what the former said. "I mean… I did have an idea back then you were something else." Tristan wryly chuckled. "After all, you could forge Common+ grade equipment without much problem even though you've only been forging stuff for a month at that time." "Who knew it would continue to snowball from there?" The bitter smile on Tristan's face slightly widened. Responding to Tristan's words with a bitter smile of his own, Valyr briefly scratched the back of his head before letting out a faint sigh, asking the former to give the metal glove back to him. "Who knew, indeed." "Anyways, even though I don't really mind teaching you a bit of what I learned after I left the village, the monster tide is coming up in a few days, so how about we talk about it after the tide?" "Fine by me." In response to Valyr's words, Tristan shrugged his shoulders. "Either way, you're helping me out here since you're giving me a shot at finally being able to craft a piece of Rare grade equipment." "Says the one who allowed me to walk the path of blacksmithing in the first place," said Valyr in response, causing Tristan to let out a faint chuckle not long after. "You really haven't made a piece of Rare grade equipment yet?" "Not even once." Tristan shook his head. "The best I've done was a piece of equipment rated at Uncommon+ grade, and that item would be the metal knuckles I forged." "Speaking of which, I should thank you for giving me the idea to forge a pair of metal knuckles," Tristan added to his statement soon after. "Because of it, I was able to finally clear a dungeon I've been wanting to clear for a long time already." "Is that so?" Hearing Tristan thank him, a grin gradually crept up onto Valyr's lips as he looked at the metal glove he had forged. Recalling the other reason why he had forged the metal glove in the first place, the grin on his face turned into a smirk as he returned to the anvil. "Give me a second." "Hmm?" Seeing as Valyr returned to the anvil with the metal glove, watching as the young man started to hammer out the small imperfections on it, Tristan raised his eyebrow in curiosity as he decided to ask Valyr a question. "What are you doing?" "Just a few modifications to the glove," said Valyr in response. "You'll see." "Take your time, I guess." At those words, Tristan shrugged his shoulders as he watched Valyr hammer the metal glove nonstop, watching as the faint imperfections on the metal glove's surface gradually disappear with every swing. Not long after, he felt as if the aura being emanated by the glove gradually grew stronger with every consecutive swing, at some point even sensing that the immediate surroundings felt a bit warmer than it normally did. Eventually, Valyr placed the hammer to the side, prompting Tristan to think that the man was finished with his modifications. However, just as he was about to move closer to take a better look at the improved metal glove, the former started to infuse his own mana into the metal glove, causing the latter to take a few steps back as he felt a deeper part of the glove awaken in response to the infusion. Shaking his head a couple times as he felt the mana he had infused into the glove not doing its job properly, Valyr continued to infuse more and more mana into it, using [True Prodigious Equipment Attribute Awakening] quite a lot on the metal glove to get an attribute awakening that met his standards. Fortunately, by the time he had spent around a thousand points of his mana into the glove, he had finally gotten the awakening he wanted, quickly identifying it with [Analysis] before giving it to Tristan. "Here you go. Take a look." "This…" Grabbing the metal glove once more, Tristan went ahead and used [Analysis] on it to see what kind of modifications Valyr had done to it, only to be left at a loss for words once again. Ding! [(+10) Glove of the Blazing Serpent] (Level 26) Rarity: Rare+ Attack: 236 - 394 Additional Attributes: > STR +8 > AGI +7 > DEX +8 A metallic glove that utilizes the best properties of Azure Iron, Melafir Essence, Sand Serpent Fangs, and Blazefield Stone, the blacksmith that had forged this piece of equipment had a certain person in mind, wanting to prove to that person that they had far improved since the last time they saw each other. However, the original intent behind the piece eventually changed, instead changing into something that the blacksmith thought he should have done a long time ago. <Innate Skill 1: Flaming Vigor - With every successful hit landed on a being the user deems as an enemy, the skill increases the user's STR, DEX, and AGI stat by 0.1%, reaching a maximum of 2.5%.> <Innate Skill 2: Serpentine Blaze - Moving one's arm in an uppercut motion, this skill allows the user to deal damage equivalent to 300% of the user's Attack stat on a single enemy, with a slight chance of the damage doubling if the area the glove lands on is considered vital. Has a chance to inflict a scorching effect on the enemy. Cooldown: 5 minutes. Cost: 1,500 MP.> Remarks: A weapon that definitely isn't made with a berserker in mind. It took a while for Tristan to get over the shock the description of the upgraded glove had given him, considering that the Attack stat it gave was far greater than what the pair of metal knuckles he had forged could give him. With that, the thought that Valyr had done this on purpose to show off in front of him appeared in his mind, prompting him to ask the young man sometime later if he was taking it back after he had gotten a good look at it. However, the answer that he got from Valyr instead was… "Oh no." "That's all yours." Chapter 339: The Calm Before The Storm Silence. Once more, silence filled the entirety of Tristan's body. However, this time around, it was not due to the shock he felt from reading the description of the newly improved metal glove he was holding. Instead, the silence came from the words Valyr had spoken to him in response to his question. "That's all yours." Those three words lingered within Tristan's mind, the young man's voice sounding similar to church bells that had been rung near his ears as he failed to comprehend what Valyr had said at first. Fortunately, those same words eventually sunk in, causing Tristan's attitude to go through a full 180 degree turn as he gave the metal glove back to Valyr before waving his hands back and forth in refusal. "Oh no, no, no! It's too precious!" said Tristan in response to Valyr's words, causing the latter's eyes to briefly widen in surprise from the abrupt change in his good friend's behavior. "It really is all yours." Valyr looked at the metal glove he had been given for a bit before proceeding to try and give it back to the man in front of him. "After all, the materials used to forge this metal glove came from your smithy in the first place. Following that train of thought, we come to the conclusion that this metal glove is yours." "But you were the one who forged the metal glove!" Tristan responded with a slightly loud voice. "If anything, you have the right to do whatever you want with it!" "I do have the right to do whatever I want with it." Valyr nodded in agreement. "Thus, I choose to give the metal glove to you." "And before you tell me you can't accept it one more time, let me tell you something." Just as Tristan was about to refuse the metal glove once more, Valyr interrupted him from doing so as the young man proceeded to tell the former a few things that lingered in his mind. "Earlier, you said that you didn't believe I had the skills to forge a piece of Epic grade equipment, so I went ahead and showed you that I did, forging the metal glove I'm currently holding." "At first, I made it out of spite since your words ticked me off the wrong way." Valyr looked at Tristan with a solemn expression, briefly shrugging his shoulders as he told the latter the truth of the matter. "However, once you took a look at the glove and I noticed the genuine awe you had on your face when you realized I did have the skills, I started to look at the metal glove I had forged a bit differently." "What was a product of spite at first eventually turned into something I considered as a way to say thanks for allowing me to step on the path of blacksmithing, something I should have actually done a long time ago now that I think about it." As these words left Valyr's mouth, the young man slightly scratched his head as he let out a wry chuckle. "In other words, it would be nice if you could have it since it's my token of appreciation to you." "Man…" Becoming silent for a bit as he processed the words Valyr had said to him, Tristan eventually let out a low sigh, feeling a bit sentimental over the entire matter as he started to look at the metal glove from a slightly different perspective. However, just as he had come to the decision to accept the metal glove and thank the young man for forging such an item for him, Valyr decided to say something to Tristan that rubbed off the latter the wrong way as the young man's attitude took a 180 degree turn as well. "Of course, if you really don't wanna accept it, then that's fine with me. I'll just put it in the furnace and crank up the heat as high as possible so it turns into a puddle of unusable slag." "Darn you! That's the last thing I want you to do with it!" … After a bit of bickering between the two over what Valyr had said to rile up Tristan's emotions, the latter eventually accepted the metal glove the young man had forged, wielding it for quite some time to get a rough feeling of how it would feel when he was using it in combat. Surprisingly, after both Valyr and Tristan realized that only one of the latter's hands would be covered by the metal glove, Valyr went ahead and forged a similar glove of a similar rarity, much to Tristan's immense shock. Deciding to use materials of an opposite nature for the second metal glove to possibly complement the first, the system unexpectedly rewarded Valyr for it, with the metal glove obtaining an innate skill that allowed it to deal greater damage when in contact with energy of opposing nature from the glove. By the time he was done forging and upgrading the two metal gloves to Tristan's current level, it was already night time, causing Valyr to become slightly dejected as the main reason for him coming to the smithy had been forgotten. Of course, with how much Valyr had given to Tristan in the form of the two metal gloves, it was no surprise that the latter told the young man that he was allowed to use everything in the smithy the following day. Which he did. Once the sun started to peek out of horizon, which signaled the start of a new day, Valyr beelined to the smithy to upgrade his armor set and weapon, making sure to do those things first in order for him to not forget and end up wasting time on other tasks once more. After he was done upgrading his items to the highest levels they could reach where he could still use them, he then urged Tristan to grab a meal with him for a breakfast, which the latter unsurprisingly agreed to. While eating their respective meals, Tristan brought up the topic of smithies, prompting Valyr to talk about the brief time he owned a smithy of his own back in Clossbay City. Naturally, Tristan was quite surprised to hear that the young man before him had become the owner of the smithy, even for a short time. Though, what truly surprised him was the amount of money Valyr had made within that short time. Even though Valyr talked a bit about how much money he earned, satiating Tristan's curiosity in the topic, the thoughts in Valyr's mind wandered off into something else, prompting a question to form in his mind, which he thought that he would act upon once he returned to Algerie City after the monster tide. After sharing a meal together, Valyr and Tristan then went on their separate ways, with the former heading back to the barracks, spending most, if not the entire next couple of days holed up in his dormitory to polish his considerably decent level of control over magic he had in the past even further. Eventually… Ding! [You have received the emergency quest: Astarto Monster Tide.] [Proceed to the outskirts of the Astarto Village as quickly as possible.] Chapter 340: Monster Tide: Round Two "Mnnh…" Still in the midst of traveling the far expanses of dream land, Valyr was forced to cut off his journey short as the sound of loud sirens blared in his mind, leaving him no choice but to return to reality as his immediate sight was greeted by screens filled with large texts in red in front of him. Ding! [You have received the emergency quest: Astarto Monster Tide.] [Proceed to the outskirts of the Astarto Village as quickly as possible.] Scratching the back of his head as he gave his consciousness time to adjust to his current surroundings, Valyr let out a low sigh as he removed all of the screens that had popped up in front of his field of vision, getting out of bed to go through his usual morning routine. While doing so, he took a look at the emergency quest he had received, checking to see the difference between the quest he had gotten now and the quest he had gotten back then now that he was more alert. "Hmm… I see." Allowing the cold water to flow down his body as he took a quick shower to fully wake himself up, Valyr faintly nodded in understanding as he was finished reading through the description of the quest. "The objective has remained the same, but the rewards for participating in the monster tide has increased." "Then again, why would it not increase? After all, we're up against a medium-scale monster tide this time around." Getting out of the bathroom, Valyr swiftly dried himself off before putting on a set of loose clothes, which he thought would act as a sort of undergarment for what he was going to put on next. Whoosh! Infusing a bit of mana into the spatial bracelet Braum had given to him for the journey, the pieces making up the newly enhanced Nascent Wyvern Armor set appeared out of thin air before falling on top of Valyr's bed. Seeing as the scales covering the outer surface of the armor pieces slightly tore up the sheet covering the mattress, a bitter smile briefly appeared on his face as he scratched his head, wondering how he would explain to Damian later what happened to his bed. "I'll think about that later." Of course, as this thought lingered in his mind, he went ahead and put on the Nascent Wyvern Armor set, feeling the power contained within the armor fusing with the immensely high combat power he already had as a Rank 2 class holder. A Mythic Rank 2 class holder. As this was the first time he had put the entire Nascent Wyvern Armor set on, Valyr took a couple of minutes to familiarize himself with the feeling of newfound strength the armor set had given him. With that, he did a few basic movements with the armor on, inwardly glad that the armor set still did not hamper his movements that much, just like its previous version did. Once he was done with the basic movements, he then moved onto movements that were a bit more intense, such as combat stances and a couple movements used in basic combat. After that doing for a bit, Valyr eventually thought that it was time for him to head to where the others were, affixed Sana behind his back as he sent a message to his spear. 'Ready to become stronger?' 'I'm always ready, Master.' In response, an eager voice resounded within Valyr's mind, causing him to let out a chuckle as he finally made his way out of his room and towards the outskirts of the village. … "You're finally here." Sensing an entity radiating an aura that far surpassed his gradually getting closer to him, Damian turned around to see who had such an aura, only for a faint smile to appear on his face as he greeted the young man that had appeared before him. "Did you eat breakfast before coming here?" "Why would I not?" Taking off his helmet, Valyr flashed a slight grin at Damian as he let out a chuckle not long after. "It's probably the only thing inside the village that's reminding we're up against a monster tide." "In any case, there's quite a lot more people helping the village defend the monster tide this time around," said Valyr after that, shifting his gaze towards the great number of people that surrounded both him and Damian. Turning his head to look back at the man beside him, he then asked, "How many people are we looking at here? A hundred or so?" "Around a hundred and fifty, actually," answered Damian in response, causing Valyr's eyes to briefly widen in surprise, only for it to return to normal not long after as he had an idea why that was the case. "It's all thanks to the Basic Reinforcement Elixir recipe you've given us that we could have this many people defending the village this time around." "I had a feeling that was the case." With Damian's words confirming his thoughts, Valyr turned his attention back to the people that surrounded them, noticing that only a small number of them gave off an aura that was at the level of someone below the peak of Rank 0. In contrast, most of the people that had participated to defend against the upcoming monster tide either gave off the aura of someone at the peak of Rank 0 or someone at the early levels of Rank 1, prompting Valyr to inwardly nod in satisfaction as he took a look at the wave of monsters they would be fighting up against, seeing that the first wave of monsters more or less matched the strength of the majority that had participated. Of course, Valyr also noticed that quite a few people gave off the energy of someone at the middle and later levels of Rank 1, causing him to look back at Damian as he wondered what he would have these people during the monster tide. 'Some of them will probably end up as leaders and deputy leaders of a couple teams. Probably.' "Now that I think about it, where are Tristan and Myst?" As Valyr asked this question to Damian, the former recalled that Tristan was still busy forging a piece of equipment the previous day, while Myst had returned from the Experience Pits around the afternoon of the same day. "Tristan told me that he's on his way pretty soon, while Myst is at the makeshift cafeteria, getting some breakfast before heading here." Hearing those words from Damian's mouth, Valyr nodded in response before shifting his gaze towards the monster tide out on the horizon. Looking at what they were up against in silence for a short bit, a thought eventually surfaced in Valyr's mind, causing him to ask a question to the man beside him. "Say, Damian." "What is it?" "Is it possible for me to lead the first wave?" "Alone?" Chapter 341: Appearance Of The Dark Night "Did you get a bit of sleep at the very least?" Making their way through the Astarto Village gates, a young woman and a man in his late twenties, both of which were donning a full set of armor, appeared in the outskirts, their expressions that of slight awe as they took in the surprising number of people that decided to participate in the current monster tide. "Look at my face and tell me." Once the awe the two felt had eventually disappeared, Tristan looked at the young woman beside him as the expression on his face became solemn. "Do you really think I got even a wink of sleep if my face looks like this?" "You tell me." In response, Myst shrugged her shoulders as the two of them weaved their way through the crowd, eventually appearing at the frontlines. "Because that thin layer of soot on your face is definitely not helping you out here." Hearing the young woman's words,
