Continuing to read through the notifications he had gotten, Valyr soon came across the ones that talked about his unlocked hidden stats gaining points. "All in all, I gained 100 points each on all stats, as well 5 points to both Mana Purity and Vigor because of this vial." Faintly wondering how much 5 points in both hidden stats would affect his journey into the inheritance that he and the others would be exploring next week, a faint smile crept up onto the young man's lips as he moved onto the remaining notifications on his screen. "…huh. I guess this was what Mystia was talking about." [Due to the effects of the Mystic Vial, you have gained an affinity towards the Mystic Plane, grabbing the attention of its Overseer.] [The Overseer wonders for a bit as to why you have the energy of its Saintess, yet it decides not to inquire any further, knowing what the Saintess wants it to do.] [You have gained the recognition of the Mystic Plane, allowing you to use its energy as if it were your own.] [You have gained the passive skill 'Mystic Energy Empowerment'.] [You have gained the passive skill 'Mystic Energy Vessel'.] [You have gained the active skill 'Basic Mystic Energy Manipulation'.] Slightly scratching his head as he read through this series of notifications, Valyr more or less understood what was going on, thinking about his experience with Noel in the Shadow Plane. "In a way, this is similar to the process on how I obtained Shadow Energy," murmured the young man to himself, visualizing what had possibly happened to him while he was unconscious. "However, unlike with Shadow Energy, I didn't have to consume a corresponding item, nor did I have to enter the corresponding plane to obtain its recognition." "Guess that has a lot to do with the Overseer and the Saintess these notifications are talking about, huh." Taking a look at the notifications once more, it did not take long for him to gain an idea of who or what the Overseer and the Saintess was, basing it off from the knowledge he had gained from visiting the Shadow Plane. With that, Valyr easily came to the conclusion that the Overseer would be none other than the Mystic Plane's founder and creator, as well as the one who gets to decide who and what has access to the Mystic Plane's energy, aptly named Mystic Energy. On the other hand, considering that she was the one who had given the item to him, it only made sense for the young man to think that Mystia was the Saintess of the Mystic Plane, wondering how she had obtained such a title in the first place. 'Is she the first one to discover the Mystic Plane or something…?' thought the young man to himself, feeling like only a feat similar to that would allow one to be granted such a level of authority. Pondering about it even further, he then wondered if Noel had a similar title like that in the Shadow Plane, recalling that he had introduced the existence of Shadow Energy to many people. "Hmm…" Rubbing his chin as he wondered whether or not to contact Mystia again, Valyr eventually decided to contact her the following day, even though he had told himself that he would contact her once he was done consuming both items. Though he had a feeling that the woman had set some time aside for him so they could talk about the Mystic Energy he had just unlocked, Mystia's words of her being an Imperial Alchemist and an imperial adviser lingered in the young man's mind, prompting him to think that such time would be better off completing tasks related to those. With that, he grabbed the crystal he used to contact Mystia earlier and placed it inside his spatial bracelet, only to then grab the now-empty vial as he made his way out of the private room he had occupied. While doing so, he commanded the system to bring up the descriptions of the three skills he had gained, deciding to satiate his curiosity with Mystic Energy through it for the meantime. Ding! [Mystic Energy Empowerment] (Lv. MAX) Rarity: Rare+ You have gained access to a type of energy that many people sought to claim as their own, touting its capabilities to make the impossible possible, to make the unreal real, and to make the unbelievable believable. With this energy, feats that would normally be difficult to achieve with mana, will now be simple, expanding your abilities to nigh-infinity. This skill increases the efficacy of techniques under [Basic Mystic Energy Manipulation] by 30%. [Mystic Energy Vessel] (Lv. MAX) Rarity: ??? Mystic Energy: 1/1 Grade: Impure (Common) A myriad of energies exist throughout the universe. Some of these energies are attuned towards such as destruction, such as Chaos Energy, while some of these energies could be attuned to go both ways, such as Primordial Mana. Mystic Energy is a type of energy that is attuned towards creation, a type of energy that one could only make contact with through the Mystic Plane, a plane that hails from ancient times. Due to its ancient origin, it is a type of energy that's highly sought after by many beings throughout the ages, all of them touting its capabilities of making the impossible possible, the unachievable achievable. Thanks to the blessing of the Mystic Plane's Saintess, you have gained the recognition of the Mystic Plane from the Overseer itself, allowing you to tap into this energy as if it were an extension of your limbs. This skill allows the user that has been recognized to improve the amount and quality of the Mystic Energy they control, eventually giving them the ability to achieve more things with the energy. This skill also allows the user to tap into Mystic Energy at any time, not needing to form a connection with the Mystic Plane anymore whenever the user wishes to do so. This skill also allows the user to store a small amount of Mystic Energy within their bodies, which could be improved by absorbing Mystic Energy from the plane itself, or by slaying beings of the Mystic Plane. [Basic Mystic Energy Manipulation] (Lv. 1/10) Rarity: Common Mystic Energy. A type of energy that many people believe to make the impossible possible, to transform make-believe into reality. . This skill allows the user to harness and utilize the power of Mystic Energy in all sorts of ways, gaining the ability to have Mystic Energy take on a tangible form, as well as manipulate the energy into whatever form the user sees fit. <First Skill: Element Creation - Allows the user to transform Mystic Energy into any element that the user wishes to create. Conversion rate between Mystic Energy and the resulting element depends on the element chosen, the amount of Mystic Energy available, as well as the quality of Mystic Energy used. Cooldown: 10 minutes. Cost: 2,500 MP.> 'In other words, Mystic Energy is the exact opposite of Shadow Energy in terms of purpose.' Closing up the screens he had brought up, Valyr inwardly nodded in understanding after he was finished reading through the skills' descriptions. 'If Shadow Energy was a type of energy whose origin is the concept of destruction, then Mystic Energy's origin would be that of creation.' "Then again, the first skill that allows me to use Mystic Energy actively already makes that concept obvious," muttered the young man to himself, walking through the corridors of the auction house as he made his way to the exit. "However, I wonder if this energy would truly allow me to make the impossible possible at some point," asked Valyr to himself not long after, thinking about how amazing it would be to create items out of thin air. At some point, he also thought about the possibility of using the energy to resurrect the dead back to life, though he soon discarded the thought, thinking that it had nothing to do with the concept of creation anymore. 'In any case, I guess I'll only be able to head to the Mystic Plane and increase my Mystic Energy once I talk with Mystia more about it.' Placing his thoughts regarding Mystic Energy to the back of his mind for the meantime, Valyr eventually arrived at the auction house's entrance, only to find that Julian was already there waiting for him. Chapter 549: Sharing Information "So, what did Mystia tell you?" Seeing the young man come closer to him, Julian waved at Valyr, asking the question that instantly came to mind. After all, before he and Sirius had a discussion regarding what Valyr might be able to do in the future, he had received a brief message from the young man, telling him pretty much all he needed to know. 'I'll be talking with Mystia for a while. I'll let you know what we talked about once we meet up.' "A lot of things," replied Valyr, bitterly smiling as he noticed the man's serious expression. "Aside from telling me more about the items I've received from Sirius, she also told me about what I might possibly do in the future." "My hunch was correct, then," said Julian after listening to the young man, causing the latter's eyes to briefly widen in surprise. Though, just as Valyr was about to ask the man on what he meant by that, one of the attendants of the auction house had arrived in front of them, carrying a flask of viscous fluid and an archaic-looking book on top of a tray. "Sir Julian Pyrrhia and Sir Ylvar, right?" asked the attendant, leaving the two no choice but to nod in response. "Sir Sirius has ordered me to give you the items you've won from the auction, lest you forget." Nodding back, the attendant moved the tray closer towards the two, prompting Valyr to thank the attendant as he stashed both the flask and the book inside his spatial bracelet for the meantime. Seeing that their task was over, the attendant gave both Valyr and Julian a respectful half-bow before turning around, eventually leaving the two to their own devices once more. "…Wanna head back to the Blacksmith Guild to talk more about it?" Feeling that the atmosphere between the two had become slightly awkward due to the attendant's sudden appearance, Julian took a quick look outside before giving the young man a suggestion. "It's not like I have any other choice." Of course, with how he had a feeling that Julian had a lot of things to say to him, as well as the fact that he would have to ask the man for more information regarding information brokers, it went without saying that the young man agreed, briefly shrugging his shoulders in nonchalance. … "Alright. Now that we're back here, we can talk a bit more freely about what information we've obtained from our respective conversations." By the time they arrived at the Blacksmith Guild, the two of them swiftly headed to Julian's personal workshop, ignoring the curious looks everyone else gave them along the way. Then, once there, Julian made a solid barrier out of mana surrounding them, only stopping his infusion of more mana into it once he felt that the barrier would stop any sound they made from getting outside. "So, what did Mystia tell you exactly?" Letting out a long and drawn-out sigh, Julian looked at the young man before him. "Which part? The items or the part about the future?" Letting out a sigh of his own in response, Valyr grabbed a box to sit on before responding. "Speaking of which, did you and Sirius talk about something while I was talking with Mystia?" "We did." Julian nodded. "Coincidentally, we talked about how your actions would have an effect on the future… though, Sirius painted it in a bad light for some reason." "Really?" Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity. "Well, Mystia talked about how my strength would grow beyond the level of a Herald, allowing my actions to not only change the course of humanity, but the entire world as well." "And that was it." "Huh. That's exactly what Sirius told me," replied Julian, briefly scratching his head. "However, he always looked at it from a pessimistic perspective, saying about how you would cause humanity's downfall in the future." "Then again, I'm pretty sure his perspective towards the prediction was skewed by the fact we interacted with a rude member from the Zeihardt clan back then." At these words, the man faintly shrugged his shoulders. "Well, I don't blame him for thinking that way." "So, if I'm getting this correctly, we basically obtained the same information from different people." Pondering over it for a bit, Valyr eventually opened his mouth, omitting the fact that he and Mystia talked about how he was a Harbinger. "More or less." In response, Julian nodded in agreement, not finding anything amiss with the young man's words. "Ah, right. What kind of items did she give you?" "Well, the first one is a stronger version of the Nascent Rebirth Pill sold in the auction." As he said these words, Valyr looked at Julian's reaction. Unsurprisingly, the man only nodded once he heard it, prompting the young man to move onto the vial. "As for the vial, according to her, it complements the effects of the pill I got," said the young man soon after. "However, it was more like the vial enhanced the pill's effects even further." "Did you consume the items already?" asked Julian as he examined the young man's aura. Though he had already sensed that the aura Valyr was passively releasing was considerably stronger than before the two separated ways, he still wanted to confirm it with his two eyes. "Yeah." Nodding in response, Valyr went ahead and flared out his aura in its entirety, causing the man's eyes to slightly widen in surprise as he did not expect the increase to be that massive. . Then again, once the young man explained how much stats he had gained from the two items, everything eventually made sense to him. "In total, I gained 100 points each in every stat," said Valyr, leaving Julian at a slight loss for words. Even though a hundred points might not mean a lot to someone like him, for Valyr, whose stats were already high for his rank, increasing it by a further hundred points was akin to adding wings to a tiger. 'I wonder how he'd react if he found out I could also control Mystic Energy now,' briefly thought Valyr to himself as he suppressed his aura once more, taking a bit of delight in Julian's reaction. "Anyways, would it finally be alright to tell me more about the people you know who could get me more information about the Zeihardt clan?" Thinking that he had given Julian enough time to process what he had told him, the young man went ahead and changed the topic of the conversation to what he wanted to talk about all this time. "Ah, right." Fortunately, Julian quickly snapped back to reality, nodding as he thought about the question for a bit in silence. Then, feeling as if he had gathered all of the information he needed to tell Valyr, only then did the man begin his explanation. "So…" Chapter 550: Gaining Information "Before I begin, I should preface this by saying that it's mostly an open secret to those that have high authority in any kingdom or empire. Anyways, there are actually only a few information brokers that exist throughout the continent." Julian decided to begin his explanation with this statement, prompting Valyr to nod in response as he let the man continue. "These information brokers are similar to how class guilds work, having a main branch located in a certain place, while their influence spreads throughout the entire continent by putting up other branches," said the man. "Of course, that's only if we're talking about the large-scale organizations that specialize in obtaining information. If we include the medium-scale and small-scale organizations, then there are a lot more." "However, rather than invest your money into a small or medium-scale organization, I'd suggest you choose one of the large-scale organizations instead." At these words, Julian looked at Valyr, instantly noticing the curiosity written all over the latter's expression. With that, he answered the obvious question in the young man's head before the latter could even voice it out. "For one, though small-scale and medium-scale organizations could generally be trusted, the methods in which they obtain their information tends to enter gray territory." "In fact, there was one incident in the past where a medium-scale organization was wiped off from the face of Veldanyr after it was found out that the organization was just a facade for a large criminal syndicate," Julian told Valyr, making the latter slightly shudder, imagining the destruction it would have caused. "Of course, I'm not saying that all small and medium-scale organizations are like that, though. I'm just saying that it's a more frequent occurrence in those organizations." "Does that mean you'll only be recommending me large-scale organizations, then?" Pondering over Julian's words for a bit, Valyr eventually asked him a question that seemed to follow the man's train of thought. "In a way, kind of." Julian faintly nodded. "After all, if you think about it, large-scale organizations could only reach such a size due to their work ethic and the reputation they have accumulated over hundreds, if not thousand of years." "If anything, you're guaranteed to get more than your money's worth when employing the help of a large-scale organization, especially when it comes to information gathering." "But of course, I'm also going to recommend you some medium-scale and small-scale organizations that I myself obtain information from," he added. "If there's one thing small and medium-scale organizations are better at compared to large-scale organizations, it's the fact that they could obtain local information at greater speeds and greater detail." "Though, if what you want information on is an event that everyone in the continent wants to know, your best bet would be a large-scale organization." Julian let out a faint chuckle, feeling that the gears in Valyr's mind were madly turning at this moment. "How about individual people? Do you know any individual information brokers as well?" Taking a bit of time to wrap his head around the way Julian used information brokers to his advantage, Valyr eventually asked another question. "A few." Julian nodded. "However, I only contact them when I need incredibly specific information on a certain event or a certain person." "A great example of something like that would be the man that won the Nascent Rebirth Pill from earlier." Hearing these words from Julian, Valyr perked up his ears in curiosity. After all, he had wondered earlier if the man would be able to return to their clan safely. "Utilizing these individual information brokers, a lot of people, including myself, were able to obtain a great amount of information about him within minutes," said the man, sighing not long after. "In fact, I've just received a report earlier that the man had been ganged up on by multiple masked individuals about a hundred meters away from his estate. Of course, any traces of the Nascent Rebirth Pill after that were nowhere to be found." "Is that so…" Though he felt a bit of pity for the man, Valyr swiftly discarded all his thoughts regarding the incident. After all, the two of them were just strangers in passing. "Anyways, which information brokers would you recommend to me?" "For organizations, I'll recommend you a few," replied Julian. "As for individuals… hmm… I guess only one of them would really be of use to you at the moment." "I am all ears." Thanking the man before him for sharing information on what would normally be something he had to obtain on his own, Valyr made sure to commit every word Julian would say to memory. "The first organization I'd recommend you to check out is the Red Tide," Julian told Valyr. "They're a large-scale organization situated in the Meltierre Empire, with their branch being around the kingdom's outskirts. Though they're great at information gathering, they're also known to have the best assassins and mercenaries in the continent if you're in need of those." "I'll keep that in mind." Valyr nodded, allowing Julian to move onto the second one. "The next organization I'll be recommending is the Nine Stars Pavilion," continued Julian. "It was originally a small group of nine talented information brokers, with each achieving feats many couldn't believe. However, they were able to expand their influence to cover the entire continent within a couple hundred of years, becoming the go-to large-scale organization for many people when it comes to general information." "If I remember correctly, you could also request them to obtain information on a specific item or event and they'll give it to you within a few days." At these words, Valyr nodded once more, thinking to himself that he might use the Nine Stars Pavilion more than the Red Tide. . "As for the last organization, that would be none other than the Algerie Kingdom's very own Alzahar Information Alliance." As Julian said these words, Valyr's eyes faintly widened in surprise. "Unlike the two previous organizations, the Alzahar Information Alliance is only a medium-scale organization. However, it's pretty close to becoming a large-scale organization thanks to a recent partnership, so you could expect the same quality of information from them." "Then, for the person I'd recommend you to look for…" By the time Julian had approached this topic, he could not help but let out a slight chuckle, prompting Valyr to look at him with faint confusion. Though, once the man had continued his explanation, Valyr quickly understood why. "Have you heard of the name Braum Gladios before?" Chapter 551: Unlikely Encounter "Seriously?" Hearing Julian mention a name that he was familiar with, Valyr let out a slightly exasperated sigh. Pondering over the man's suggestion for a bit, it
