perspective, Valyr could not help but feel Mystia was messing with him. Sure, he had already affected the Zeihardt clan because he was born, and he was bound to change a great portion of Veldanyr with his plans to make sure his side wouldn't lose the final battle. But why did he feel like the woman was only operating on a hunch? "Could you give me more proof as to why I'm a Harbinger?" Letting out a low sigh as his level of belief towards the woman's words gradually returned to how it was before, Valyr eventually decided to give Mystia one more chance to explain herself and her thought process, considering that her earlier words did cause a reaction from the system. "Well, I have quite a few." Mulling over the words she had spoken to the young man earlier, Mystia eventually agreed with the young man's response, feeling that her explanation of him being a Harbinger did seem quite nonsensical. After all, even though she had predicted Valyr's future, she wasn't entirely sure if Valyr's level of strength at that time would rise to the level where it could affect the entire world. With that, she approached her new explanation from a perspective that she was incredibly well-versed in. "I mentioned earlier that I read through the history of multiple clans, right?" Saying these words, Mystia waited for the young man to respond back. Fortunately, it did not take long for Valyr to say yes, allowing her to continue with her explanation. "Well, as an imperial adviser, it's pretty much recommended for us to read through the history of the clans that existed throughout the years, using them as a basis to make decisions for the future," said the woman, her voice echoing from the crystal. "After all, those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it." "In any case, out of all of the clan histories I've read through, the Zeihardt clan is among the ones I am most well-read in." At these words, she began to speak with more confidence. "My knowledge of the Zeihardt clan's history even goes far back to the Age of Uprising, when the Zeihardt clan was first established." "While reading through its history, I've come across a few documents that talked about the predictions made by the ancestor of the Zeihardt clan, Otto Zeihardt himself." "Oh?" Hearing those words, Valyr raised his eyebrow in interest, wondering what a man like Otto had predicted to happen. "Though most of the predictions were related to the human race and how they would eventually prosper in the far future, Otto had also made a few predictions regarding the state of the Zeihardt clan by the time he wasn't around." "Amidst the ebb and flow of the waves, a star shall twinkle once again, radiating a faint light that will show the way." Saying these words, Mystia took on a solemn tone, prompting Valyr to remain silent. "After many people have made their attempts to decrypt this passage, we were eventually able to find out that he was talking about the Heralds, people who would be able to lead the Zeihardt clan and bring it to prosperity once more." "However, that passage is only considered the first part of the prediction. Let me recite the passage that comes after," said Mystia not long after, to which Valyr perked up his ears. "Once six stars have lit the way, only then shall the seventh star awaken. Once it awakens, its light shall blind the world, with everyone's focus on this blinding light. With this light in hand, this star shall change the world anew." "Though it is similar to the prediction for the Heralds, it differs from it in multiple ways." After Mystia was done reciting the prediction, she then went ahead and explained the finer details of it. "For one, there is the mention of a seventh star. At first, many people thought that it talked about the number of generations that passed after a Herald was born." "Then, there's the mention of a blinding light. To be honest, this part stumped people for many years, with many possible meanings behind it," she added, faintly chuckling. "Fortunately, with the help of a great number of skilled people, we were finally able to decrypt what Otto Zeihardt wanted to say through this prediction around a few months ago." "What did he want to say?" With how invested he was in her explanation after reaching this point, it was no surprise that Valyr asked. "If our decryption is correct, he said that there will eventually arrive a day where a member of the clan will be born with the same level of strength as him. To be more specific, that member would be the seventh Herald to be part of the clan." "Wait… don't tell me…" Pondering over Mystia's words for a bit, a slight frown appeared on the young man's face. Though, as if a light bulb went on in his head, his eyes soon went wide open as an unbelievable thought came to mind. "Yes, Valyr." Unexpectedly, Mystia confirmed his thoughts. "According to his predictions, you are the seventh Herald he was talking about." Ding! Chapter 543: Ancestral Blood Sirius' office. "Ylvar isn't the person I think of him to be?" Listening to the words of the man before him, Julian scratched the back of his head, wondering what kind of perspective the man was going to take. "What do you mean by that?" "You should really listen to this one, Julian." Seeing how nonchalant Julian was during their conversation, Sirius could not stop himself from letting out a sigh. "As a good friend, even if it's mostly for business, I look out for your safety. Julian, that Ylvar has a hidden identity you don't even know." "What hidden identity?" Finally understanding what Sirius was hinting at, Julian decided to drop all pretenses and showcase his knowledge to the man. "The fact that Ylvar is actually Valyr Zeihardt?" "Yes, exactly!" Hearing Julian's words, Sirius profusely nodded in agreement. "Ylvar is actually Valyr Zeihardt! He's been hiding as… wait…" "You knew?" "How could I not?" Seeing the confused yet surprised look on his friend's face, Julian did not whether to laugh or continue taking on a serious expression. "As one of the higher-ranked leaders of the Blacksmith Guild, I need to make sure that no malicious people enter our class guild. With that in mind, even false identities are checked in great detail." "Of course, due to the sensitive nature of the young man's identity, I've decided to have the false identity stay," he added. "After all, only bad things would happen if this kingdom's Zeihardt clan caught wind of him being here." 'Then again, I never expected the kid to be so courageous to share his real identity with the Blacksmith Guild,' thought Julian to himself as he said these words. Though, if he knew that Valyr had shared his real identity just because he did not know his name had possible consequences to it, it went without saying that Julian might faint from shock. "So, you know, huh." As he listened to his friend's explanation in silence, Sirius eventually nodded in agreement, feeling that the man's words made sense. "Does anyone else know about this?" asked Julian as he realized something, looking at Sirius with a slightly cold expression. "Ylvar being Valyr, I mean." "I have sworn a mana oath with the Imperial Alchemist to not divulge any information about the young man's true identity to anyone else, except for other people that knew of his true identity already," replied Sirius, understanding the man's worries. "Now that I think about it, that's probably why the Imperial Alchemist told me that it was fine for me to share the information with you." "In any case, the fact that you know about it already saves me the trouble of having to explain to you his identity and head straight to the predictions the Imperial Alchemist had given me," said the man not long after, catching Julian a bit by surprise. "Wait… the Imperial Alchemist can see the future?" asked Julian, to which Sirius nodded in response. "Even I was surprised when I first heard it," replied Sirius, taking a hint of delight at his friend's surprised expression. "However, I did confirm it with a couple of people I trust from the clan. They say that the Imperial Alchemist is also known as one of the empire's greatest imperial advisers to ever leave, having a subclass that allows her to see into the future." "And… I presume this prediction has something to do with Valyr?" Putting two and two together in his mind, it did not take long for Julian to get to the crux of the matter, with Sirius nodding in agreement. "That is indeed the case." Sirius let out a faint sigh before taking in a deep breath. "According to her…" "Valyr will become the reason for humanity's downfall." … Ding! As Mystia had reached the conclusion of her explanation, a notification sound resounded within Valyr's mind, prompting him to command the system to bring up the notification screen before him. 'How many more layers are there to this identity of mine?' Reading through the notifications he had received, a wry smile eventually crept up onto the young man's lips, inwardly letting out a sigh as he brought up the description of the skill he had obtained. [You have gained an important piece of information regarding your true identity.] [The skill 'Royal Blood of the Chosen' has transformed due to the piece of information you've gained. The skill's name has been changed to 'Ancestral Blood of the Zeihardts'.] [Only a few steps remain before you truly find out who you are. Nevertheless, many things shall remain to stand in your way as you try to seek for it. Surpass all of those, and all the shackles that have been binding you thus far will finally be removed at last.] Ding! [Ancestral Blood of the Zeihardts] (Lv. MAX) Rarity: Mythic+ The founder of the Zeihardt clan is said to be a being of his own caliber, having the ability to wield great amounts of strength, as well as limitless stamina and vitality. As a descendant of the founder, you have inherited a greater portion of the man's blood compared to your peers, becoming known as a Herald of the clan. However, rather than inherit just a greater portion of the man's blood, you instead have inherited not only the entirety of your blood, but also his strength, stemming from your connection with the man as part of the Zeihardt Imperial Clan. Because of this, you are able to wield a level of strength that far surpasses any Herald to have ever lived in history, becoming a Harbinger. If anything, the only being capable of having a strength on par with you being the ancestor of the Zeihardt clan, Otto Zeihardt itself. Though such information is unknown to many at the moment, this information shall eventually spread like wildfire through the continents, causing you to become a target for everyone to befriend with, or for everyone to kill. Naturally, such a conclusion depends on your future actions. This skill increases all of the user's stats by 15%. It also increases the user's maximum HP and MP by 20%. Note: A thin curtain is the only thing stopping you from discovering your true identity. Rise through adversities and figure out what your true purpose is. Once you do, the truth shall be revealed and you shall be set free, Harbinger. 'A 5% increase to all of my stats, as well as my HP and MP…' Looking through the upgrade his passive skill had gone, Valyr could not help but think that such a massive increase in power was quite absurd if it could be obtained through gathering more information about himself. Nevertheless, with how he did not much about the Zeihardt clan until he had been given a second shot in life, it also made sense that the system had done it this way. Closing up the screens he had brought up, Valyr took in a few deep breaths as he made it seem like he had been pondering over the information he had just heard from Mystia. Then, after a while, he eventually asked her a question that continued where their conversation had left off. "Are you sure that I'm the seventh Herald? Are you sure that I'm the Harbinger the ancestor was talking about?" he asked. "After all, hasn't there only been six Heralds throughout the history of the Zeihardt clan?" "You've read up quite a bit on the history of the Zeihardt clan, I see," responded Mystia after a bit of silence. "In any case, though it is true that there have only been six Heralds throughout the clan's history, it is considered that the ancestor of the Zeihardt clan is a Herald and a Harbinger, thus making you the seventh Herald." "As well as the second Harbinger," Mystia added at the very last minute. . "If that's the case, is there anything that happens that signifies that I'm the second Harbinger? I don't really feel anything different from how I was earlier." Though the system had confirmed that Valyr was indeed the Harbinger she was talking about, the young man would not let anyone else but himself know about this for the meantime, deciding to take advantage of the fact that she could not see the changes he had gone through in person. "Are you sure that I'm the seventh Herald? Perhaps the ancestor was counting to seven from the Herald that came after him and not himself." "Eh? You don't feel anything different?" Asking a question of her own back, Mystia's tone was that of slight shock. "According to the prophecy Otto had given, a Harbinger would undergo through a great increase in strength after finding out this information." "Nope," said Valyr, blatantly lying through his teeth. "I seriously don't feel anything at all." "Was our decryption wrong?" After hearing Valyr's response, Mystia began to doubt the effort she and others had put a great amount of their time in. "Did we possibly misread some of the text written on the passage? Have we been reading it from the wrong direction all this time?" "Er… I have a question." Though Valyr slightly felt guilty at the fact that he made Mystia feel like all of her work was for nothing, he placed this feeling at the back of his head and suppressed it for the meantime, reminding himself to tell her that him being a Harbinger was true once he had gotten a bit stronger. "What is it?" Still stressed over the fact that their decryption might be wrong, Mystia responded back in a slightly angry tone, only to calm down once she recalled she was still talking to Valyr. "If you don't mind…" Twiddling his thumbs, the young man asked her a question. "Could you tell me what these items you gave me in more detail?" Chapter 544: The Pill And The Vial "Right. You also wanted to talk about that." Though the possibility of their decryption being wrong still lingered in her mind, Mystia decided to place the thought at the back of her head for the meantime, letting out a sigh as she gathered her thoughts. "Well... the first item I'll be explaining in detail is something Sirius has already explained during the auction," said Mystia, revealing to Valyr her connection with Sirius through her words. "I presume you've attended the auction?" "Yeah." Nodding in response, Valyr looked at the golden orb he had received from Sirius, recalling the different feeling the orb had given him compared to the orb shown in the auction. "The Nascent Rebirth Pill, right?" "Correct." Subconsciously nodding in agreement to his words, Mystia continued with her explanation. "During the auction, Sirius mentioned that the Nascent rebirth Pill compresses one's mana, enhances one's vitality, as well as increases one's stats by 50 points each." "However, unlike the Nascent Rebirth Pill I've given to Sirius for him to sell, the Nascent Rebirth Pill I've given you is somewhat different in a way," she continued, letting out a faint chuckle. "Aside from the fact that the amount of ingredients I've used to concoct the pill I've given you is considerably greater than the amount I used to concoct the pill sold during the auction, all of the pill's effects have been greatly strengthened." "Of course, that includes the pill's effect of increasing all of your stats." As Valyr visualized Mystia faintly grinning as she said these words, it went without saying that the young man's interest was greatly piqued, wondering to himself how much stronger the pill he had gotten was compared to the one in the auction. "Hmm... now that I think about it, I guess I should call it by another name since its effects are considerably different from the Nascent Rebirth Pill's," Mystia said all of a sudden amidst the silence, prompting Valyr to perk up his ears as he listened to the woman's words. "I guess calling it the True Rebirth Pill is a better fit." "Anyways, Sirius mentioned earlier that the Nascent Rebirth Pill compresses one's mana and enhances one's vitality." Hearing Mystia's words, Valyr nodded in agreement, continuing to attentively listen. "In contrast, the True Rebirth Pill not only improves on that compression to mana and enhancement to vitality..." "It also gives you a corresponding skill that enhances that effect even further." "Any idea on what that skill is?" Feeling his curiosity towards the skill Mystia mentioned become stronger, Valyr went ahead and asked a very obvious question to her. "Sadly, I have no clue on what skill it gives you." However, even Mystia was clueless on what kind of skill the pill would give the young man, only working out the skill's effects through her great experience as an alchemist, as well as a bit of guesswork. "All I know is that it'll undoubtedly be of great help to you in the long run." "How about the boost to one's stats?" Seeing that even Mystia had no idea on what kind of skill the pill would give him, the young man decided to move onto the pill's other effect. "How much of an increase is it compared to the pill's original effect?" "About 30 points each," replied Mystia succinctly, causing Valyr's eyes to widen in surprise. "In total, you gain 80 points from each stat." "Wow." For a while, the young man was left at a loss for words, trying to process the information as best as he could. In the end, he could only utter out a sound in response, still unable to wrap his head around the increment. After all, having a stat of 80 points was already on the level of a being at the peak of Rank 1. In fact, some beings at the beginning levels of Rank 2 also had stats around that level. With that, it went without saying that increasing all of his stats by 80 points would undoubtedly increase his strength in all fields, even though his combat strength could already rival beings that were solidly at Rank 4. He had a feeling that the pill would allow his strength to rival those at the peak of Rank 4, perhaps even rival those that fully comprehended their Intent. "How about the vial?" Feeling more than satisfied with the information he had obtained regarding the pill, Valyr moved onto the vial of viscous purple fluid he had gotten. "About that... I don't really have a name for that, actually." Hearing Valyr's question, Mystia let out an awkward chuckle. "All I have to say about it is that the vial complements the pill's effects." "Well, that and the fact that it also allows you to connect to a unique type of energy," added the woman soon after, making Valyr raise his eyebrow in curiosity. "Though, I'll only explain the energy in greater detail after you consume both items." However, before the young man could even ask about it, Mystia had interrupted him, causing the young man to wryly smile in response. "Is there a specific order on how I consume these items?" Wanting to know more about the unique energy Mystia had mentioned as soon as possible, Valyr made up his mind to consume both items the very moment he had obtained the corresponding instructions from her. "Nothing too complicated," said Mystia in response. "First, you consume the pill. Then, once you've fully absorbed the pill's effects, only then do you consume the contents of the vial." "Got it." Valyr nodded, taking in a deep breath as he mentally prepared himself for what he was going to do. Though she had not mentioned anything about it, the young man was certain that there were a few detrimental side effects that came along with consuming the pill, much less the vial Mystia had concocted on a whim. . "Alright. With that, I think I've pretty much said everything I wanted to say to you, so I'll end the conversation here for now." Unfortunately, just as the young man was hoping that the woman would wait for him to consume both of the items, Mystia instead ended their conversation then and there, making him feel a slight hint of disappointment. Though, as he thought about it for a bit, Valyr soon understood why she had to do it. Not only was she the empire's Imperial Alchemist, a being all alchemists in the empire looked up to, but she was also one of the empire's many imperial advisers. In other words, the fact that she had more than enough time to hold a long conversation with the young man was already a miracle in itself. In fact, it also wouldn't be far-fetched for one to think that she was holding a conversation with the young man while doing something else in the meantime. With that, as Mystia told Valyr that the crystal could be used to
