Valyr could not help but look at the audience that surrounded him and Theraldine. Though the venue of the forging duel between him and Theraldine would be held at the Blacksmith Guild's main hall, Valyr surmised that the number of people in attendance to watch this forging duel happen in front of him had exceeded a few hundred, perhaps even more. If anything, he felt that the number of people could have been greater than that if not for the fact that the entire main hall was already filled with people at this point. "Well, Dad definitely has a way to attract the attention of many people in a short span of time." Shrugging her shoulders in response as if the sight before her wasn't that surprising, Theraldine looked at Valyr beside her and nodded. Nodding back, the two of them went ahead and made their way onto the stage as the audience, which had been making noise all this time, gradually reduced their noise to murmurs as Valyr and Theraldine took up the workshops they would be occupying for the forging duel. "Before we begin this forging duel, I would like to thank everyone who has taken the time to attend." Whilst Theraldine and Valyr were checking to see if the items they would be using had any faults whatsoever, a booming voice resounded throughout the main hall as a middle-aged man appeared in front of the audience with a proud smile. "I am Julian Pyrrhia, the Guildmaster of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild," said Julian with a confident tone. "To those who have come to watch this event today as a member of the Blacksmith Guild, let this forging duel serve as motivation and drive for you to hone your skills in the craft to greater heights." "As for those who have come to watch this event today from outside, then I hope this forging duel allows you to have a brief glimpse at the Blacksmith Guild's greatest talents." "Now then… how about I introduce the two blacksmiths that shall be partaking in the duel today?" Chapter 460: Unknown To The Masses "Wooo!" Hearing the crowd surrounding the stage loudly cheer in response to his question, the smile on Julian's face widened as he suppressed the urge to laugh there and then. Taking a look at both Valyr and Theraldine for a bit, who were currently checking to see if any of the equipment they might be using had any faults with them, Julian soon gestured towards the audience to become silent as he began to introduce the two. "To my left is not only the greatest daughter a father could ever have, but is also one of the greatest talents to ever be a part of the Blacksmith Guild." Beginning his introduction of Theraldine, Julian gestured to the audience to look towards his daughter, who still looked to be oblivious of what was currently going on. "Being a part of the same Pyrrhia clan as me, she has inherited the clan's strongest forging art and has made a name for herself within the Algerie Kingdom as the Queen of Forge's Flames." "With that, I introduce to you, Theraldine Irideus Pyrrhia!" "Wooo!!!" With the crowd loudly cheering once more in response to Julian's introduction, the entire main hall was filled once more with noise as some of them began to talk about the feats they could recall that Theraldine had done. However, whilst the crowd was still in the midst of cheering for Theraldine, there was one specific group within that crowd that cheered louder than the rest, the words they exclaimed instantly making those surrounding them look at them with a hint of disgust. "You've got this, Queen!" "We, the Crimson Azure Knights, shall support you till our dying breath!" "What's a forging duel for someone like the Queen? She'll defeat her opponent no problem!" "Hey. If you don't mind me asking…" Taking notice of the outliers among the crowd that were cheering for the two of them, Valyr briefly stopped what he was doing and turned his head to look at Theraldine. "Do you know them? It seems like they're cheering on for you." "I do." Nodding in response, Theraldine let out a slightly exasperated sigh, showing Valyr how she felt about the cheers. "Ever since I started to gain a reputation in the field of blacksmithing, a group of people within the Blacksmith Guild that admired my craftsmanship decided to band together in support of whatever I did. As you've heard from their screams, they call themselves the Crimson Azure Knights, even though they don't really do any combat at all." "In other words, you've got a fan club going on." Hearing Valyr say these words, Theraldine thought about it for a bit before nodding in agreement. "Pretty much." "Have you tried asking them to not do something like that?" While the thought of the Crimson Azure Knights made Valyr think about his plans of creating an organization of his own once he was stronger, the young man threw a question at Theraldine that followed his original train of thought. "I've already tried." Theraldine bitterly smiled. "But rather than agree to it and disband, they instead began to praise me with even greater fervor, saying how I've taken note of their presence or something along those lines." "Yikes." At those words, Valyr slightly shuddered. From what the young woman had just told him, the Crimson Azure Knights to him now seemed more like a fanatic cult that revolved around Theraldine instead of a normal fan club. With his curiosity regarding the outlier in the audience satisfied, Valyr soon returned his attention back to the equipment he would be working with, with the materials he and Theraldine had requested for the forging duel arriving whilst Julian continued to chat with the crowd in order to give the two of them more time. "Since your true identity is quite the special topic, I'd suggest you give me a name you want me to use to introduce you." Just as he had begun to assess the quality of the items he had gotten his hands on, keeping it in mind as he thought about modifying part of the blueprint's steps, a notification sound resounded within Valyr's mind, informing him that Julian had sent him a message. "Hmm…" Reading through the message he had received, Valyr pondered over the question for a bit. "Do you only need a first name, or should I also give a last name as well?" "It's all up to you," Julian messaged in response. "Of course, if you want me to use Valyr, I'd be glad to do so. However, I'm sure that neither I nor you want to see the consequences of doing something like that." "That's definitely a given," replied Valyr. "I guess Ylvar would work." "The fake name you used while talking with that old man from the Spearman Guild, huh. Got it." With their conversation ending there, Valyr returned his attention back on the materials he would use in the forging duel, while Julian began introducing the young man to the audience. "As for the one on my right, unlike my daughter right here, this young man does not seem to be that impressive." "After all, if I were to ask you as to who he was, would you be able to answer?" Hearing this question being asked by Julian to the audience, Valyr wryly smiled, feeling a bit hurt from the words the man had spoken. Seeing almost the entire audience shake their heads in response to the question, a faint smirk appeared on the middle-aged man's lips as he continued. "To no one's surprise, all of you pretty much said no to my question. However, even though he may be unknown to everyone of you, his skills as a blacksmith are, in many ways, on par with Theraldine right there. The Blacksmith Guild can attest to that." In response to the words Julian had spoken about Valyr's skill, a few groups of people began to murmur with one another, doubting the former's words, even though he was the Guildmaster of the Blacksmith Guild. Nevertheless, Julian did not mind, instead finding it somewhat amusing as he knew that not only he would probably be surprised with what Valyr might do… But the audience as well. "Though I've mentioned earlier that this forging duel is a brief glimpse into the greatest talents of the Blacksmith Guild's younger generation, it's also a way for everyone to see if our young friend here has the skills to indeed be considered on par with Theraldine." "With all of that being said…" "Let us begin." Chapter 461: An Odd Decision With the crowd cheering one more time in response to Julian's words, the latter went ahead and laid out the rules that would be governing the forging duel between Valyr and Theraldine. "First and foremost, I shall be the arbiter of the forging duel between the two young and talented blacksmiths we have here today," said Julian once the crowd became silent. "Though I shall be enlisting the help of a couple high-tier blacksmiths in the background to determine the winner of the forging duel, I shall have the final say on the judgment." "I presume none of the people here have any complaints with that, right?" Asking this question to the audience surrounding the stage, Julian looked at them with rapt attention, wanting to see if anyone was going to voice any dissent towards the matter. Seeing that there were none, Julian faintly nodded before proceeding to move onto the next rule. "Second, the two duelists shall not disturb the other in any way, may it be through intentional distraction, sabotaging one's work, or anything that would fall under the scope of affecting the other's work." "The duelists shall be given a total of three warnings if they were to intentionally distract their opponent from putting all of their concentration on their work. Once a fourth warning has been given, the one that has been given the fourth warning shall be disqualified, while the other side shall be deemed as winner by default." "Of course, the duelists having conversations at idle times are allowed. After all, the early portions of the forging process more or less consists of having to wait for materials to reach the optimal forging temperature," added Julian, making it so that the rules were stringent yet not at the same time. "Aside from those two rules, the duelists are free to do whatever they want and use whatever means they have during the forging process. All special skills and special forging equipment that the duelist might have before the beginning of the forging duel could be used since those are considered a type of asset." "With that, the two of them shall be forging what is considered one of the most difficult types of equipment for a blacksmith to forge." As Julian said these words, the interest of the audience had been piqued, prompting them to lean a bit closer to hear the man's next words better. "To those that are part of the Blacksmith Guild, or perhaps a blacksmith not affiliated with the guild yet has accrued tons of experience, I'm certain that you already know what I'm talking about," said Julian, to which a considerable portion nodded in response, their expressions solemn. "As for those that only have a vague idea, or those that are truly not in the know, the type of equipment I am talking about are artifact replicas." "These types of equipment can be categorized into three stages, namely Emulations, Imitations, and Replicas. These artifact replicas are what our two duelists shall be attempting to forge for today's forging duel." "The artifact they shall choose to replicate are up to their own discretion." After saying these words, Julian then headed to an area that allowed him to get a view of the entire main hall while remaining hidden from the audience. Seeing that some people from the audience still looked around in search of his presence, Julian's voice soon resounded throughout the main hall, prompting everyone to focus their attention on the stage before him. "You may now begin." "Good luck." Saying these words to Valyr, Theraldine went ahead and began to light a fire in the furnace provided to her, keeping an eye on its temperature from time to time. "Same to you." Unsurprisingly, the young man also gave the young woman his well wishes before putting all of his focus on the task at hand. Lighting a small flame that would kickstart the roaring flames of the furnace, the young man soon began to chuck in a great amount of fuel into it, fanning the flames as he gradually got the furnace up to the temperature he needed. 'Hmm… have I upgraded my forging skills yet? Not sure.' While continuing to watch the flames within the furnace getting to the required temperature needed for his materials, a thought surfaced within Valyr's mind, causing him to bring up his list of skills in front of him not long after. 'Huh. I haven't.' Wryly smiling as he asked himself why he hadn't prioritized upgrading his forging skills even after he had already gone through two batches of ten skills, Valyr decided to go ahead and upgrade all of his forging skills to the limit while the furnace was still in the midst of warming up. Taking in a couple of deep breaths as he reminded himself that what he was doing was an incredibly stupid idea, the young man soon took out 10 Uncommon grade Skill Keys from his spatial bracelet before proceeding to upgrade all of his forging skills to Level 20, the maximum level that was possible for an Uncommon grade skill to have. Whoosh! "Mngh…" Instantly being bombarded by multiple waves of information that clashed in his mind, Valyr let out a faint groan as he sat down on the floor, trying to reduce the chances of him hurting himself as much as possible. Naturally, this action made quite a few from the audience look at the young man in curiosity, wondering to themselves why he had stopped focusing his attention on the furnace. "How reckless." As for Julian, who was currently watching the two start up their respective furnaces, a bitter smile appeared on his face as he quickly realized what Valyr was doing. "You could've upgraded your skills while the stage was being prepared, you know." "Oh well. I'm sure he knows what he's doing. After all, he wouldn't be doing it in the first place if he didn't." Though a hint of concern appeared on the man's expression, Julian eventually decided to wait and see what would happen, trusting that the young man knew the consequences of his actions. "Haah… I am never going to do something like that in this kind of situation ever again." Fortunately, after the initial waves of information had subsided, Valyr had more or less regained control over his mind, allowing him to return most of his focus towards heating up the furnace whilst he continued to gain more information regarding his skills. "Then again, I really should have prioritized upgrading those before any of the combat skills I have." "In any case…" "Let's get this show on the road." Chapter 462: The Forging Begins Fwoosh! Fwoosh! "Since I have all this time to think, I should probably go over the step-by-step process of forging the hammer again." With the information he had gained from upgrading his forging skills to their max level now processed and organized in his mind, Valyr focused all of his attention on stoking the flames once more whilst he muttered his thoughts to himself. "There are three steps to forging the replica," said Valyr to himself, bringing up the blueprint he had created in his mind. "Wait, I was wrong. There are actually four steps to forging it." "The first step is to obtain the purest essence of the four foundational elements from the materials I have requested specifically for this purpose." Continuing to watch the flames inside the furnace, the young man briefly shifted his gaze towards a nearby table where all of the materials he had requested were neatly laid out. Focusing his sights on one specific group of materials, a faint confident smile appeared on the young man's smile as he sensed the aura of the four elements faintly emanating from them, waiting to burst out at any moment. "After that, the second step is to find a way to have these four elements exist in harmony, while also making it seem that there was no element in the first place." Muttering these words, he then shifted his gaze to another group of materials he had chosen, taking in a deep breath as he thought about the difficulty of the task. "At my current rank, that's the best material I could work with that could make it happen." "I really hope it becomes a success, even if partially." "Ah. Time to chuck some of them in." Seeing that the flames within the furnace had finally reached the optimal temperature in his mind, Valyr went ahead and threw in quite a few of the materials he had requested, arranging them neatly within the furnace with a pair of tongs. "With this, I'll be able to keep track of which material goes where." "Now, where was I?" Now returning to a state where he had to wait for something to complete before being able to make a move, Valyr sat on the provided chair as he continued muttering the steps of the blueprint to himself, making sure that he went over every possible detail in mind. "First is to bring out the purest essence of the elements, second is to fuse them and make them stable, then the third one would be…" "Right. The third step is to forge a vessel that would be able to handle the energy from the four elements combined," said Valyr to himself, shifting his attention towards a group of materials on the table that were made up mostly of metals. "Since it would be difficult for a single material to hold all of that energy, it would be better for me to forge an alloy that would do it better." "Of course, if I got my hands on some Refined Orichalcum, or even some Impure Orichalcum-Mithril Alloy, then that alone would have been more than enough to contain all of the energy." "Then again, Refined Mithril is already a rarity to come across, even in a kingdom like this one, so I shouldn't be complaining, especially since I've gotten it for free." Recalling that he had not paid anything for the materials he would be using, Valyr reminded himself to be extremely careful in handling all of the materials, making sure that none of them would go to waste and would go towards the completion of his forging hammer. "After I create the alloy and mold it into the shape of a forging hammer, the fourth and final step would be to fuse the elements and alloy together, making sure that the two fully meld with one another." As Valyr went over this step in his mind, the young man could not help but scratch the back of his head, wondering how high his chances of success would be if the time to actually do it eventually came. Though his current stats had already exceeded the scope of what a normal Rank 2 class holder would have, Valyr got the odd feeling that it was still lacking in some way, recalling how high stats were back in his past life when he attempted to do something similar. "If I remember correctly, all of the significant stats need in the forging process at the time were already in the four digits," Valyr muttered to himself, letting out a faint sigh soon after. "Even with that, I was only able to emulate around 3% of the properties of the forging artifact I chose." "And I chose to forge one of the strongest legendary forging artifacts at that. One that was simpler to forge compared to the others, even." "Well… since I'm attempting to forge the strongest among the strongest legendary forging artifacts, even successfully emulating a single percent of its original properties is more than enough to be considered a success." Deciding not to put too much pressure on himself, Valyr eventually stopped thinking about his attempts at forging artifact replicas from his past life, instead focusing his attention on what was in front of him as he threw a few more materials into the furnace a couple of minutes later. "How are you holding up?" While keeping an eye on a couple of materials within the furnace that seemed close to reaching optimal forging temperature, Valyr heard Theraldine ask him a question, prompting him to look at her and respond. "Doing well so far. How about you?" "Also doing quite well. Gonna have to start hammering a couple of things in about a minute or so, though." As Theraldine said these words, she gave Valyr the feeling from her tone that the materials she had put in her furnace would actually take longer than a minute, and that she wanted to pass the time through conversation. Unfortunately, Valyr wouldn't give him the chance to. "Is that so? You should keep a closer eye on your materials, then." Reminding the young woman of the materials in her furnace, Valyr returned his attention to the furnace before him as he deftly used a pair of tongs to remove a couple of materials from the furnace that were ready to hammer. "Refined Mithril and Hardened Manafrost." Valyr looked at the materials he had placed on the anvil, both of which were glowing a faint yellow-orange. After that, he grabbed the forging hammer that had been supplied to them and tossed it a few times to check its weight. "Guess I'll start with the third step first." Inwardly nodding at the balance of the hammer in satisfaction,
