Combat Style] and [Shadow Serpent Movement Style] has improved by a further 10%." With the changes to [Shadow Eye] being minimal after the upgrade, Valyr then moved onto the next skill affected by his upgraded subclass, his eyebrows slightly raising in interest as he continued to read. "It also affects [Shadow Serpent Magic Style], as well as [Basic Shadow Energy Manipulation]. Neat." "Let's move onto the various styles," muttered Valyr to himself, closing the screen that contained [Shadow Energy Empowerment]'s description as he commanded the system to bring up the description of all three styles related to the subclass. However, just as he was about to go through them to take a look at their changes… Ding! [Julian Pyrrhia (Lvl. 96) has sent you a message.] … … … "Come to the Blacksmith Guild tomorrow before the sun rises." "I'll tell you more about it when you get here." Chapter 524: The Best Way To Earn Money "You really had to send a message at that kind of time." Letting out a long sigh as he sat upright, Valyr slowly got out of bed and went through his usual daily routine, the message Julian had sent him last night lingering in his mind. "Sure, I was eventually able to sleep, but it definitely made it slightly harder." Allowing the cold water from the shower flow over his body, Valyr thought about the various possibilities as to why the Blacksmith Guild's guild leader would send such a message. Ignoring the fact that he had completely thrown away the thought of checking out the skills upgraded by his new subclass after reading the message, the young man first thought that it might have something to do with the ongoing orc outbreak, prompting him to think that Julian wanted him to come to the Blacksmith Guild early in order to inform him more about it. However, after thinking about it for a bit more, he eventually recalled the response he had gotten from Julian back when he was returning to the tournament, having to take a detour to the Spearman Guild to obtain his Shadow Serpentine Manalancer subclass. 'Didn't he say he would prefer me to come tomorrow?' Opening up the chat function in his mind, Valyr eventually found the exact message he was thinking about, causing his train of thought to move away from the topic of the orc outbreak and onto Julian's cryptic message instead. Though, with there not being much information to extract upon such a message, the young man felt like he had returned to square one, just with a few more clues to work off on. "Well, whatever it may be, I sure hope it's more than enough to make up for a few more hours of good sleep." Letting out a yet another sigh, Valyr eventually got out of the shower and dried himself off before changing into a set of clean clothes. Taking a quick peek at Wells, who was still sound asleep, he then took a look out the room's window, bitterly smiling as the sun was nowhere close to peeking out of the horizon yet. Then, wondering if he should send a message to Wells in advance to inform him of where he was going, it was there that Valyr realized he hadn't added Wells to his friend list yet, prompting him to wonder how he'd forgotten something so simple as he wrote a quick note instead. Donning the full set of Nascent Wyvern Armor, which was still greatly mangled from the fight against the Ancient Elite tier Juvenile Shadow Serpent, Valyr eventually left the inn where they stayed, walking through the somewhat barren streets of Algerie City as he leisurely made his way to the Blacksmith Guild. … "Well, you look worse for wear." While making his way to the Blacksmith Guild, Valyr took a small detour to grab some breakfast using the money he had borrowed from Wells. Reminding himself that he would repay his debt to Wells once he obtained his earnings from the equipment he had forged, he then arrived at the guild a few minutes later, only to be led to Julian's workshop after showing his identification badge. . "You could definitely say that again." Hearing the words Julian said to him the very moment the two of them met, a wry smile appeared on Valyr's face as he briefly glanced at the set of armor he was wearing. The reason why he had brought the set of Nascent Wyvern Armor along with him in the first place was because he planned to repair it using the Blacksmith Guild's tools. With how he had obtained the leader position for the upcoming expedition in the tournament, he had a feeling that Julian wouldn't mind if he used a bit of the guild's resources to repair his armor set, especially if it was the armor set he was going to use in the inheritance. "If you want to use some of the guild's resources to repair it, you're free to do so." Of course, with Valyr coming to that conclusion in his mind, it was no surprise that Julian had come to the conclusion as well, letting out a faint chuckle after seeing the young man's expression light up in response. "I'll repair it later." Though his intentions in bringing the armor along with him were exposed, Valyr showed his gratitude to Julian before deciding to change the topic of the conversation to what he thought it was supposed to be. "In any case, why did you have me come to the guild so early? Does this have something to do with the message you sent me back when I was returning from the tournament?" "Actually, yes." Thud. As Julian responded to Valyr's question with a nod, the former headed to a certain portion of the workshop before lifting up what looked to be a large cloth sack that seemed to have a lot of items in it. Carrying the sack as if it were paperweight, the man unceremoniously dropped it on the ground before Valyr, which caused the ground to tremble for a bit. "What…" Looking at the cloth sack in front of him, Valyr decided to move closer to it after Julian gestured to him that it was his to take. Though curious at first as to what the sack might contain, a thought eventually surfaced within the young man's mind as he began to attempt lifting it up. "Is this… what I think it is?" Letting go of the sack after getting a feeling of how heavy it was, Valyr looked at Julian with a hint of expectation as the question left his mouth, only for it to turn into that excitement once the latter had confirmed it. "Yes. That right there is the profit your equipment has made after it was sold through the guild's markets." "Doesn't something like this take longer than a couple of days to procure?" Wanting to see how much money he had made, Valyr unhesitatingly opened the cloth sack, revealing a portion of the tons of the gold coins that seemed to be stored within it. After that, he looked at Julian before him with slight curiosity. "Well, that would normally be the case." Hearing Valyr's question, Julian nodded in agreement. "However, with the orc outbreak gradually ramping up, as well as the fact that the name Ylvar has become more prominent thanks to that feat you've achieved, something like this is to be expected." "How much profit did the equipment make in total?" Nodding after a bit of silence as the reasoning made sense, Valyr then asked Julian the question he wanted the answer to the most… Only to be left at a complete loss for words once he did. "Well, excluding the price of having to advertise the equipment, as well as the commission fee the guild gets from selling the equipment in the first place…" "What you have right there, in gold coins…" "…is about 300 platinum coins of pure profit." Chapter 525: Has Always Been Auctions "…" For quite some time, Valyr could not wrap his head around the figure Julian had uttered. Though he was used to earning and spending far higher amounts of money in his past life, such an amount of money could only be obtained after he had worked hard on forging for weeks, perhaps even months. In comparison, he obtained 300 platinum coins by just forging equipment for what was roughly half a day. Even when he compared it to the time when he owned a smithy in Clossbay City, the total amount of money he earned during his time of owning it only amounted to a third of what he had gotten at most. "You… you aren't joking, right?" Still feeling a bit of disbelief, Valyr looked at Julian and asked for confirmation, to which the latter responded with a firm nod. nnra.com "Why would I joke about matters involving money?" said Julian in response. "Your equipment really did sell for that much in total… well, it sold for more than that if you took the guild fees into consideration, but you know what I mean." "I… see." Taking in a few deep breaths to compose himself, Valyr did a few equations in his head, coming to the conclusion that the ten pieces of equipment he had given to Julian had given him roughly 30 platinum coins of profit each. Considering that the guild would also take a chunk of the profit from it, that meant that the equipment he forged were sold for 40 platinum coins, perhaps even higher. "How did it even sell for that much?" With the thought in mind, the young man soon asked Julian another question, even though the answer to that question was already something he completely knew. "As I've mentioned before, thanks to that forging duel between you and my daughter, the name Ylvar has become more prominent, causing a lot of people to flock towards the equipment you've forged once we've announced that it was for sale." Pondering over the question for a bit, it was only after a minute of silence or so did Julian open his mouth. "However, what truly caught people's attention was the rarity of the equipment, as well as the stats they offered," he continued, indirectly hinting to Valyr that the artifact he had forged was a major reason towards the high prices they sold for. "Combine it with the fact that there were only nine of them and the thought that Ylvar wouldn't forge another set of equipment after this one, we were able to sell them for prices ranging around 40 to 60 platinum coins each." "I had a feeling it was like that." Gaining assurance that his initial thoughts were correct, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he finally came to terms with the amount of money he had received. Though it was still a minuscule amount of money in the grand scheme of things, 300 platinum coins was more than enough for him to do all of the things he planned on doing. 'I'll set aside 20 platinum coins for the meantime to repay the debt I still haven't paid to Arcenne and her father,' thought Valyr to himself, recalling the duo that had helped him back when he was staying in Clossbay City. 'I'll probably have to enlist Julian's help in this to make sure the money goes directly to them.' 'After that, I'll set aside another 10 platinum coins to buy the materials needed to return the Nascent Wyvern Armor to pristine condition.' Though Valyr greatly appreciated the fact that Julian had given him free reign over the materials within the guild to repair his armor set, now that he had obtained a windfall of money, he was planning to use his own money to pay for the materials instead, not wanting to abuse the man's goodwill. 'Hmm… aside from buying some passive skill books from the Boundless Skill Pavilion… do I have enough money left to buy that thing?' Mulling over where he would spend the money for a bit more, he eventually recalled one of the main reasons why he had decided to forge equipment for selling in the first place, remembering one of the more important materials needed to upgrade his Nascent Wyvern Armor to the next rarity. "Say, Julian. Would the money I currently have on hand be enough to obtain a Wyvern Core?" A Wyvern Core. That was the material Valyr had mentioned to Julian back when he was forging that he was planning on buying. Being the source of a wyvern's strength, a Wyvern Core only appeared in those that were classified as True Wyverns, a step above the Juvenile Wyverns, which was the source of the parts Valyr used in upgrading his armor set to the current Nascent Wyvern Armor. However, because Wyvern Cores could only be obtained from True Wyverns by killing them, Wyvern Cores usually fetched high prices, considering that the weakest True Wyvern one could find was already at the peak of Rank 4, commonly even having comprehended an Intent of their own. "Unfortunately, it's not enough," said Julian in response, causing Valyr's expression to turn glum. "However, as long as we sell the Epic grade spear you forged, you'll probably have more than enough to get your hands on one." Though, after he heard the man's next words, the frown on Valyr's face turned into that of confusion. 'Wait a minute…' Fortunately, it did not take long for him to dispel the confusion he felt, realizing that Julian had mentioned earlier in the conversation that the 300 platinum coins came from nine out of the ten pieces of equipment he had forged, completely different from his original thought that the coins came from all ten pieces of equipment being sold. "You're telling me… the Epic grade spear I enhanced hasn't been sold yet?" Finally understanding what was going on, Valyr soon asked a question that prompted Julian to nod in response. "Though it would have definitely sold for a high price without a problem if I were to sell it like the other pieces of equipment you've forged, since I thought about the Wyvern Core you wanted to buy and also thought that you were in dire need of money, I decided to pull a couple of strings and use some favors I had lying around." Saying these words, Julian flashed a grin at the young man, whose curiosity was only increased by the former's next few words. "Actually, this is the main reason why I asked you to come to the Blacksmith Guild this early." "It's because the Epic grade spear you forged…" "…shall be the main attraction of the impromptu auction that's being held later." Chapter 526: Perks Of A Leader "An impromptu auction? Is the next auction still far away from being held?" As the question left Valyr's mouth, the young man knew very well that auctions were generally held at certain intervals, which would allow the auction houses to have enough time to accumulate enough precious items that could be sold for high prices. With that in mind, the term 'impromptu auction' somewhat confused the young man. After all, if there was only a small bit of time left before the auction, say a month or a couple of weeks before the set time, one could instead ask to bring it forward and include his spear as an item to be sold in the auction. With the level of authority he held as the leader of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild, Julian could easily do that. inna.o Yet, from what Julian was implying through his words, it looked like there was more to the matter than it initially seemed. "Well, about that…" Flashing a bitter smile at Valyr's question, Julian let out a low sigh. "Due to the orc outbreak becoming a more common topic among the people, especially the noble families and clans, the time for the usual auction was brought forward, pretty much leaving all of the auction houses with next to no items to sell." "But, as I've said earlier, I was able to make an impromptu auction happen by pulling a couple of strings and using a few favors from some people I've met in the past," added Julian, faintly making Valyr wonder as to why the former was going to such great lengths to help him out. "Fortunately, the auction houses were on board with the idea since they wanted to capitalize on the increased demand for precious items due to the orc outbreak," said the man after that, a slightly proud smile adorning his face soon after. "Eventually, other special people joined in as well, bringing the quantity and quality of items to be sold in the impromptu auction to a level where it was more or less comparable to a normal one." "And since you've had me come here to the guild so early… I'm guessing the impromptu auction is going to be held later?" Feeling like the answer to his earlier thoughts were not that deep, Valyr pushed the thought aside for the meantime as he asked Julian a question. "I wouldn't have sent you a message last night if it wasn't." In response, Julian gave the young man a playful grin. "How many hours left till the auction starts?" Scratching the back his head for a bit, feeling slight regret at the fact he did not sleep in for a couple more hours, Valyr eventually shrugged his shoulders as he thought to himself that the current situation was not all that bad. "About six hours or so." Taking a look out his workshop to check on the sun's position, Julian eventually turned to look back at Valyr, who seemed to have an annoyed expression after hearing his response. Letting out a bit of awkward laughter in response to the expression, he then added, "With that much time left before the auction, I suppose you have more than enough time to restore your armor to its original condition, perhaps even enhance it." "Speaking of which, do you want me to convert the gold coins in the sack I've given you into platinum cards?" Though an annoyed expression still lingered on the young man's face, Valyr nodded in agreement to Julian's suggestion, thinking that even lugging around 300 platinum coins would be a faint burden. Similar to the conversion rates of the other types of coins Valyr had come across so far in his journey, a platinum card was equivalent to 100 platinum coins. If one were to convert a single platinum card into the lowest denomination of coins, then one would come face to face with a hundred million copper coins. With Julian proceeding to convert the gold coins he had given to Valyr into platinum cards, the two of them unsurprisingly spent the six hours before the auction in the Blacksmith Guild. During that time, he had asked for Julian's help in giving some of the platinum coins he had earned to Arcenne and her father while spending another portion of his money on some materials that he bought from the guild at a discounted price, using it to return his armor to the way it was. Eventually, the entire six hours had passed. … "So, what do you think?" Stepping foot into what looked to be a large theater, Valyr and Julian was instantly greeted by the sight of multiple people having already occupied the thousands of seats that were available, prompting the latter to look at the former with a slight grin. "Since it's impromptu, it's actually quite surprising to see so many people attend," said Valyr in response, being honest in his answer. Naturally, such an answer only made the grin on Julian's face become wider. "Which auction house are we currently in again?" "The Leio Auction House." Urging Valyr to follow him as the two made their way through the auction house's various corridors, Julian responded to the young man's question. "It's one of the more famous auction houses in the continent, being owned by the Meltierre Empire's Imperial Leio clan." "In any case, since the spear you forged is included in the list of items to be sold in this auction, we've been given a private room for us to watch the auction in its entirety." After walking for a few minutes through a somewhat narrow corridor, the two eventually arrived in front of a room that appeared minimalistic, yet seemed to be filled to the brim with amenities and creature comforts. "If you didn't know, VIPs of the Leio Auction House would be the only ones usually occupying this." "Oh, and also, if you want to bid on any items you find interesting during the auction, you're free to do so." Taking a seat on one of the exquisite chairs provided to them, Julian looked at the young man that sat beside him for a bit before turning his attention towards the stage at the very front. "Since you've obtained the leader position in the upcoming expedition into the Four Pillars' Inheritance, the Blacksmith Guild shall foot the cost of five items you may bid in the auction," said the man soon after, which left Valyr looking at Julian with a surprised expression. "There are still a couple more things the guild plans on giving you as a reward for upholding the Blacksmith Guild's reputation, but I'll save that for when the auction is over." Hearing these words, Valyr could not help but blink a couple of times, wondering to himself if he was dreaming. Though, with the hubbub and the clamor enveloping the entire space as it looked like the auction was about to start, a smile eventually emerged on Valyr's face as a thought popped up in his mind not long after. 'Man.' 'Being treated like this sometimes isn't that half-bad.' Chapter 527: The Auction Begins "To all of those that have been able to come here, welcome to the Leio Auction House once more." Just as it seemed
