to munch on his food, Valyr recalled the arrangement of the runes he had seen on the parchment he had picked up, getting to the conclusion that the runes formed part of a large magic circle. After that, he rummaged through his memories to see if there were any magic spells or the like that involved the usage of multiple runic parchments, only to come up empty-handed. Reminded of how he knew nothing about the runic parchments and what their purpose was, a slight frown appeared on Valyr's face as he continued to eat his food. Fortunately, by the time he was finished eating, this frown was nowhere to be found, instead being replaced with a look of determination as he promised himself that he was going to find out what the runic parchments' purpose was, swiftly making his way back to the entrances of the three dungeons within minutes. … While making his way to the entrance that led to the Uncommon Depths, Valyr noticed the man that stopped from heading straight to the entrances earlier, only allowing them to do so once the man was finished reminding them of the dangers of the dungeons. Seeing as the man had stopped another group of people from entering the dungeons, he briefly nodded at the man before focusing his attention on heading to the Uncommon Depths once more. Whoosh! Appearing within the beginning room of the dungeon, Valyr took a look at his surroundings, taking note of the fact that there was not much difference between the appearance of the Uncommon Depths and the Common Caves he had delved earlier. 'Then again, that's also the case back when I was a player. Same could be said about the Rare Abyss, actually.' Taking in a deep breath to prepare himself for the spike in difficulty that came alongside the change in name, Valyr went ahead and passed through the dark gray barrier that would lead him to the first area. Though, rather than be greeted by an absurdly long corridor, just like back in the Common Caves, what greeted the young man instead was a large circular hall, with a sparse number of dark skeletons roaming about. However, when compared to the skeletons from the Common Caves, the color of the bones of the skeletons in the Uncommon Depths seemed more gray rather than black, with the light behind their eye sockets now flickering at greater intensity. Aside from that, some of the skeleton parts were covered with dirty and tattered cloth, with all of them wielding a long staff that had a stone affixed to one of its ends. "[Analysis]." Ding! [Skeleton Acolyte (Uncommon Elite)] (Level 33) HP: 1,515/1,515 MP: 1,785/1,785 Stats: 101 VIT, 119 STR, 101 AGI, 50 DEX, 119 INT, 65 WIS, 65 PER, 50 LUK Remarks: Though they may have sacrificed some of their physical stats for magic, they remain a force to be reckoned with… even if they may still basically be a pile of bones. "If I remember correctly, I'll be facing against Skeleton Acolytes in this dungeon, while I'll be up against Skeleton Mages in the Rare Abyss," muttered Valyr to himself, deciding to brush up on his knowledge regarding the three dungeons. However, after pondering over it for a bit, he noticed a peculiar pattern. "Wait a second… now that I think about it, the three dungeons are arranged in a way that each dungeon exhibits greater usage of magic than the last." "I mean… I've also noticed that back then when I was a player, but I didn't think too much about it. At most, I just found it a cool coincidence." At those words, Valyr looked at the runic parchment that was currently in his spatial bracelet. "What if these runic parchments I'm collecting…" "…would lead me to the true reason behind the creation of these three dungeons?" "…" "…" "…" "Well, there's only one way to find out." Chapter 387: The Second Parchment Whoosh! fenl. Similar to what he had done in the Common Caves, Valyr relied on the magic skills he had picked up to deal all of the damage towards the Skeleton Acolytes he came across, utilizing the four basic elements to their entirety, as well as one of the basic elements' destructive variants. 'Pretty sure this dungeon used to feel harder back then.' At the moment, Valyr zoomed through a considerably long corridor filled with twists and turns, relying on Wind-attribute magic to make sure that the momentum lost with every turn he made would instead be conserved. Simultaneously, multiple blades of crimson flames circled around the young man's body, making sure that none of the Skeleton Acolytes would be able to come near him. 'Then again, I only had my trusty spear to rely on back then, plus the class and subclass I had wasn't as good as what I have right now.' "[Crimson Blaze]." Noticing that one of the skeletons in his vicinity was preparing to throw a magic spell towards him, Valyr extended his palm outward in the skeleton's direction before sending a scorching ball of crimson flames, which swiftly grew to double its size at the very last moment. Bang! '-1,642' Seeing the four digit number above its head gradually disappear as the skeleton transformed into a pile of ash, Valyr looked at the notification screen he had brought up to his side, a faint smile adorning his face as he took note of the amount of XP he had earned, as well as the additional notification that came alongside the kill. "Finally got another Uncommon grade Skill Key." Valyr briefly clenched his fists in excitement before proceeding to traverse the corridor before him. "With the 9 keys I've gotten from clearing the Common Caves, I'm now at a total of 17 Uncommon grade Skill Keys." "Not bad, considering that I'm still at the third room of the Uncommon Depths." Just like how the Common Caves consisted of 10 rooms that seemed to have undergone procedural generation, the layout of the Uncommon Depths was more or less the same, with one of the differences being the fact that one would have to go through 12 rooms to exit the dungeon instead of 10. Aside from that, unlike the Common Caves, one would have to fight against a mini-boss at the halfway mark, its strength around three tiers higher than the acolytes from what Valyr could remember. Of course, defeating the mini-boss would allow one to be rewarded accordingly, allowing them to obtain a considerable number of Skill Keys in one go. In fact, Valyr had heard from some players back then that they had gotten Skill Shards to drop from these mini-bosses as well, something Julian had brought up during their conversation about the Lesser Meltierre Mountains back in Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild. As for those who had failed to defeat their mini-boss in time… Surprisingly, they were all teleported to the entrance of the Uncommon Depths, prompting Valyr and many others back then to wonder whether these dungeons were purpose built to be a training ground of sorts. "In three more rooms, I'll fight against the mini-boss," muttered Valyr to himself as he eventually found himself at an area with multiple floating platforms, all of which had a group of Skeleton Acolytes on top of it. Assessing the number of foes that were on the platforms, the young man took in a deep breath before proceeding to conjure a maelstrom of earth and wind, deciding to decimate all of the skeletons by sending a barrage of large earth shards. "Of course, I should still keep an eye on that second runic parchment." … 'And with this, I'm finally done with the Uncommon Depths.' Watching as the tornado of crimson flames and wind he had cast engulf all of the Skeleton Acolytes in its vicinity, only leaving their ashes behind, Valyr let out a soft sigh of relief as he took a look at his notification screen, ignoring the notification sounds incessantly ringing in his mind as he counted the number of Skill Keys he had gained from this run. "A total of 28 Uncommon grade Skill Keys and 12 Common grade Skill Keys," said Valyr as he inwardly nodded. "Common grade Skill Keys aside, I'm still lacking a few more Uncommon grade Skill Keys to make sure that all of the skills I could upgrade would be at the max level of Uncommon grade." "Normally, I'd just do another run of the Uncommon Depths and purposefully lose to the mini-boss to get the remaining keys." Seeing as the tornado he had cast had finished doing its job, Valyr went ahead and conjured a large gust of wind, blowing all of the ashes on the ground to the edges as he proceeded to look for the second runic parchment. "But of course, with the runic parchment quest, I guess I'll head to the Rare Abyss instead." "Now where is it…" Pushing his senses to the limit, Valyr looked all throughout the large hall he had just emptied, making sure to not miss even a single nook or cranny in search for the second runic parchment. In fact, he had done the same thing to all of the previous rooms he had entered, not crossing out the possibility that the runic parchment would be found in the middle of the dungeon. "Weird. Can't find any sign of it anywhere." Briefly scratching the back of his head, Valyr decided to bring out the runic parchment he had picked up from the Common Caves to see if it would help out. And fortunately, it did. Whoosh! At the very moment he brought out the first runic parchment he had picked up, the runes on the parchment proceeded to light up as a sheet of parchment at the far end of the empty hall began to float all of a sudden. Not long after, this sheet of parchment swiftly headed to where Valyr was, joining together with the first runic parchment to form a larger piece of parchment as the runes on the two parchments combined to form a larger rune. In terms of the runes' current appearance, it was as if the two parchments had never been separated in the first place, leaving Valyr no choice but to stand still at a loss for words as a notification sound resounded in his mind. Ding! [You have completed part of the requirements for the quest: The Runic Parchments.] [Find the 2nd Runic Parchment within the Uncommon Depths (1/1)] "…" "Well… that was easier than I thought." Chapter 388: Preparing For The Rare Abyss After getting over his initial shock at how simple obtaining the second runic parchment was, Valyr took in a few deep breaths to compose himself before proceeding to look at the rune arrangement on the now larger piece of parchment he held. Shifting his gaze towards the side of the parchment where the runes lay, Valyr closed one of his eyes in slight fear that he would have to endure multiple waves of pain once more to be able to look at the larger parchment. Fortunately, even with his only open eye intently staring at the runes on the parchment, no such pain washed over his body at all, allowing him to inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he opened both of his eyes to get a better look. "I still have no clue on what this does." With all of his attention focused on the now larger parchment, the young man quickly noticed a specific detail that he had overlooked back when he only had one runic parchment in his possession. On two corners of the larger parchment were two slanted lines that seemed to intersect at a point past the current parchment he held, prompting Valyr to think that the intersection would only be found once he obtained the third and last runic parchment. "A triangle surrounding a magic circle…" Though Valyr felt that the triangle surrounding the magic circle was an aesthetic choice by the creator at best, he still pondered a bit deeply into it, thinking that there might be a purpose for the shape other than purely for design. Faintly shrugging his shoulders as he had come at a dead end in his contemplation over the triangle, he soon focused his attention on the runes that made up the magic circle, as well as the incomplete magic circle himself, finally getting a better idea of what the magic circle's purpose was. 'Thank the heavens I studied a lot about runes back then as a player, even if it was just because I had nothing else to do.' As these words lingered in his mind, a bitter smile crept up onto Valyr's lips. 'In any case, the magic circle has something to do with the soul…' Examining the structure of the magic circle in greater detail, Valyr was able to pinpoint certain elements of the magic circle that allowed him to deduce the general purpose of the magic circle. 'As to whether it's a link to another soul, a ritual involving the soul, or whatever, that I have no clue.' "Once again, there's only one way to find out what it really does." More or less satisfied with the additional information he had obtained from the second runic parchment, he stashed the large parchment into his spatial bracelet before proceeding to head through the exit, appearing at the entrance of the Uncommon Depths not long after. Whoosh! "How much sunlight is there left before the sun starts to set?" Seeing that he had appeared at the entrance to the three dungeons once more, he took a look at the entrances to his left and right, watching a few people enter the dungeons for a short while before proceeding to distance himself from the entrance to get a better look at the sky. "Only a couple or so hours left before the sun sets." Taking into consideration the amount of time he had spent in the dungeon as he looked at the position of the sun, a slight frown appeared on Valyr's face as he pondered over whether or not to head to the Rare Abyss right now and complete the quest, or postpone his entry to the Rare Abyss for tomorrow. "Well… I do feel like it would be a waste if the momentum I've built up so far in clearing the dungeons disappears…" Fortunately, it did not take long for him to make a decision, his gaze affixed towards the entrance to the Rare Abyss as a flame of determination flickered in his eyes. "Plus, it's not like there's anything or anyone stopping me from entering the dungeons at night." "Then again, this is the Rare Abyss we're talking about…" Becoming silent for a bit, Valyr tilted his head downward with his eyes closed as the gears in his mind gradually turned. After a while, he looked directly at the three dungeons before distancing himself even further, only to take out the Skill Keys he had obtained from the two dungeon runs not long after. "Since that's the case, I might as well evolve all of my Common grade skills to Uncommon grade." Ding! [Would you like to use 1 Common Skill Key and spend 100,000 XP to evolve 'Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation' to the next grade?] Making up his mind to evolve his Common grade skills to the next grade, Valyr went ahead and begun the upgrading process with the skill that had become his main method of dealing damage ever since he distanced himself from the effects of [Tidemother's Vengeance]. 'I have enough XP to evolve a decent number of the Common grade skills to the next grade, but would I have enough for all of them?' As this question popped up in his mind while he looked at the prompt the system gave him, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to show him the amount of unused XP he currently had, only for a grin to appear on his face not long after. Ding! [Unused XP: 6,223,836] "Guess I was worrying for nothing." Closing up the screen he had just brought up, Valyr let out a brief cackle before proceeding to confirm the prompt that had appeared before him earlier, allowing [Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation] to finally undergo the evolution process. "I actually have enough to evolve all of them, and then some more." Ding! [You have successfully evolved 'Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation' to Uncommon grade.] [The skill 'Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation' has evolved to 'Intermediate Crimson Flame Manipulation' due to the change in grade.] Chapter 389: Under Pressure Ding! Ding! Ding! By the time Valyr had finished upgrading all of his Common grade skills to the next grade, an hour or so had passed, only leaving the young man an hour or so of sunlight before the skies turned dim. Nevertheless, that did not stop the young man from having sparkles in his eyes, a wide smile plastered on his face. 'Eventually, most, if not all of the skills I have right now will be Rare grade. After that, they'll reach Epic, then Legendary, then Mythic, and at some point, the highest grade possible.' As this thought lingered in his mind, Valyr let out a faint chuckle as he brought up his notification screen, taking a look at the changes the skills he evolved had undergone in terms of their naming. For the skills that began with the word 'Basic' like the skill [Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation], the only change to their name was the word 'Basic' being replaced with the word 'Intermediate'. However, even though the name of the skill made it seem like Valyr had an intermediate level of understanding how to manipulate a certain element or such, the evolution the skills had undergone made him feel like he gained far more than that. Then, there were those skills that began with the word 'Inferior', such as the skill [Inferior Heal]. In the cases of those skills, their names also underwent a change similar to what happened with the 'Basic' skills. But instead of having the word be changed to 'Intermediate', the word 'Inferior' was instead replaced with the word 'Lesser', which gave Valyr the feeling that he could replenish more of his health with the improved skill, as well as even gain a chance at surviving situations that he considered precarious. Of course, there were also skills that did not follow the first two archetypes, their names undergoing a unique change that allowed Valyr to gain a better idea of the skill's eventual scope. With that being said, his attention was currently focused on a certain skill that he found incredibly crucial not only in fights, but in day-to-day activities as well. Ding! [You have successfully evolved 'Analysis' to Uncommon grade.] [The skill 'Analysis' has evolved to 'Greater Analysis' due to the change in grade.] 'Let's see what kind of information I'll be able to get with this evolved.' Feeling satisfied after having to evolve multiple skills to the next grade, Valyr closed up the notification screen in front of his field of vision before proceeding to make his way towards the three entrances, keeping an eye at the sun's position from time to time. "Halt." Just as he had arrived a fair distance away from the entrance that led him to the Rare Abyss, a certain person appeared before him, a slight frown adorning the person's face. "The dungeons are about to close in an hour." "Really?" Looking at the person in front of him, Valyr raised his eyebrow in slight incredulity as he looked at the man from head to toe. Unexpectedly, the man that stopped him from reaching the Rare Abyss was the same man who warned him and the others regarding the dangers of entering the dungeons at a low level. "I thought there was no time limit to accessing the dungeon?" "There is none." The man nodded in agreement. "However, I would advise you to head to the outpost for now and prepare for the dungeon you wish to enter tomorrow. Not only will you be fighting at your peak condition, the chances of you clearing the dungeon of your choosing successfully increases as well." At the man's words, Valyr went silent for a bit as the man's words made sense to him. After all, any person that had traversed the dungeons for an entire day like him would have been incredibly exhausted by now, needing to replenish their energy in preparation for the next day. However, he was not like any person. "I appreciate the warning, but I still wish to proceed to the dungeon behind you." As Valyr said these words to the man, he took on a slight apologetic tone, which did not go unnoticed under the man's senses. "Are you certain?" The man looked back at him, a faint frown creeping up onto the man's lips. "I may not know your true strength, but with how you've cleared the Common Caves and Uncommon Depths without problem, I really think you'd fare better against the Rare Abyss with a good night's rest." "That may indeed be the case…" At this point, a bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face, only for him to let out a faint sigh soon after. "But I still wish to enter." "Know that you are the one responsible for your own decision." Seeing as Valyr was still adamant on entering the dungeon even with his multiple attempts of dissuasion, the man finally relented, letting out a low sigh as he moved to the side, finally allowing Valyr to head to the Rare Abyss. "I do hope that you know when to admit defeat." "I appreciate the concern." Hearing the man's words, Valyr nodded with a soft smile. "However, never once have I bitten off more than I could chew." "Is that so?" In response, the man let out a brief chuckle before nodding, finding the young man's words somewhat amusing. "Let me see if you have the strength to back up your words, then." Letting out a
