began to go through the various updates that had occurred to the system he and the others had. According to what the book had written, the first version of the system was incredibly simple, only having the most basic features Valyr thought were essential to any RPG. The ability to look at one's stats and level, the ability to level up through XP, and the ability to gain stats and allocate them. These were the only features the humans from the Age of Darkness had access to before they could begin their uprising. Then, ten years after they began to fight against the five ruling races, the system the humans had underwent an update, now giving them the ability to gain classes at certain levels, which basically allowed them to focus their strengths into various areas. However, due to this update, all of the humans had their levels reset to one, which destroyed a great portion of the progress the humans had made so far in their escape from the clutches of the five races. Then again, gaining access to a class allowed them to retrieve their progress at far greater speeds, with a considerable portion of people gaining access to a level of strength that could not be achieved during the first version of the system. Because of that, these people were the leaders of their respective field, gradually allowing the human race to stand up against the five ruling races. As Valyr continued to read more and more through the changes that happened to the system, a slight frown gradually crept up onto his face, only for a full-on frown to replace it not long after. To him, the improvements to the system were not the problem. Gaining access to equipment, subclasses, quests, and so on, these were things he thought of as normal in any RPG, or any MMORPG for that matter. However, the time it took for those changes to occur was what irked him. Gradually, the time it took between each system update increased, with one update taking over 50 years before it was implemented through the system. For a brief moment, Valyr wondered why that was the case, seeing that the changes it brought to the system were considerable at best. Fortunately, it did not take long for him to notice that this specific update… happened during the peak of the Age of Uprising. 'Hmm…' Though Valyr wondered whether the system had a mind of its own and only pushed out updates during certain times, he knew that there was not much point thinking about it, considering that his level of access to information was just a bit below surface-level at best. Nevertheless, he kept the question in mind, feeling like he would be able to get an answer to it at some point. With that, he continued looking through the book's pages, taking note that the updates now began to take less time after that specific update. Eventually, he found the piece of information he was looking for. "By the time the Age of Uprising was over, the human race had been able to push three of the ruling races back in order to carve their own mark in the world, forcing the dragons to near extinction, sealing the devils in the Underworld, and moving the werebeasts underground," muttered Valyr as he read through one of the pages. Then, just as he had moved onto the next sentence, his expression turned solemn. "It was only at the exact moment the Age of Innovation had begun did the system undergo another update, allowing all of the humans to become more connected than they originally were." "The ability to appoint quests to other people, as well as the ability to communicate with other people through the system." Reading this sentence on the book, Valyr's focus swiftly narrowed down on any version of this passage being mentioned in the later pages of the book. Though he did notice that the book mentioned it a few more times at that, it was only after he reached the end of the book did he come to a slightly startling conclusion. 'No one has access to the forum.' These words lingered in Valyr's mind as he looked through the book once more, wondering if he had missed a page or two talking about it. However, even after looking through it a couple more times, no mention of the forum had been made, with the same case happening for the World Net he also had access to. 'Surely someone would make a mention of it in the other books.' Standing up from his seat, Valyr headed to the bookshelf where he got the book he was reading, only to grab a few of them back with him as he quickly sat back down. Looking through them, all of them mentioned more or less the same thing as the first book he had grabbed. However, only one book made a mention of the forum… as a suggestion. "It would be nice if the ability to communicate was expanded upon even further by the system…" muttered Valyr as his eyes were focused on one passage from that book. "Perhaps the system would allow us to access a hub that everyone could put messages on, allowing everyone from all over the world to interact with one another through this hub…" Thud. Closing the book before placing it to the side, Valyr stared off into nothingness for a while, allowing the thoughts in his mind to wander about as he processed and organized the information he had just read through. By the time a few minutes had passed, the thoughts in his mind had turned tranquil, with only a question directed himself being the only thing inside there. With a mocking chuckle, Valyr looked at the books that were scattered on the table he was using, only to tell himself soon after, "I guess I'm an anomaly." Chapter 366: A Peculiar Clan As these words faintly reverberated through the silence of the Archives, a bitter smile adorned Valyr's face as he grabbed the books and documents he had grabbed before proceeding to head back to the bookshelf where he had gotten it all from. While doing so, he thought about the information he had just read earlier. 'None of the books I've picked up made any mention of the forum or the World Net whatsoever,' Valyr inwardly muttered. 'At most, the only abilities the other people have that I also have is the ability to appoint quests to NPCs and players alike, as well as the ability to add people to my friend list and gain the ability to communicate with them.' 'Does this have something to do with the fact that I have memories regarding the forum and the World Net, therefore the system gave me access to it beforehand?' Placing the books and documents back onto the shelf, Valyr stopped what he was doing for a second as the question popped up in his mind. Though he thought that it was plausible at first, that feeling quickly disappeared as more questions popped up in his mind. 'But wait a second… haven't I traveled back to a time where Greater Beyond hasn't been released to the public yet? The forum was a function that appeared during the first version, while access to the World Net only came about during the second or third version.' The more Valyr thought, the deeper the frown on his face became. 'In short, I shouldn't even have access to something like this in the first place… unless there's someone or something that's allowing me access to this beforehand.' 'But what or who would that even be?' Feeling a mix of helplessness and anger at the fact that he had more questions now even though he had gone to the Myriad Archives to seek answers in the first place, Valyr let out a long, exasperated sigh as he felt like it would be a long time before he would gain the answer to this question. Deciding to move past the question for now, Valyr's thoughts then shifted towards the peculiarity that was the time it took for the system updates to come out. 'The alpha version of Greater Beyond only began around two years ago in this world. On the other hand, the updates the system underwent to get to that point took over a thousand.' 'From what I could recall, the company that developed and published this game said that Greater Beyond took a few years of development in order for it to get where it was today. With that, how the heck were they able to emulate the passing of a thousand years within a few years?' Unlike the question from before where Valyr truly wanted to get an answer, the young man treated this current question as a what-if situation. As someone who used to dabble into game development from time to time, Valyr knew that there were many tricks companies could employ in order to make it seem that they had spent a lot more time making it. In Greater Beyond's case, he thought that the developers of the game had put a painstaking amount of time to have their world building reach an incredibly high level. After all, reading through the books he had read, it felt as if he could feel the time it took for the authors of the book to collect the information they wrote down. Nevertheless, he still couldn't shake off the slight possibility that everything in the world he was in so far had been emulated by the company to get to this point. With that, he thought about the level of technology required to achieve such a feat, thinking that the company might have employed a few top-of-the-line supercomputers to do just that. 'But would the supercomputers even be able to emulate a few thousand years and compress it down into just a few years?' Thinking about the company and how they had made a game that most, if not all people around the world played before the final battle, Valyr was reminded of the goals he had set for himself at the beginning, as well as the anger he felt towards the company for what they had done to the people. To his teammates. To him. 'Forget about that for now, Valyr. We still haven't established an organization yet.' Taking in a deep breath to calm himself down, Valyr then proceeded to look through the other bookshelves, deciding to answer the question that had popped up in his mind back when he had passed by the Zeihardt clan estate. Though, with how much information he had on the Zeihardt clan and himself, this question instead felt like multiple questions to Valyr, which was why he wanted to find out its answer by reading up on the clan's history. "Found it." After spending a few minutes looking through the various bookshelves in the floor he was on, Valyr eventually found the book he was looking for, which was a considerably thick leather-bound book that had the text on its cover page embossed in gold. Blowing and wiping off a bit of the dust that was on its surface, Valyr went ahead and returned to where he sat earlier, placing the book before him as he read its title. "Zeihardt Clan: Its History and Its Members." Opening up the book, Valyr thought about the various things he might read regarding the Zeihardt clan. In fact, for a brief moment, he was even expectant that he might obtain an answer to his true identity. However, just as he was a few pages into the book itself, the expression on Valyr's face slightly contorted, soon wondering whether what he was reading was even correct. "Is this really a book on the history of the clan?" Valyr asked himself, deciding to skim through its pages for now to get a better sense of what the book contained. Fortunately, it did not take long for him to obtain his answer, his countenance now slightly grim as he let out a faint sigh. "This… this feel more like a book on a cult than a book on a clan." Chapter 367: Herald Returning back to the first few pages of the book, Valyr began to read through it once more, taking his time to commit every word written on the pages into memory. However, even though he already had an idea of what to expect from the book, that still did not stop the young man from making a few weird expressions after coming across a few passages. At the beginning of the book, it laid out how the founder of the Zeihardt clan, who only went by the name Otto back then, was one of the first few people to revolt against the five ruling races and invoke a sense of courage into other people. Unfortunately, with how powerless the humans were during the Age of Darkness, there was only so much Otto could do, with his actions incurring him pain at most. Yet, all of that changed once the system had awakened in everyone, giving all of the people, as well as Otto, a newfound sense of hope that they would truly be able to revolt against the ruling races and fight for their freedom. Feeling like the world was telling him that it was his time to shine, he immediately started to rally the humans in secret, concocting a plan that took a year before it came into fruition. Of course, as he had read through a book on Veldanyr's history earlier, Valyr knew that this plan was a success, though he did find it interesting that the man named Otto was the one who started it all. 'Then again, the World Quest did mention about how the founder of the Zeihardt clan was the one who allowed the human race to be free.' With that thought in mind, he soon wondered as to where Otto had gained the surname Zeihardt from, only for him to obtain his answer through the next pages, which tackled the first successful uprising of the human race against the five ruling races. 'With a great amount of sacrifice, Otto and the others were able to claim a piece of land for themselves through their own strength, establishing the first ever territory owned by the humans on Zaveigest.' Reading the passage in his mind, Valyr shifted his gaze onto the next sentence, his eyes slightly widening. 'As the leader of the entire operation, Otto suggested that every human free from the clutches of the five ruling races should have a surname to differentiate themselves.' 'Unsurprisingly, all of them agreed.' 'And with that, Otto had chosen the name Zeihardt, allowing the Zeihardt clan to be born.' With Zeihardt as his surname, Otto and the others quickly expanded their offensive, allowing more and more humans to escape from the clutches of the five ruling races and expand their territory even further. At some point, the man had even fallen in love, which in turn birthed the second generation of the Zeihardt clan. Slowly but surely, the presence of the Zeihardt clan gradually grew more and more prominent among the humans, with their surprisingly high level of strength being the thing that made them stand out from the rest. Naturally, with Otto being the leader of the Zeihardt clan, this unique quirk instilled a bit of fear into the humans and gave them the thought that he needed to be kept in check. Though, with their fight for territory and freedom still continuing, the other humans knew better not to kill what they considered as the greatest asset humanity had during that age. Of course, that did not stop others from attempting whenever an opportunity arose. By the time the first system update had passed, introducing the concept of classes to every human on the continent, everyone's strengths had been reset to Level 1, including Otto Zeihardt. With that, some of the people around him gained the courage to try and kill him, only to end up failing miserably as the man still had more strength than them. At first, the other humans looked at the sight in fear, wondering what was fueling the abnormal strength Otto had. Fortunately, with the passing of time, these people eventually obtained their answer. Blood. It was the man's blood. They did not know which part of the man's blood caused the man's abnormal strength. However, they were incredibly certain that the blood was where Otto gained his strength in the first place, having the ability to fight for hours without tiring and having a higher regeneration rate compared to his peers. The reason as to how the others got to this conclusion was through inspecting the future generations of the Zeihardt clan. From the first to fifth generation of the clan, all of the members of the clan showed a semblance of the abnormal strength Otto could wield in the battlefield. However, from the sixth generation onwards, the number who showed just that grew less and less, with only the prestige the founder had accrued during the Age of Uprising being the only thing separating the members of the Zeihardt clan from the other humans. In fact, by the time the seventh or eighth generation had arrived, almost everyone in the Zeihardt clan began to worship the founder of the clan in hopes of obtaining even traces of the strength he used to have in the battlefield. Though all of these prayers were left unanswered by the founder as he was busy helping the human race's territory expand even further, the world had given these members of the Zeihardt clan a response. On one fateful day, a member of the Zeihardt clan from the younger generation had been born with the same abnormal strength as Otto had. It did not take long for this news to spread through the entire clan, with everyone coming up with multiple names to refer to this special person. Of course, there were also those who yearned to be that person themselves, their minds thinking that killing them for their blood would be the right thing to do. "And thus, from that moment onwards, the Zeihardt clan referred to these people as Heralds, beings who could tap into the abnormal strength the founder of the Zeihardt clan had shown to the world up until his departure from the world of Veldanyr." Muttering out the passage he was reading, a bitter smile gradually crept up on his face as he continued. "The appearance of a Herald would be marked with multiple major events happening during their birth, with only a total of six Heralds from the Zeihardt clan being found so far." "The latest Herald of the clan is a young man named Valyr Zeihardt, son of Augustine and Emilia Zeihardt from the Zeihardt Royal Clan." "As of the publishing of this book, his whereabouts are said to be unknown." Chapter 368: Going Through The List 'Whereabouts are unknown, huh?' Though his name being written on the book had caught him slightly off guard, Valyr's expression remained the same, adorning a bitter smile on his face as he eventually closed the book. 'If only they knew the person they were looking for is just in disguise all this time.' pαndα`no1--сoМ 'In any case, I finally understand why both factions of the clan are on the lookout for me.' Feeling like he had more or less obtained the information he needed from the books of the Myriad Archives, Valyr proceeded to return the book on the Zeihardt clan back where he had gotten it, only to start heading down the staircase sometime later. 'And I guess that's also why that elder called me the Herald of Humanity's Fate during our meeting,' thought Valyr to himself, his steps silent as he moved past the other people doing their own thing in the floor he was on. 'In other words, a Herald is someone who inherited the blood of the founder, specifically the abnormal strength the founder had.' 'So, it stems from [Primordial Blood of the Chosen] then.' As this thought lingered in his mind, Valyr commanded the system to bring up the skill's description screen in his mind as he proceeded to head down the staircase, taking on a leisurely pace as the system responded to his command not long after. Ding! [Royal Blood of the Chosen] (Lv. MAX) Rarity: Mythic The founder of the Zeihardt clan is said to be a being of his own caliber, having the ability to wield great amounts of strength, as well as limitless stamina and vitality. As a descendant of the founder, you have inherited a greater portion of the man's blood compared to your peers, becoming known as a Herald of the clan. However, as part of the Zeihardt Royal Clan, a part of the clan closely related to the founder, this blood within you is stronger, allowing you to wield a strength far greater than other Heralds could ever hope to wield. With that, the target on your back is far larger, though surviving through these adversities would allow you to soar higher like never before. This skill increases all of the user's stats by 10%. It also increases the user's maximum HP and MP by 15%. Note: Though you have uncovered most of who you truly are, there still exists a part of you that still remains unseen. Find it, understand it, and be born anew… for you are a being that stands far above even the Heralds. "A being that stands far above the Heralds…" Muttering out the last few words on the note that was at the end of the skill's description screen, Valyr's face turned solemn as he wondered what the system meant by it. With how much he knew about his identity at this point, it could be said that he had already uncovered everything important there was to know about him. Yet the system said there was still more. 'Is it something I'll only be
