the inheritance." Sighing once more, Faulus returned his attention back to the crater, with Loreina letting out a soft giggle in response to the former's words. "So, who do you think is gonna win?" Returning her attention back to the crater as well, Loreina soon went ahead and dropped Faulus a question, causing the latter to furrow his eyebrows for a bit. "To be honest, I thought it would be Hal at first, but I don't know anymore." Scratching the back of his head, Faulus eventually shook his head as he looked at her. "With how the current fight is turning out, I'd say Ylvar might have a greater chance at winning." "Yeah… I wouldn't be so sure about that." In response, Loreina gave Faulus a wry smile as her eyes remained glued to the crater. Slightly confused as to why she would say that, Faulus was about to ask her reasoning when the young woman pointed towards the crater, prompting him to take a look and see what was going on. "Ah…" Shifting his head back to the crater, it did not take long for Faulus to find the evidence backing up Loreina's claim, staring with slightly widened eyes as Hal's body began to glisten a faint yellow. "Well then…" "Guess Ylvar's going to be facing a bit of trouble for some time." … "Oh?" Watching the earth wall he had erected be destroyed with a couple slashes, Valyr swiftly moved back as he raised his eyebrow in interest, noticing that Hal's aura had become stronger within a short span of time. Accompanied by the fact that the man's body now began to glisten a faint yellow, it did not take long for Valyr to put two and two together, briefly chuckling as he grinned. "I'll be fighting you seriously from now on." Infusing part of his mana into the blade and into his hand, Hal sent out a large blade of energy towards Valyr, only to be followed up with a series of bolts that also glistened a faint yellow. <subtxt>.</subtxt> "[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" Finding Hal's words somewhat amusing, Valyr retaliated against the attack with a barrage of blades made out of crimson flames, making use of both quality and quantity to turn his opponent's attack into a waste of resources. "So, if I'm interpreting this correctly, you haven't been fighting me seriously so far?" Then, seeing as Hal remained idle after defending against his attack, Valyr decided to taunt the man into action, a technique he had used against Faulus during their fight earlier. "[Greater Lupus Summoning]." However, rather than respond to Valyr's question with a series of words, Hal instead used his actions as an answer, spending a considerable chunk of his mana to summon a small group of wolves in front of him. Then, after consuming a mana potion he had stored in his spatial bracelet, he commanded all of the wolves to attack Valyr as he followed closely behind them. "Now we're getting somewhere." Deciding to top off his mana reserves as well, Valyr hastily consumed a mana potion stored inside his spatial bracelet as he increased the distance separating him and Hal, giving himself time to think about his next move. Then again, it didn't take long for him to come up with an idea, considering what he was up against. "[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]!" "[Intermediate Fire Magic Style: Blazing Vigor]!" "[Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts]!" Chapter 509: Showing All Cards Activating all of the offensive stat boosting skills he had in his arsenal that he had stored for a later time, Valyr slammed both of his hands into the ground, channeling a great portion of his mana into it as he began to chant a long string of gibberish-sounding words. "Ih pyn'ah tt'wagg k'ahn haap nmal'kas at meht'tagg!" "[Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts]!" "[Growth Summon Arx'has Boar]!" Whoosh! Within seconds, the mana Valyr had infused into the ground swiftly transformed itself into a large magic circle made out of multiple runes as a large entity slowly manifested above it. Due to the aura the entity was radiating as it was being summoned, Hal decided to change his commands, telling the wolves he had summoned to surround the entity instead. "How about we show them what we've got?" Faintly grinning as he noticed the change in Hal's combat tactic, Valyr sent out another wave of his mana as he made a selection in his mind, allowing the entity he was summoning to finally appear in reality. "Goooorrrkkkk!!!" Obtaining a mental command from Valyr at the very instant it was summoned, the Arx'has Boar let out a loud and deep groan, causing part of the ground to tremble due to how loud it was. "Grr…" In response, the wolves immediately felt a hint of fear enter their bodies, feeling as if their legs had gained a mind of its own. Then again, with how large the boar in front of them was, spanning over eight meters in length and over two meters in size, as well as the imposing aura it radiated, it was no surprise that their primal instincts had taken over. 'Definitely a good idea to summon one of the first two boars.' Seeing as the wolves had become idle, the grin on Valyr's face slightly widened as he thought about the boar that had been running around the crater all this time. 'I'll be dispelling you for now.' Doing a few gestures with his hands as he released part of his mana through it, the boar that was still running around the crater gradually dissipated into thin air, allowing Valyr to regain part of the mana he had spent summoning it in the first place. "Well, that's definitely unexpected." Slightly surprised that there was still a feature of the summoning skill that he had not yet figured out, Valyr was about to make his move against the wolves with the Arx'has Boar when Hal had appeared to his side, sending out a barrage of energy blades and energy bolts in the process. "Stall the wolves for the meantime," said Valyr before dashing in Hal's direction, activating [Crimson Blade Torrent] in retaliation. "Gork." Letting out a sound in response to Valyr's command, the Arx'has Boar swiftly returned its attention to the wolves surrounding it as it flared its aura in its entirety once more. "Awoo!!!" However, unlike before, where the wolves felt a great sense of intimidation from the boar's aura, the wolves let out a howl in unison, as if they had gotten over the initial sense of fear and intimidation they felt earlier. Though, just as the boar thought to itself that it wouldn't have to do a lot to make the wolves stay where they were, the wolves charged towards it at the highest speed their bodies could muster, swiping down on the boar's abdomen with their paws. "Gork!" In response, the boar swiftly turned its entire body in the direction of the attacking wolves before putting all of its strength into a headbutt, aggroing all of the wolves onto it as the attack sent all of the wolves flying in all directions. … "You know… I'm kind of curious as to where your limits lie." Continuing to stay on the offensive as he sent attack after attack towards Valyr, Hal decided to strike up a conversation with the young man in the process. "Sure, you may have shown me a lot more things when compared to your fight against Faulus, but I haven't seen you truly go all out yet." "I could say the same to you," said Valyr in response, nullifying all of the attacks sent at him with attacks of his own. Then, seeing that his opponent had left himself wide open, he sent a series of magic attacks that combined two elements, all of which wreaked great havoc within the crater. "I also wonder where your limits lie." "I guess we'll have to push each other to desperation to find that out." Chuckling in response to Valyr's words, Hal sent out a series of attacks that dispelled all of the large area attacks his opponent had sent at him before stopping in his tracks all of a sudden, going against the momentum he had built up as he took in a deep breath. Then, gripping the sword he wielded with both hands, he raised his weapon above his head, slowly infusing it with mana. Gradually feeling as if the sword Hal wielded was becoming one with the young man, Valyr let out a faint hiss as he watched the sword take on the same-colored glow Hal's body had taken on, sensing that the mana within the sword was growing beyond a level even Rank 2 mages would struggle to control. 'Truly a prodigy deserving of his title.' Feeling a slight urge to just admit defeat then and there as he knew very well what he was up against, Valyr quickly suppressed this urge as he thought of the current situation from another perspective, taking it as an opportunity to witness something special firsthand. "Seriously. To think that he's already awakened an Intent Seed before even ascending to Rank 3." Muttering these words to himself in a tone of slight disbelief, the young man calmed himself down as he thought about how he would defend against the upcoming attack. "I'd suggest you to avoid this attack if possible." Sensing that his sword had reached its limits in terms of mana capacity, Hal looked at the solemn-looking Valyr with a cold expression. "Or if you're confident in your strength, defend against it." "I'm confident in my strength, alright." Retrieving the blood-red spear behind his back, a confident grin appeared on Valyr's face as he firmly gripped on his spear with both hands. "Show me what you've got!" "Don't say I didn't warn you." As a smirk briefly appeared on Hal's face, the young man soon sent his sword down to the ground, causing a blade of golden energy to appear in front of him before swiftly expanding into a wave, enveloping almost a third of the crater in less than an instant. "[Blade of Six Paths: Nascent Sword Intent]." "[Golden Celestial Judgment]." Chapter 510: Light Vs Dark Whilst the fight between Hal and Valyr had seemingly reached its climax, with the former unleashing a move that instilled fear even to the escorts that had accompanied the four candidates to the crater, Loreina and Faulus' attention were fixated on the attack, briefly feeling a sense of dread from the golden light that had covered part of the crater. "To think the rumors were true," muttered Loreina as she recalled the stance Hal had taken before unleashing his attack. Going through the vivid memory, she watched the young man in her mind raise his sword up into the air before infusing it with his mana, causing the blade to glow the same color as his body. Then, as if a switch had been flipped all of a sudden, the sword and the young man seemed to have become a single entity, both of them giving off the feeling that they could cut through anything within an instant underneath the great power it contained. "I don't even know if we could even be considered a prodigy in front of him." Shuddering as her mind stopped on the exact moment she felt Hal and his blade become as one, Loreina let out a low sigh as she shook her head, watching as the golden light from Hal's side continued to envelop more and more of the crater. "Well, he's not called the Lord of All Trades for nothing." Faulus wryly smiled, letting out a sigh of his own as he shook his head as well. "But still… awakening an Intent Seed at Rank 2 is considered near impossible." "And we just saw that impossibility become a reality," said Loreina, prompting Faulus to turn silent as both of them went over the knowledge they already had about Intents. From what they knew, the earliest one could obtain an Intent was at the class rank following their current one, which had its own set of rules, procedures, and qualities that would take ages to go over. However, before one could even obtain an Intent, one would first have to find the concept or type of knowledge that they have great understanding in before proceeding to trek the journey of awakening an Intent. Now, if one were to find this concept and pushed their understanding of it past a certain quality, one would begin to feel a faint connection to this understanding, which would eventually give rise to the connection one would have with the world. Though different places called it under different names, this first faint connection was mostly known by everyone as the Intent Seed, the proof that one was already on the path of awakening their Intent. 'With how smooth the feeling of unity is between him and the blade… he's probably reached the second stage already.' Sighing once more, Faulus watched as the golden light had already occupied around three-fourths of the crater's area, leaving only a quarter left for Valyr to move about. "Though Valyr is definitely strong in his own right, it seems that even the strength he was hiding from us isn't enough to triumph against Hal." Saying these words, Faulus turned to look at Loreina with a faintly bitter smile, for some reason having hope in his mind all this time that Valyr would be able to beat Hal. Though, with how things were turning out, it seemed like he had to suppress these feelings deep inside. However, just as the young man thought that Hal was undoubtedly going to be the winner of the fight between the two, Faulus noticed Loreina becoming incredibly shocked, prompting him to turn his head towards the crater, only to be left at a loss for words as well. That was because… aside from the golden light within the crater… There was now a dark haze. … "This is definitely something you don't see every day." Witnessing the golden light Hal had sent out gradually consume more and more of the crater's inside, Valyr decided to dispel the Arx'has Boar he had summoned, noticing that the wolves Hal had summoned earlier were already taken care of. "I really have to go all out against this… or else I won't come out of this with just a few minor injuries." Feeling part of the mana he had used to summon the Arx'has Boar return to him, he then took in a deep breath as he retrieved his spear from his back one last time. "Gotta make every second count." Letting out a long, drawn-out sigh, Valyr went ahead and activated all of the buffing skills he had yet to activate, as well as the buffing skills that had expired throughout the fight. "[Limit Break]!" "[Offense Aura+]!" "[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]!" "[Intermediate Fire Magic Style: Blazing Vigor]!" Whoosh! With every skill he activated, the aura he emanated underwent a considerable increase in power, forming a scene that screamed immense desperation when contrasted against a golden light that seemed to engulf everything. However, him activating his buffing skills was anything but desperation. "[Shadow Serpent Style]…" Summoning the Shadow Energy stored within the small black mass near his heart, Valyr deftly manipulated it towards the tip of his spear as he simultaneously began to infuse the spear with his mana. Then, after feeling like both the Shadow Energy and mana within the spear had reached a saturation point, he firmly gripped on the spear with both hands, pointing it to the ground before swiping it upwards at the fullest extent of his strength, causing a wave of dark energy to manifest in front of him. "[Tide of the Dark Night]." Swoosh! Like a fine blade, the wave of dark energy began to cut through the golden light attempting to engulf the entire crater, gradually giving Valyr more space to move about as he made preparations to unleash yet another attack. "[Tide of the Dark Night]." Watching the first wave he had sent out make headway into the golden light, Valyr eventually felt that the cooldown for the skill had ended, prompting him to send out yet another wave of dark energy, which swiftly combined with the first one to form an even larger wave. Whoosh! Whoosh! With the combined momentum of two waves of Shadow Energy, the golden light was now gradually being pushed back to where Hal stood, whose stance and expression all this time remained more or less the same from the very moment he had unleashed his attack. Seeing the golden light he had unleashed being gradually pushed back, a slight frown erupted on Hal's stoic face, responding to the retaliation from the other side by infusing more mana into the attack. Unfortunately… "[Tide of the Dark Night]." As if he had already foreseen Hal's response, Valyr unleashed the skill one last time as he moved closer to the ever-expanding wave of dark energy he had sent out, causing its power and momentum to undergo a massive increase, finally giving it the strength to steamroll through the golden light and make its way to where Hal was. "[Blade of Six Paths: Nascent Sword Intent]." Seeing that even putting in more mana was useless in front of Valyr's counterattack, Hal decided to focus his attention on a countermeasure, raising his sword up in the air once more in preparation for what he thought was a more destructive attack than before. However, before he could even begin to unleash it… "[Breath of the Nascent Wyvern]!" Chapter 511: A Necessary Sacrifice Just as Hal was preparing to counterattack against the wave of dark energy Valyr had sent to fight against his golden light, the latter had found a way to sneak up behind the former through the use of [Serpentine Sprint], his steps remaining silent all throughout. Then, seeing that Hal was wholly focused on accumulating strength for another attack, Valyr took the opportunity to catch the young man unaware, taking in a deep breath before pooling all of his remaining mana into his mouth, a faint heat starting to emanate from him. With Hal placing all of his focus on preparing his counterattack, the young man was able to take his sweet time into charging his attack to its fullest, allowing an orb of flames the size of his head to manifest before him as his mouth to swing wide open. Coincidentally, it was only at this moment did Hal finally take notice of Valyr's presence, the surprise of the latter's appearance being behind him all this time disrupting the concentration he had towards the attack he had yet to unleash. "[Breath of the Nascent Wyvern]!" Knowing that he was vulnerable to Hal's counterattack as long as he gave the young man a chance to swing his sword down, Valyr blew into the orb of flames without hesitation, causing a wave of scalding flames to spread throughout the vicinity of the two as Hal was forced to release his attack. "[Golden Asura Cleave]!" Tightly gripping onto the handle of the sword he wielded, Hal brought the entirety of his blade downward, prompting the energy he had put into the blade to release through its tip and create a blade of energy far larger than the one he had unleashed before. Swoosh! Unsurprisingly, with him imbuing the power of his Intent Seed into the attack, it was no surprise that the blade of golden energy was able to cleave through the wave of flames with relative ease, making its way to where Valyr remained standing. "No… no…!" Realizing that his opponent had remained where he stood previously rather than move out of the way, Hal's pupils shrunk in fear as he only planned to unleash the attack in a way where his opponent would be able to feel its might. Never in his mind did the thought of having the attack make contact with Valyr ever cross his mind. "Disperse!" Making use of his Intent Seed being active, as well as his control over the blade of golden energy, Hal consciously forced the blade of gold energy to dispel itself before even making contact with Valyr. However, even though the strength behind the attack had significantly decreased from the action, it was still on a path headed straight towards his opponent, its might more than enough to land a severe injury. Fortunately… "Just so you know, I wasn't frozen with fear." Faintly grinning at the concern written all over Hal's face, Valyr took in a deep breath before stabbing his blood-red spear into the ground, tapping into the Shadow Energy that was stored within him. "I was just waiting for the right opportunity." "[Dark Serpentine Repulsion]!" Combining the Shadow Energy he had summoned with his mana, a magic circle swiftly formed beneath Valyr's feet before forming a translucent dark gray barrier around him, only to reinforce itself with the tendrils of Shadow Energy that originated from the young man. Bang! With how Valyr had timed the activation of his defensive skill, the blade Hal inadvertently sent out in his direction had collided with the barrier at the very moment it had finished stabilizing itself, causing all of the energy and strength contained within the blade of energy to bounce back towards Hal… But not without any cost. Crack… crack… "If I had access to the ultimate move, things would've probably played out differently during this fight…" Bitterly smiling as he watched the barrier he had just cast crumble into nothingness, Valyr soon shifted his attention towards the blade of energy he had reflected, which was hastily making its way back to where Hal stood. "Hah!" Though, with how Hal was the original owner of the blade of energy, the young man did not have any difficulty dispelling the attack before it could even hit him. In fact, the only reason why he could only decrease the power within the attack he had sent out when it made its way towards Valyr was due to
