contact her at anytime, the latter went ahead and cut off the connection between the two of them, letting the crystal fall to the ground as he eventually shifted his attention on the pill. "Well then..." Taking in a deep breath once more, Valyr let out a small chuckle as he placed the golden orb into his mouth. "I guess it won't be long till I contact you again, Mystia." Chapter 545: Something To Ponder Over "Haah…" After Valyr had disrupted the connection allowing him and Mystia to talk with one another, the latter stared at the orb she was holding for a bit before letting out a long sigh, the thought she had placed to the side earlier gradually returning to the surface. "Was there anything wrong with our deciphering process?" Muttering these words to herself, Mystia placed the orb on a nearby pedestal before getting up from the chair, deciding to roam the streets for a bit as she allowed the gears in her mind to turn. "We employed the help of over 100 experts in decryption for the past few decades or so, some of which even have subclasses related to deciphering ancient languages themselves." "Surely, such a prophecy with that many people checking it would most likely be certain, yet it isn't." Faintly scratching the back of her head as she wondered which part of their decryption process might be flawed, the woman continued to mull over it. . "Is it perhaps our interpretation of the text? Have we taken it too literally?" "Or is it perhaps our method of reading the text? Should it be read from right to left and not left to right? Or should it have been read from top to bottom? Would changing the reading direction give us a different meaning to it?" "No… that doesn't seem right…" However, even after all of the thinking she had done over what might have gone wrong, Mystia was incredibly certain that the message they had obtained from deciphering Otto's passage was the correct one. Even if she were to change the method of interpreting the words the man had used on the passage, she felt like she would still arrive at the same message from earlier. "Perhaps Valyr is right that the counting of the Heralds began after Otto." Having immense confidence in the message she and many others had obtained after putting years of effort into deciphering the passage, Mystia instead looked at the problem from the perspective the young man had given her earlier. "However, I'm quite certain that one of the passages we deciphered mentioned that Otto was the first Herald and Harbinger of the Zeihardt clan." Continuing to think out loud, Mystia brought her slight journey through the streets of the Meltierre Empire back to the place she was staying in, returning to the estate the empire had given her as one of their imperial advisers. "Hmm…" Sitting at the stairs leading up to the entrance to her estate, Mystia looked at the sky for a while, letting her mind wander about as she allowed the thoughts in her mind to come and go as they pleased. Eventually, a certain thought surfaced in her mind, a thought that, frankly, was something she should have come up with from the very beginning. "Is Valyr lying?" she asked herself, feeling anger gradually rise up as she thought about how she easily believed his words. Though, after taking a few deep breaths to compose herself, she eventually let out a sigh, putting herself in the young man's shoes as she understood the reasoning behind his actions. After all, even though a Harbinger was not well known by the world, Mystia was certain that it wouldn't take long for many to find that out once Valyr made it known. "Well, whatever the case may be, I'm sure I'll find out the truth at some point." Feeling like a weight had been lifted off her shoulders after this realization, the woman finally made her way into the estate, arriving at the place she had been talking with Valyr earlier. Gazing at the orb she had used to talk with the young man, a faint urge to contact Valyr once more arose from within her. However, after a while, she let out a chuckle as she turned around, deciding to do some of her tasks for the day in the meantime. "I'm pretty sure the young man's currently in the process of consuming those items I've given him." "He'll definitely contact me soon enough." … Whoosh! At the very moment Valyr had placed the True Rebirth Pill into his mouth, the golden orb swiftly melted into a viscous liquid that flowed down his throat, causing him to subconsciously swallow the liquid in its entirety. "Mmph!" However, once he did, his stomach began to churn, prompting the young man to widen his eyes in surprise as he felt a wave of nausea wash over his body, only for a feeling of hotness emanating from his stomach to appear not long after. Taking in a few deep breaths to make sure that he did not throw up, the young man soon focused the entirety of his concentration towards the absorption of the pill, releasing some of his own mana inside his own stomach to form a barrier that separated the viscous liquid from the other contents that resided within. Unfortunately, before the young man could even contain half of the liquid that made up the True Rebirth Pill, as if it had a mind of his own, the liquid charged at the walls of his stomach, causing the nausea he felt to drastically increase in intensity. "Bleeerrrgghh…" Eventually, the nausea he felt was so severe that the young man could not restrain himself anymore, purging out the entirety of the contents of his stomach onto the floor. Though, rather than vomit out half-eaten food, as well as digestive juices, the young man instead vomited out a black mass, which definitely made the young man's eyes widen even more. "Mnh…" By the time he had stopped purging out this black mass, the young man felt that his current condition had surprisingly become better compared to his condition from before he had eaten the pill. To him, it was as if all of the fatigue and stress he had accumulated so far had been removed from his body all at once, making him wonder whether this feeling he felt at the moment was true relief. "Ah…" Then again, before he could inspect his current condition any deeper, a feeling of hotness emanated from his stomach yet again. However, unlike before, rather than remain in the stomach, this feeling of hotness soon spread out throughout his body, making him feel as if he had entered a relaxing sauna all of a sudden. For a while, this soothing feeling washed over the young man's body, prompting him to lay down on the ground and immerse himself while he could. Sadly, by the time a few minutes had passed, this feeling gradually began to disappear, letting out a slightly disappointed sigh as he stood up once more. Hearing a series of notification sounds go off in his mind, the young man went ahead and commanded the system to bring up a screen before him, allowing him to take a look at the gains he had obtained. "Darn." "That's a lot more than I thought." Ding! [Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained the passive skill 'Enhanced Mana'.] [Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained the passive skill 'Enhanced Vitality'.] … … … [Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained the following stats: +80 VIT, +80 STR, +80 AGI, +80 DEX, +80 INT, +80 WIS, +80 PER, and +80 LUK.] Chapter 546: Hidden Stats Thoroughly reading through the various effects the pill had given him, Valyr's eyes slightly widened in surprise as he did not expect some of the notifications that popped up. In his mind, he thought that he would only get a maximum of around five notifications total, with one talking about his increase in stats, while the remaining four would talk about his improved mana and vitality. "That's a lot more than I thought," muttered the young man to himself, deciding to separate the notifications into two categories like how he had separated his notifications from upgrading his subclass in the past. Ding! [Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained the passive skill 'Enhanced Mana'.] . [Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained the passive skill 'Enhanced Vitality'.] [Due to the effects of the skill 'Enhanced Mana', you have gained access to the hidden stat Mana Purity.] [Due to the effects of the skill 'Enhanced Vitality', you have gained access to the hidden stat Vigor.] [Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained 3 points to Mana Purity.] [Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained 3 points to Vigor.] "System, identify 'Enhanced Mana' and 'Enhanced Vitality'." For the first category of notifications he had obtained, all of them were related to the skills the young man had obtained from the True Rebirth Pill, specifically the skills 'Enhanced Mana' and 'Enhanced Vitality'. Ding! Though it did not seem like the two skills did a lot for the young man from another person's perspective, with the great amount of knowledge he had accumulated about Greater Beyond from his past life, Valyr knew that such skills would only become better the stronger he became. [Enhanced Mana] (Lv. MAX) Rarity: Rare Mana was originally a pure energy, capable of contending against the most primordial of energies. However, with the birth of matter and life, mana began to be contaminated with its properties, causing it to lose its original power. Nevertheless, such a contamination allowed those with weak strength to tap into a nigh-infinite energy source, granting them the ability to achieve feats beyond the limits of what a single creature is capable of. To enhance one's mana is to restore part of the original properties of mana, ridding it of its contamination in exchange for greater power. Only those adept in controlling mana can begin to refine and purify mana back to its original form, with those becoming one with mana able to have the purest of mana flowing throughout their bodies at any time. This skill unlocks the hidden stat 'Mana Purity' for the user, with each point towards the stat considerably increasing the potency of each point of mana. This effect only becomes more prominent the higher the user's class rank is. This skill also boosts the user's maximum MP by 5%. 'To think I'd be unlocking hidden stats this early.' After he was done reading through the description of 'Enhanced Mana', the young man let out a faint chuckle as he skimmed through the description of 'Enhanced Vitality', considering that the purpose of the two was more or less the same. Both skills gave a considerable increase to a general stat, as well as gave him access to a specific hidden stat. Though almost player of Greater Beyond knew of the general stats, which were comprised of HP, MP, Attack, and Defense, as well as the eight specific stats one would see on their status screen, only those that have ascended beyond Rank 5 and entered the realm of Myths would come across another type of stat that had a large impact on one's strength in the later stages of the game. Hidden stats. Just like the name suggested, hidden stats were stats that were normally tucked away within the recesses of one's body, having considerable effects on certain stats once discovered. As far as Valyr knew, there were a few hidden stats that every player beyond Rank 5 would become familiar with. Among those common hidden stats were Mana Purity and Vigor, the two hidden stats the young man had just unlocked. Even though Mana Purity focused on improving the potency of one's mana, it also had an effect on one's INT and WIS stat, allowing them to become slightly more effective on skills and spells that use those stats to scale their strength. From what the young man could recall, almost every mage and priest he had come across would have this hidden stat at over 10 points by the time they were Rank 6. On the other hand, Vigor was a hidden stat that improved the efficacy of the VIT and STR stat, as well as the speed at which one regenerated health. Unsurprisingly, such a stat also had a slight effect towards one's Attack and Defense stat, making it a staple hidden stat unlocked by those that either had classes focused on going berserk or tanking a lot of damage. "With the 80 point boost to all of my stats included, that pretty much sums up what I obtained from the pill." Closing the two screens he had brought up, Valyr went ahead and did a few basic movements to become more accustomed with the substantial increase in his strength. After conjuring a couple of orbs made out of his slightly improved mana to fully get used to his new stats, the young man eventually shifted his attention towards the vial of purple liquid, taking in a deep breath as he felt a sense of nervousness gradually rise up. "To be honest, I'm kind of afraid as to what possible side effects this vial might have," muttered the young man to himself, briefly letting out a scared chuckle as he removed the stopper. Taking a whiff of the liquid inside, Valyr was slightly surprised by the fact that the liquid smelled fragrant, the scent of which reminded him of strawberries. "Here goes nothing…" Reminding himself that the effects of the True Rebirth Pill would be enhanced once he ingested the contents of the vial over and over again, the nervousness Valyr felt gradually disappeared. Then, after mustering up the courage to do so, he went ahead and downed the vial's contents in one gulp, feeling a slight coldness emanate from the liquid as the feeling soon traveled throughout his entire body. And then… Thud. … … … Ding! Chapter 547: Seeds of Doubt Sirius' office. "Valyr will become the reason for humanity's downfall…" Hearing the words Sirius had said to him, Julian decided to repeat it back, his expression that of slight shock. "Don't you think only someone crazy would say something like that?" However, just as Sirius thought that his friend had internalized the saying and believe it, the exact opposite had happened, with Julian even going so far to call him crazy. "What kind of evidence do you even have to say something like that?" "Well, first of all, the young man's from the Zeihardt clan," said Sirius, deciding to respond to the question. "Both of us know very well that those from the Zeihardt clan tend to have quite the odd personality." "Just because we've encountered one of those rude members from the Zeihardt clan in the past doesn't mean everyone in the Zeihardt clan is also like that." Briefly scratching the back of his head, Julian let out a faint sigh. "Plus, that man had all right to be mad. You did throw your drink on his white shirt, after all." . "Accidentally. Accidentally, okay?" Sirius emphasized as his face went slightly red, to which Julian slightly shrugged his shoulders in response. "In any case, why does it seem like you're so protective of the young man? Is it because he has increased the Blacksmith Guild's reputation?" "Well, there's that." Julian wasn't afraid to admit it. "There's also the fact that he's a Zeihardt, a Herald at that." "However, I'm not protective of the young man because of such ephemeral things," clarified the man soon after. "If anything, it's the fact that he's an incredibly talented blacksmith in his own right. As part of the old generation, it only makes sense for someone like me to fully support a young man who might become a pillar of the guild for the future." "Plus, even though I'm certain the Imperial Alchemist had not come up with that prediction out of nowhere, I'd rather believe what I can see with my own two eyes than something that only has a chance to happen in the future." "Is that so?" Listening to Julian's words, it did not take long for Sirius to realize that anything he did to persuade the man would have no effect whatsoever. With that, he inwardly gave up on doing so and let out a faint sigh, deciding to share the information from another perspective instead. "How about this?" said Sirius, prompting Julian to focus his attention on him. "I won't persuade you to believe what I have to say, but just listen to the other things the Imperial Alchemist told me regarding Valyr." "… as a good business friend of yours, I'll be willing to hear you out at the very least." Though Julian would have preferred for their conversation to end there and then, the man eventually decided to agree, considering that the man before him had helped Valyr earn quite a sizable amount of money. "Glad to hear that." In response, Sirius merely smiled. "So, aside from the fact that the Imperial Alchemist told me that Valyr would become the reason for humanity's downfall, she also told me how such a thing might possibly happen." "Now that I think about it… why would the Imperial Alchemist tell you about this in the first place?" As he nodded in response to Sirius' words, a question suddenly popped up into Julian's mind. "To be completely honest with you, I have no clue either." Sirius briefly shrugged his shoulders in response. "However, I'm sure she had a good reason to tell someone like me. After all, I'm still part of one of the empire's imperial clans." "Continue." Feeling as if the Imperial Alchemist's reason in telling Sirius was just for the sake for it, Julian decided not to head down the rabbit hole for the meantime, giving his friend the freedom to continue his explanation. "As I was saying… the Imperial Alchemist also mentioned to me how such a thing would happen." Nodding in agreement, Sirius continued where he left off. "First, both of us know that the reason why the Zeihardt clan is madly searching for Valyr's whereabouts is because of the fact that he's a Herald, right?" "As far as I know, yes." Julian nodded after a bit of thinking. "And we both know as well that those born as Heralds in the Zeihardt clan generally have far superior strength than their peers, to the point that their strength would cause a new era of humanity to begin." "That is also true." Julian nodded once more. "However, according to the Imperial Alchemist, Valyr's eventual level of strength won't just stop at the level of the Heralds we've known in the past," said Sirius, his expression solemn. "Instead, it would exceed it by a great margin, causing not only humanity to change, but the entire world." "That means… the orcs and the elves would also become affected?" asked Julian for clarification. "Yes." Sirius nodded. "Huh." Obtaining affirmation from his question, Julian could only utter out a sound, pondering over what he should feel from the information. Though, after a while, he was able to sort out his feelings, eventually telling Sirius something that caused the latter to do a double take. "Well… if you think about it, such a future isn't that half-bad." … "Urgh…" After quite a long amount of time had passed, Valyr had eventually woken up once more, slowly getting up as he came to terms with what had happened to him. "I drank the liquid inside the vial…" Frequently scratching the back of his head, it took a while for the gears in the young man's mind to start turning again. "And then… a wave of coldness hit me… then… I fell unconscious… I think." "Huh." Giving himself some more time to think about what had happened, Valyr decided to clean up the black mass he had vomited out. Standing up, he then left the room for a bit to grab some cleaning supplies, only to go ahead and scoop up every little bit of black mass he could as he continued to ponder over what happened. "Well, nothing else seems to be out of the ordinary." Once he was done cleaning up the mess he had made, Valyr did a quick physical check. "Time to check the notifications, then." Seeing that his body seemed to be doing fine, the young man then moved onto the remaining thing he hadn't checked yet, commanding the system to bring up a notification screen in front of him. Ding! "Uh huh." Though, once he did… He could not help but get an odd feeling from what he was reading. Chapter 548: The Mystic Vial Ding! [Due to the effects of the Mystic Vial, the remnant energies from the True Rebirth Pill have been awakened, causing its effects to rise once more.] [You have gained the following stats: +20 VIT, +20 STR, +20 AGI, +20 DEX, +20 INT, +20 WIS, +20 PER, and +20 LUK.] "So, it's called the Mystic Vial, huh…" Reading through the first few notifications he had gained from consuming the vial's contents, Valyr raised his eyebrows in surprise after finding out that the vial did complement the pill's effects. Though, if he thought about it, it would be more correct to say that the vial had enhanced the pill's effects even further, considering that he had gained an additional 20 points each on all of his stats. However, that was not all. [Due to the effects of the Mystic Vial, you have gained 2 points to Mana Purity.] [Due to the effects of the Mystic Vial, you have gained 2 points to Vigor.] 'Even the hidden stats have been improved by the vial.'
