head for the meantime. Instead, he focused his attention towards finding a Shadow Serpent to fight against, eventually finding one half an hour after they had arrived at the Shadow Plane. … "Alright." Slowly willing the platform to descend to the ground, the two eventually stood on solid ground once more as Noel told Valyr to focus his sights on the large creature before them. "Before you engage with the Shadow Serpent before you, keep in mind that what you're up against is considered the weakest type, a Juvenile Shadow Serpent," said Noel as he noticed a faint blue haze appear around Valyr's eyes. "Because of it being young, its combat style leans more towards relying on its instincts rather than utilizing tactics." "In any case, as long as you're able to kill it, you'll be able to absorb its Shadow Energy and become a true Shadow Serpentine Lancer," he added, noticing that a slight frown gradually crept up the young man's face. "Say, Elder Noel." Valyr looked at him. <subtxt>.</subtxt> "What is it?" "You mentioned earlier that the serpent before us is the weakest among the Shadow Serpents, right?" asked Valyr, pointing at the large creature before them. "Yeah? What about it?" "…in what way is that the weakest?" Ding! Chapter 515: A Match Made In Hell Whilst Noel was talking about how the large creature before the two of them was considered the weakest type of Shadow Serpent one would come across in the Shadow Plane, Valyr went ahead and activated [Greater Analysis] to get a better idea of what kind of opponent he was up against… Only for him to feel a tinge of regret in doing so. Ding! [Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Mythic Elite)] (Level 55 | Boss) Class: Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Uncommon) HP: 25,560/25,560 MP: 39,096/39,096 <subtxt>.</subtxt> Stats: 215 VIT, 283 STR, 433 AGI, 590 DEX, 543 INT, 213 WIS, 213 PER, 138 LUK Skills: [Shadow Energy Affinity], [Shadow Serpent Combat Style], ??? (other skills unknown due to disparity in strength and level) Remarks: I'd be incredibly vigilant if I were you, especially with that little curse of yours. 'Hiss…' Glossing over the system's blatant warning of fighting against the serpent, Valyr inwardly took in a deep breath of cold air as he looked at the serpent's stats. Though most of them were significantly than his all across the board, the same could not be said for its agility, dexterity, and intelligence. 'I don't even want to imagine its stats once it enters the effect radius of the mark.' With this thought lingering in his mind, Valyr swiftly checked how far he was from the serpent at the moment, inwardly letting out a sigh of relief once he found out that over a hundred meters of flatland separated the two of them. 'In any case, I guess I'll be fighting against a better version of me… in terms of stats anyway.' Letting out a low sigh, Valyr went ahead and asked Noel not long after as to how the Juvenile Shadow Serpent he was up against was in any way the weakest. "Well… you haven't seen the other kinds of Shadow Serpents you might come across in the Shadow Plane, so I guess such a reaction is understandable." Pondering over Valyr's question for a bit, Noel eventually nodded his head in understanding. "Either way, I truly mean it when I say the Juvenile Shadow Serpent is the weakest type you would come across. After all, it's the only Shadow Serpent type that's still within the realm of Rank 3." "As for the other types, the weakest among them would already be in the middle levels of Rank 4, not to mention the fact that some types have even comprehended a kind of Intent that would bolster their strength even further." Continuing to go through the types, Noel faintly shuddered as he recalled his memories of fighting against such Shadow Serpents in the past. "Of course, compared to the strongest Shadow Serpents, even a million Juvenile Shadow Serpents would be no match for it," the old man continued, conveying through his words how lucky Valyr was to only have to fight against the weakest type. "After all, the only thing that could defeat a Rank 6 being would be another Rank 6 being." "Anyways, best of luck in fighting against the Shadow Serpent, brat." Letting out yet another sigh after taking a trip down a somewhat miserable memory lane, Noel patted Valyr on the shoulder before proceeding to perch on top of a nearby tree, giving the young man a thumbs-up. "Don't worry too much. I'll make sure to intervene once it looks like you're in danger." 'I don't even know if you'll be able to intervene in time…' Scratching the back of his head as he wryly smiled in response, Valyr soon turned around to look at the Shadow Serpent, taking in a few deep breaths to compose himself in the process. 'I wonder if it'll attack in the same way I use the spear?' Then, after feeling like he had come to terms with what he had to face up against, he then proceeded to dash in the direction of the serpent, the latter entering the mark's effect radius a few seconds later. "Hiss!" At the very instant the serpent was affected by the mark, it unfurled its dozen meter long body as its eyes began to glow crimson, letting out a loud hiss that shook the watery ground in its vicinity. Not long after, its sights soon focused themselves towards the running Valyr, slithering across the ground in great speeds soon after. Swoosh! "[Limit Break]!" Wanting to increase his chances of possibly winning against the Shadow Serpent, Valyr went ahead and activated one of his buffing skills, reducing the time it took for him to arrive in front of his opponent. However, before he could even begin his offensive… Bang! As if every movement it made flowed into the next, the Shadow Serpent swiftly halted its movements as it used its tail as a whip to send Valyr flying. Of course, the young man had tried his best to defend against the attack. Though, with how quick the tail was with the serpent's improved agility and dexterity, the serpent was the first to land a strike between them, causing part of Valyr's chestplate to crack as the two made contact. Thud! "Guh…" Failing to find his footing before landing, Valyr had to tumble a couple of times before rolling across the ground, his momentum coming to a stop once he decided to dig both of his hands into the ground. Then, putting all of his strength into his hands, he flung himself forward, using the force he had generated to propel himself towards the serpent. "Hiss!" Naturally, the serpent took notice of this, moving its tail in a bizarre pattern as a faint layer of dark energy started to coat over it. "Wait a minute…" Landing just a couple of meters away from the Shadow Serpent on his feet, Valyr noted the dark energy accumulating around the serpent's tail, feeling that the attack looked somewhat similar. "Oh, fetch!" Fortunately, as if a light bulb had gone off in his head, the young man realized what the serpent was about to do, taking out the blood-red spear affixed behind his back as he proceeded to infuse Shadow Energy into it. Swoosh! Without any signal whatsoever, the serpent had moved its tail towards the young man's head at the very moment the coating of dark energy surrounding it had solidified, making it look as if it were a dark spear instead of a tail. However… "Oh no, you don't!" Finding the fact that he had only activated one buff foolish, Valyr put the thought at the back of his head in the meantime, thrusting his spear forward against an attack that looked similar to what he was going to unleash. "[Strike of the Venomous Night]!" Chapter 516: Truly A Match Made In Hell Bang! As both sides collided, an explosion of Shadow Energy spread out to cover the two, obscuring the vision of those from the outside as to what outcome had resulted. Fortunately, it did not take long for the Shadow Energy in the surroundings to disappear, revealing Valyr lying on the ground, briefly writhing in pain. "Urgh…" Letting out a low groan, Valyr took a look at the origin of the pain he was currently experiencing, which came from his hand that held the spear at the front. Though it seemed like both sides had dealt equal damage to one another, he had ended up on the losing end, the vambraces on both of his arms now showing considerable levels of damage. 'At least I dealt a decent amount of damage to the serpent…' thought Valyr to himself, slowly sitting up to look at the Juvenile Shadow Serpent, only for his face to contort into a bitter smile. <subtxt>.</subtxt> Compared to him, the Juvenile Shadow Serpent still looked to be more or less in peak condition, with the only thing out of the norm about it was the blood oozing out of tail. Judging from how a considerable portion of it was cut off, Valyr was indeed able to land a counterattack, though at the cost of his own health. "Over 6,000 damage…" muttered Valyr to himself as he gazed at the faint white text hovering above the serpent, grabbing a health potion he had been storing in his spatial bracelet before proceeding to drink its contents. "I'll have to change my approach." Feeling his body gradually returning to its peak condition as he stood up, Valyr briefly pondered over how he was going to fight against the serpent. 'For one, it wouldn't be wise for me to fight against it with the spear,' thought Valyr to himself, certain that the serpent was able to emulate all of his spear techniques, as well as showcase some techniques that the young man himself could not unleash. 'Aside from the fact that I would be on the losing end once the spear begins to siphon my strength away, the fact that I'm fighting against it in semi-close range is also a downside, especially with its stats empowered by the mark.' 'Of course, it would still be viable for me to use it as a hidden move, considering how much damage it's able to deal,' the young man continued to thinking, gazing at the serpent to see if it was going to make a move anytime soon. Seeing that the serpent was also staring at him, it did not take long for him to understand that the serpent was pondering over its next move as well. "And to think the old man said that it relies more on its instincts to fight," Valyr scoffed before distancing himself from the serpent to give himself time to react. "In any case, since fighting against it with the spear is detrimental, there's only one other way to effectively fight against it." Taking in a deep breath, Valyr began to circulate mana throughout his body, a part of it eventually seeping out of his pores and forming a protective layer. "Get away from it as far as possible and bombard it with magic." … "I'm surprised the brat is having problems fighting against the serpent." As he watched Valyr fight against the Juvenile Shadow Serpent, Noel found it somewhat odd that the young man looked to be receiving all of the serpent's attacks, as if it were on purpose. "Surely he's capable of fighting a serpent that's not only at the peak of Rank 3, but a serpent that's also at the Mythic Elite tier, no?" Scratching the back of his head in slight confusion as he witnessed Valyr distance himself from the serpent, Noel went ahead and used his identification skill on the serpent to see if he had misjudged Valyr's capabilities. Ding! "Wait a second…" Reading through the information he had obtained regarding the serpent, it did not take long for a frown to appear on Noel's face, only for him to soon realize what was going on. "The brat's curse…" Finally understanding why Valyr was having a hard time against the Shadow Serpent, Noel felt an urge to slap himself in the face, only to stop himself from doing so as he looked at the young man with a hint of concern. "Would it even be possible…?" Wondering whether or not to stop Valyr from fighting the Shadow Serpent even further, the old man recalled their earlier foray into the Shadow Plane, with the young man having no problem fighting against enemies that were not only of a higher level than him, but were also at the Mythic Elite tier thanks to his curse. "But this is an Ancient Elite we're talking about…" Murmuring these words to himself, Noel decided to take a look at the serpent's status screen to make his decision, only to notice something he hadn't noticed while looking at it earlier. [Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Ancient Elite)] (Level 55 | Boss) Class: Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Rare) HP: 46,676/52,800 ndαsnοvεl.cοm MP: 107,712/107,712 Stats: 275 VIT, 443 STR, 487 AGI, 762 DEX, 748 INT, 316 WIS, 275 PER, 151 LUK Skills: [Shadow Energy Affinity], [Shadow Energy Mark], [Shadow Serpent Combat Style], [Shadow Serpent Movement Style], [Shadow Serpent Magic Style], +14 other skills Remarks: Truly a dangerous foe even to prodigies of the same level. "Its HP is reduced…" Noel muttered, only to recall the clash between the serpent's tail and Valyr's spear earlier. With this in mind, the old man's eyes widened as he closed the screen before him, deciding to stay put as he continued to watch the fight with a solemn expression. "Though it may be harsh for someone like me to put a prodigy through even more difficulties… as long as he succeeds, his future would be undoubtedly bright," said the old man to himself, only to catch what he was saying before letting out a bit of laughter. "Then again, he might just be able to pull it off." … "[Intermediate Mana Magic Style: Arcane Influx]!" Whoosh! Deciding to lean more towards a magic-based combat style, Valyr began to enhance his magic capabilities, activating a couple of skills that he hadn't even activated before. "[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" Then, after feeling like he had empowered his magic capabilities to the fullest, he then activated what he considered a staple amongst his magic spells, sending a barrage of blades made out of crimson flames in the Shadow Serpent's direction. Unfortunately… Whoosh! "Oh, come on!" "You even have magic?!" Chapter 517: Renewed Confidence "[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Empowering his magic to the fullest, Valyr went ahead and conjured a large array of blades made out of crimson blades, making sure to consume as much mana as he could during the process. Naturally, he still saved a small portion for himself just in case things went south. 'I'm seriously going to be out of options if this doesn't work.' Inwardly muttering these words to himself, the young man soon took in a deep breath as he willed all of the blades to head in the serpent's direction, hoping that a portion of them would land on the serpent's body and end its life altogether. "Hiss!" However, just as Valyr thought that the serpent had no way to defend or retaliate against the magic bombardment he had conjured, the Juvenile Shadow Serpent raised its tail all of a sudden before waving it back and forth. Faintly wondering what the serpent was doing, Valyr's mind went blank once he noticed the tail being covered in Shadow Energy… as well as another type of energy he was incredibly familiar with. "Oh, come on!" shouted Valyr in an exasperated tone, putting more willpower into the blades in response. "You even have magic?!" "Hiss!" As if responding to the young man's question, the serpent let out a loud hiss as the Shadow Energy and mana accumulating around its tail swiftly transformed into a giant ball. Then, with all of its strength, the serpent flung the ball towards the direction of the blades, only for it to explode in midair the very moment one of the blades made contact with it. Bang! Appearing like dark fireworks, the giant ball of combined Shadow Energy and mana burst into multiple droplets, all of which had made contact with the blades Valyr had sent out to injure the serpent. Surprisingly, even a single droplet making contact with the blades was more than enough to dispel them, causing the barrage of blades to disappear within seconds as a rain of dark droplets appeared before the young man. "[Serpentine Sprint]!" Activating one of his movement speed boosting skills, Valyr swiftly ran away from the dark rain's area of impact, barely dodging most of the rain by the time he had left it. Nevertheless, some of the droplets had still made contact with the young man and his armor, corroding a considerable portion of it, as well as dealing a substantial amount of damage to the young man. dαsvel.cοm "Ngh…!" Enduring the sting the dark droplets gave him as it made contact with his skin, Valyr swiftly took out a health potion from his spatial bracelet before consuming its contents. Then, as he felt his health gradually return to a stable level, he circulated all of the remaining mana in his body throughout the surface of his skin, preventing the dark droplets from doing more harm to him. "Shadow-attribute magic, huh." Going through his treasure trove of memories as he deduced what type of magic he was fighting against, the young man could not help but click his tongue once he found out what it was. "Definitely not the best type of magic to experience on the receiving end." Though Shadow-attribute magic seemed like it would act similarly to Dark-attribute magic, the attribute actually acted more similarly to magic that leaned towards corrosive attributes, such as Poison-attribute magic, or Acid-attribute magic. The only between those magic types and Shadow-attribute magic was the fact that it still contained a trace element of darkness to it. Which only made it all the more devastating whenever the magic hit its mark. "Now… how the heckwould I fight against something like that?" Seeing as the odds were stacked against him, whether it be in physical stats, in combat style, or in magic attribute, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he took a brief look at the serpent's stats, letting out a low sigh as he noticed that the damage he had dealt to it so far had not even exceeded 20% of its max HP. "Hmm…?" Fortunately, while reading through the monster's status screen, the young man eventually noticed that the serpent had not moved at all after sending out a counterattack against the barrage he had sent towards it. Thinking about it for a bit, it seemed like it had roughly been a minute since the serpent made its move. "Wait a minute…" Feeling as if a light bulb had gone off in his head, Valyr moved the serpent's status screen to the side as he sent a single blade of mana towards the serpent, putting a decent amount of energy into it. Unfortunately, instead of the serpent remaining immobile like it had been so far, the serpent retaliated with a bit of magic of its own, sending out a ball of Shadow-attribute magic to combat it. In fact, one could consider the serpent's retaliation to be overkill for the magic attack that was heading its way, seeing as it had conjured an orb of energy similarly sized to the orb he had sent out earlier. However, whether or not the serpent's retaliation was overkill, what happened after that was more than enough for Valyr to confirm his suspicion. 'Looks like the heavens have still given me a way out of this.' Letting out a chuckle as he halfheartedly avoided the serpent's counterattack, Valyr swiftly removed the dark droplets corroding his armor and body with a small burst of mana before retrieving both a health and mana potion from his spatial bracelet. "Man, it must be nice to have control over such a strong magic attribute." Consuming the potions he had retrieved to recover his condition to an acceptable level, the young man took in a deep breath before charging forward, extending both of his hands outward as orbs of crimson flame manifested on his palms. "Hiss…!" Unsurprisingly, the serpent already knew what the young man sought to achieve, trying its hardest to retaliate against the attack, or at the very least, move out of the way. Sadly, with it having cast magic in retaliation earlier, its entire body was currently paralyzed, the reason behind Valyr's renewed confidence. "[Crimson Blaze]!" Overcharging both orbs of crimson flame he had manifested to their very limits, Valyr jumped into the air before throwing it at the immobile serpent. In response… <subtxt>.</subtxt> Bang! Chapter 518: Just To Be Shattered Once More '-1014!' '-507' "Hiss!!!" Though the amount of damage dealt by two orbs to the Juvenile Shadow Serpent was minuscule compared to the attack Valyr had sent with his spear earlier, the serpent still hissed in pain, feeling immense humiliation at the fact that the human that had attacked it had made use of one of its weaknesses. 'Definitely low in comparison… but I can't really complain.' On the other hand, Valyr had a neutral expression on his face as he watched the damage numbers appear above the serpent's body, retreating at the very moment he noticed the serpent begin to move once more. Seeing as the serpent was about to cast its own magic in retaliation to the damage he had dealt to it while it was immobile, the young man went ahead and conjured a wall made out of earth before him in preparation, only to conjure more of them around him not long after. "With my Attack stat scaling off of DEX, I definitely wouldn't be able to use magic to its full potential." Finishing off his defense preparations
