<subtxt>.</subtxt> "There was a way to do that." Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Telling Valyr to let the Abyssal Energy surrounding him do its thing, Noel began to manipulate the Abyssal Energy in a way that cleansed the young man's body both inside and outside, making his senses more perceptive in general. "I used to have a disciple that was incredibly talented in magic, but had to pick up the spear due to her parents," said Noel as he continued to manipulate the Abyssal Energy. "Back then, I asked myself the same question I was asking myself earlier. Unfortunately, I did not have the capability to act upon it at the time." "But now… that's not the case." Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! After making the young man's senses more perceptive, the Abyssal Energy Noel used to envelop Valyr soon made its way to the young man's mind, inundating it with a plethora of information regarding the Shadow Plane, as well as Shadow Energy. "Rejoice, Valyr," said Noel with a grin, retracting the Abyssal Energy after seeing that its work was done. "From this point onward, you are a Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer no more." "Instead, you are the first of its kind. The first to receive this new subclass. The trailblazer of a new path I've just made a reality." "Valyr Zeihardt, you are Veldanyr's first ever…" "Shadow Serpentine Manalancer." Ding! Chapter 521: A New Subclass ndαsnοvεl.cοm ? At the very moment Noel had retrieved the Abyssal Energy surrounding his entire body, Valyr heard a string of notification sounds resound in his mind, causing him to feel a faint sense of nausea as he recalled the various sensations he had just gone through. First and foremost was the process Noel had done on him that allowed his senses to be more perceptive. Utilizing Abyssal Energy, what the elder had basically done was improve the pathways that sent signals from his senses towards the brain, increasing not only the speed at which these signals were sent, but the clarity of these signals as well. 'It definitely like I was being operated on every part of my body.' Slightly shuddering at the thought that came to mind, the young man then moved onto the second process Noel had done on him, which was imparting him information regarding the Shadow Plane and Shadow Energy directly to his mind. Unlike the odd sensation the first process had given him, the second process was more or less tolerable to Valyr, being reminded of the various times in the past he had pushed his mind to its limits. Though the information he had received was not small by any means, the mental strain it put on his mind was negligible at best, processing and organizing the information within seconds by the time the Abyssal Energy was done with its task. 'I guess it's time to check out the notifications I received.' Taking in a few deep breaths as Noel faintly nodded at him in silence, Valyr faintly nodded back as he brought up the notification screen in front of him once more, realizing that the notifications could be split into three types. Ding! [Your subclass 'Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer (Uncommon)' has been changed to 'Shadow Serpentine Manalancer (Rare)'.] [The stats obtained from the user's previous subclasses shall now be redistributed to match the current subclass' stat distribution.] [You have gained 30 DEX and 135 INT.] 'Darn. That's a lot of stats.' The first type of notifications he had read through were those that had something to do with his stats. Due to his subclass undergoing an increase in rarity, it was no surprise that Valyr had gained a massive amount of stats because of it, his INT being the main focus of the rarity increase. After getting over the shock of having far more INT than before, he then moved onto the second type of notifications on his list, all of which had something to do with skills related to the subclass. [Due to the nature of your subclass, the skill 'Shadow Energy Empowerment' has been upgraded.] [Due to the nature of your subclass, the skill 'Shadow Eye' has been upgraded.] [Due to the nature of your subclass, the skill 'Shadow Energy Mark' has been upgraded.] [Due to the nature of your subclass, the skill 'Shadow Serpent Combat Style' has been upgraded.] … [Due to the nature of your subclass, you have gained the active skill 'Shadow Serpent Magic Style'.] [Due to the nature of your subclass, you have gained the active skill 'Basic Shadow Energy Manipulation'.] 'And here I thought I'd have to ask Elder Noel on how to get my hands on it.' Though he had already expected all of the skills to undergo improvement once his subclass increased in rarity, Valyr did not expect to gain an additional skill. Fortunately, after he thought about the name of the subclass and how it had something to do with magic, it did not take long for him to think that it made sense, soon finding it ironic if the subclass did not give any type of skill related to magic whatsoever. 'Now, for the last few notifications.' Unlike the first two types of notifications, which could easily be identified through the system, the third type of notifications tackled something that only became prominent during certain situations. His Attack stat. [Due to the nature of your subclass, your Attack stat now scales off either your DEX stat or your INT stat, depending on the skill that is used.] <subtxt>.</subtxt> [However, due to the nature of your subclass, the efficacy of the Attack stat on skills that rely on INT are only 50% effective compared to skills that rely on DEX.] 'There's probably a way to improve this at some point. I'll have to ask Elder Noel about this.' Briefly finding it a slight shame that the Attack stat did not scale off his INT stat fully, Valyr was still more than elated by the change. After all, even though the scaling was only 50% effective, he knew very well that the improvement that came along with it was more than 50% depending on the skills he used. Incredibly satisfied with the changes and upgrades his new subclass had given him, the young man went ahead and brought up the description of the subclass as he briefly glanced at Noel, only to see the old man looking at him with a satisfied smile. Ding! [Shadow Serpentine Manalancer] (Subclass) Rarity: Rare Many spearmen throughout the ages have tried to forge their own path by taking inspiration from nature, with some ending up more successful than others. However, there are those who forge their own path of spearmanship by taking from nature itself, allowing their way of the spear to stand head and shoulders above their peers. A Shadow Serpentine Lancer is one such path that takes from nature itself, taking the energy of an elusive beast, the Shadow Serpent, and making it into one's own. Such a lancer gains the ability to land deadly yet elusive attacks under the covers of the shadows, turning them into a foe that would be everyone's worst enemy in the battlefield. However, amongst these lancers are those who did not abandon the ways of magic, instead integrating them alongside the spear in the midst of their fights. With the energy of the Shadow Serpent coursing throughout their bodies, their beings stand above normal Shadow Serpentine Lancers not only in terms of flexibility, but also in destructibility. Such beings are only known as Shadow Serpentine Manalancers… and you are the first of its kind. For each level gained in this subclass, the user gains +2 VIT, +1 STR, +3 AGI, +5 DEX, and +5 INT. "So, what do you think?" Seeing as the young man seemed to be finished looking through his new subclass in detail, Noel threw Valyr a question as he let out an amused chuckle. "Definitely far beyond my expectations," replied Valyr, letting out a chuckle of his own. "Glad to hear, glad to hear." Nodding in response, a proud smile adorned Noel's face. Though, after Noel's words, an awkward silence soon enveloped the two, both of them wondering where to lead the conversation next. Fortunately, it did not take long for Valyr to come up with a topic, breaking the awkwardness as he asked the old man a question. "Elder Noel, mind if I ask you some questions while I fight some creatures in the Shadow Plane? I do need to get used to this new subclass, after all." "I'd definitely be glad to." Inwardly thanking Valyr for breaking the silence between them, the smile on Noel's face remained as he swiftly created a platform for the two out of Abyssal Energy, zooming through the lands of the Shadow Plane in search of foes soon after. Chapter 522: Following One’s Footsteps Whoosh! Whoosh! "I'm beat." Being the first to get out of the rift, Valyr laid down on the ground as he let the cold air blowing throughout the room caress his entire body, feeling his physical and mental exhaustion disappear with every passing second. "I did tell you not to push yourself so hard, brat." As for Noel, he let out a low sigh as he got out of the rift, slowly shaking his head as he dismantled the magic circle powering the entrance to the Shadow Plane. "In any case, are you finally used to your new subclass?" "More than used to it at this point, Elder Noel." In response, Valyr beamed a grin. "With how much fighting I've had to do in the Shadow Plane during those past couple of days, you could even say that it's a natural extension of myself at this point." "Truly crazy," murmured Noel as he sat down on his bed, his mind recalling all of the fighting he had seen Valyr engage in during the time they were in the Shadow Plane. Though it seemed like the fight between Valyr and Juvenile Shadow Serpent took up quite a large chunk of their time in the Shadow Plane, the total amount of time it took for the two to search for a Shadow Serpent and kill it was roughly three hours. With that, after taking a small break, the young man still had roughly two days to do whatever he wanted in the Shadow Plane before he had to leave no matter what. Thus, as a response to break the silence between them after the old man had given him his new subclass, Valyr suggested that he fought against the creatures of the Shadow Plane to get used to his new subclass, which Noel unsurprisingly agreed to. After all, if the young man were to fight creatures here rather than fight creatures out in the real world, the young man would be effectively killing two birds with one stone. For one, he would be gaining experience with his new subclass, finding out the limits of the subclass, as well as the limits of his body under the new subclass. Aside from that, he would also be gaining Shadow Energy from killing the creatures, something Noel made sure to happen every time the young man wanted to fight. Taking only the most necessary of breaks as he sustained himself on health, mana, and stamina potions in both his and Noel's spatial bracelet, Valyr had killed about five thousand creatures in total, which allowed him to break through bottlenecks for his Shadow Energy stat multiple times. At the moment, the young man's Shadow Energy stat was at 89 points, allowing the status boost effect from [Shadow Energy Mark] to now be incredibly noticeable. "As I've mentioned earlier in the Shadow Plane, there's no need to obtain a quest from me in order to improve your subclass to the next rarity." After the two had taken a sufficient break under the room's cold air, Noel broke the silence as he looked at the young man still lying on the ground. "As long as you meet the amount and quality of Shadow Energy needed, your subclass will naturally improve." "A thousand points in Shadow Energy and 3rd Cleansing grade in quality, right?" asked Valyr in response, wanting to make sure that he remembered the man's words correctly. "Correct." Fortunately, he did, eliciting Noel to nod in agreement. "As long as you reach that amount and that quality of Shadow Energy, your Shadow Energy will undergo a transformation, turning into Void Energy and allowing you to ascend to the subclass' next rarity." "Of course, with you being the first Shadow Serpentine Manalancer in the world, I have no clue whether or not the requirements to ascend to the next rarity shall remain the same or not," added Noel soon after. "However, I shall pray to the heavens that it does remain the same." "I definitely hope it stays the same." Valyr nodded in agreement, deciding to stand up after peering through the room's large windows. "In any case, thank you very much for your guidance, Elder Noel." Seeing that the sun had already set, the young man decided to say farewell to the elder, giving the latter a respectful bow. "I shall find a way to repay you for this in the future." "The only repayment I need from you is for you to reach the same level as I did," said Noel with a smile, gesturing to Valyr that he was free to leave. "Naturally, if there ever comes a day that you touch upon the concept of Chaos, I'll be more than content with life." "Oh, I almost forgot," added the old man at the very last minute. "Since you now have proper control over Shadow Energy, you can open an entrance to the Shadow Plane on your own at anytime. There's no need for you to find me to enter it anymore." "I'll definitely keep that in mind, Elder Noel. Farewell for now." Saying farewell to Noel once more, Valyr finally left the Spearman Guild, roaming through the streets of Algerie City at a brisk pace before arriving at the inn where he and Wells stayed in a few minutes later. … "So, how was the tournament?" At the very moment he had entered the room they stayed in, Valyr instantly heard a question come from Wells, whose expression was currently that of a slight frown. "It was good," replied Valyr with a slightly apologetic smile, knowing that his friend was concerned for his safety. "Thanks to it, I'm now the leader of the party for the upcoming inheritance." "Is that so?" With a slight frown still adorning his face, Wells raised an eyebrow as he looked at his friend from head to toe. "Why's your armor mangled, then?" "About that…" Hearing Wells' question, a wry smile appeared on Valyr's face as he recounted what had happened in the Shadow Plane, omitting details that he knew Wells would not react kindly to. "So that's why I felt like you've gotten stronger." However, rather than ease up after hearing Valyr's explanation, the frown on Wells' face became deeper as it now showed a hint of concern. "But that doesn't mean you don't need to take breaks." "And that's exactly why I plan to take it easy for the remaining days up to the day where I enter the inheritance." Fortunately, Valyr's next response did, prompting Wells to inwardly let out a large sigh of relief as a smile now replaced the frown. "Oh, thank the heavens." Chuckling in response to Wells' reply, Valyr's expression soon turned into that of slight curiosity as he noticed that the aura surrounding Wells had gotten considerably stronger compared to when he had felt it before he left for the tournament. "Wells, is it me… or have you gained a few levels?" Hearing this question from his good friend, Wells let out a bit of laughter as a mysterious smile appeared on his face. "Hmm… I don't know. Why don't you check it for yourself?" Whoosh! Just as Valyr was about to nod in agreement to his friend's suggestion, the young man was swiftly bombarded by the entirety of Wells' aura. Within its radius, he felt that the aura gave him a familiar feeling, but he was not sure where that familiarity came from. "Ah." Coincidentally, that was the exact moment when it hit him. "You ascended." Chapter 523: An Urgent Message "I did." Hearing Valyr's words, Wells nodded in agreement before chuckling and grinning as if he had just played a prank on his good friend. "When did you ascend?" Of course, as his friend, Valyr was glad that Wells had ascended to the next class rank, considering the many benefits that ascending offered aside from an increase in strength. If anything, the only reason why he had realized his friend had ascended through sensing his aura was because of the same feeling Wells' aura gave him while he was interacting with Hal and the others earlier. . "While you were away, actually." Hearing this answer from Wells, Valyr's eyes widened in slight surprise, expecting the former to have thought about ascending to the next class rank for quite some time. Fortunately, Wells' reasoning behind his ascension while Valyr was away was more than enough for the latter to realize that his friend had indeed put a lot of thought into it. However, he was not expecting himself to be one of the reasons why Wells had ascended to Rank 2. "With how much fighting you've been doing lately, I feel like there'll eventually come a day where you need to fight, but you couldn't due to how hard you've pushed yourself. Because of that, I thought that I needed to improve my strength somehow, even if the level of strength I achieve isn't the same as yours. At the very least, I hope to ease your burdens through me." Though hearing Wells' words made him feel like he was talking to a close family member than a friend, Valyr greatly appreciated that the man was caring for his wellbeing, feeling his heart warm up as he firmly embraced his good friend. "Thanks." Feeling a bit surprised at first from the sudden hug, Wells eventually returned the hug back with a smile, telling Valyr that it was the least he could do as he was the reason why he was free to aim for the zenith of spearmanship. "Speaking of which, what kind of ascension did you go for?" After letting go of each other, Valyr's curiosity took over as he asked the young man as to what species and class he had ascended to. Unsurprisingly, Wells' choice for his species evolution was Human (2nd Unsealing). His class evolution, on the other hand… "True Spear Scholar," said Wells to Valyr, prompting the latter to raise an eyebrow as he waited for the former to explain. dαsvel.cοm "Though it's similar to the Spear Scholar class you've allowed me to ascend to Rank 1 in terms of skill set, the True Spear Scholar class is better than it in many ways." "For one, instead of the class being Epic rarity, the True Spear Scholar class is considered Legendary rarity by the system." Hearing these words from Wells, Valyr's eyes widened in interest as his friend continued to list down the perks brought by the improved class. Though, in short, the True Spear Scholar class had only come about due to Wells' intense focus towards a single goal, which was the zenith of spearmanship, while sacrificing other things in exchange. At those words, Valyr realized that Wells tended to seclude himself more often than not, causing him to apologize to the young man after that. In response, Wells let out a chuckle as he told Valyr that it was fine, assuring him that he did not seclude himself because he needed to, but because he chose to. After that, the two of them talked about what each other did during the day, with Valyr talking about the improved subclass he had gotten to Wells in considerable detail, even going so far as telling the young man that it was a hybrid subclass of sorts. Unsurprisingly, with Valyr talking about his subclass, Wells soon brought up the topic of his own subclass into their conversation, or more specifically, the lack thereof. Listening to the possible combinations Wells had come up with that he felt would synergize with the True Spear Scholar class, Valyr eventually told Wells that he might have a subclass that would achieve a great level of synergy with his main class. Though, not wanting to get the young man's hopes up that much, he told him that he would check the Myriad Archives first to make sure that the subclass he had in mind did synergize with it. With Wells' response towards the bit of information regarding having to look through the Myriad Archives being positive than negative, the two of them eventually ate their dinner at a restaurant near the inn before returning to their respective portions of the room, with Valyr letting out a long sigh of relief as he lied down in bed. "There's no greater feeling in life than to finally lie down in bed after an exhausting day," muttered Valyr to himself, only to correct himself soon after. "On second thought, close to three exhausting days." "Speaking of which, I should go check the skills that were upgraded by the subclass." Briefly doing a light stretch in bed, which gave Valyr an immense amount of relief, the young man soon brought up a couple of the skills that were upgraded by the Shadow Serpentine Manalancer subclass, saving [Shadow Energy Mark] for last after remembering the notifications he had gotten about it after killing the Juvenile Shadow Serpent. Ding! Ding! "Hmm… the boost to PER has increased by an additional 5% on [Shadow Eye] after the subclass was upgraded." Nodding as he read through the updated description of the skill, Valyr soon pushed his perception to its limits to see if that was the case. "Huh. The boost to efficacy [Shadow Energy Empowerment] offers to both [Shadow Serpent
