final paragraph he had read, Valyr took a few deep breaths before closing the book, briefly shrugging his shoulders as he stood up to put the book back in its original place. "Well, I did get far more information than what I bargained for, so I can't really complain much." "In any case, I guess I now know why the rulers in this planet are seldom replaced by their descendants. With a lifespan that long, they would undoubtedly be at their prime level of strength for hundreds of years." Valyr faintly chuckled as these words lingered in his mind. Feeling satisfied with the answer he had obtained, Valyr decided to move on to the other questions in his mind that were still unanswered, going through the various bookshelves within the fifth floor to see if he could answer the two questions in his mind that he considered were slightly harder than the question about lifespan. "Found it." Fortunately, after a few minutes of scouring, he eventually found the books that allowed him to obtain an answer to these questions, heading to another nearby table to sit down before taking a look at the titles written on their cover. "To my left, 'A Detailed Breakdown on Weapon Bonds and the Like'," Valyr muttered to himself. "And to my right, 'A General Compendium on Curses'." "Hmm…" "Guess I'll start with the one on my left." Chapter 362: Answering More Questions "Weapon bonds are bonds formed between man and weapon, arising when the two unite as one in the battlefield after causing immense bloodshed. Due to this, only those who have spent a long time with their weapon in the battlefield, or those who have wreaked havoc with their weapon and caused a massacre in the battlefield have a high chance of awakening a weapon bond." 'Huh.' Deciding to focus on answering his question involving Sana's peculiar ability first, Valyr read through the book's introduction on what weapon bonds were, noticing that the second method given by the definition was quite similar to the method he used to awaken the weapon bond between him and his spear in the first place. 'As far as I remember, players always told other players that if you wanted to awaken a bond with your weapon, you should kill a total of 1,000 monsters or greater. Did that saying come from this book somehow?' Pondering over this thought, Valyr felt like the chances of his thought being true were likely. Then again, with how many books there were in the Myriad Archives tackling the same topic, he did not dismiss the possibility that the player where the saying originated from came across a book that was similar to the one he was reading. In fact, even a book that could only be accessed with a higher rank of authority did not escape his realm of possibility. Feeling like his train of thought had gone off on a tangent, Valyr shifted the topic back to what it was earlier, proceeding to read past the book's introduction and into the main part of what the book tackled, which were the various types of weapon bonds that existed. 'Although I more or less know how these different weapon bonds work, it doesn't hurt refreshing my knowledge of it.' Concentrating all of his attention on reading the information contained within the book, Valyr proceeded to go through its various pages, muttering some of the passages along the way. "There are four types of weapon bonds: Nascent, Ignition, Ego, and Spirit. Nascent weapon bonds refer to weapon bonds that are classified as Level 1 and Level 2 bonds on one's weapon, allowing the user of the weapon to establish some form of communication with their weapon." "At Level 1, the form of communication most commonly found is through the sensing of emotions, with the ability to talk being rarely observed, only being a few words at most." Nodding as he cross-referenced what he knew from back then to what he was reading, Valyr continued. "On the other hand, Level 2 allows the owner to engage in a greater form of communication, being able to hold basic conversations with one's weapon. In conjunction with the ability to sense the emotions of a weapon, this allows the user to obtain more information from their weapon." 'Hmm. I do feel Sana's emotions from time to time when it talks. Though, with how we've been talking to each other so far, would our level of conversation really be considered basic?' Taking a bit of time to process what he had read regarding nascent weapon bonds, Valyr quickly noticed how his weapon bond with Sana seemed to be at a higher level even though it was classified as Level 2 by the system. 'Aside from that, there's no mention of the weapon gaining the ability to look through the user's memories at the nascent weapon bond level.' Rubbing his chin with his forefinger and thumb as he contemplated over the matter, he also checked through his memories to see if what he knew about nascent weapon bonds talked about the ability to scour through the user's memories. Surprisingly, there was no mention of it in his memories either. 'If I remember correctly, that's only something that's available to weapon bonds of a higher level.' Letting out a faint sigh, he decided to continue reading through the book. "Forming a Level 3 bond with your weapon now classifies as an Ignition weapon, hence the bond being called an Ignition weapon bond. At this level, the user has no problem holding a full-on conversation with their weapon, even giving the owner the ability to tap into the potential of the weapon bond and allow their weapon to temporarily achieve a great level of power." "With that, a Level 4 bond only pushes that further, turning an Ignition weapon into an Ego weapon, which is also the name of the bond. Though the owner still has the ability to tap into the weapon bond's potential, the weapon now has the ability to act on its own and fight alongside its owner, acting as if it were an entire entity altogether." "Still no mention of Sana's ability…" Valyr muttered to himself, scratching the back of his head as he found his bond with his spear more peculiar by the second. Fortunately, the final level finally shed some light into his question, though the answer he obtained only made him realize that his bond with Sana was all the more peculiar. "Lastly, a Level 5 bond allows the weapon to take on the shape of a human, transforming into what is called a Spirit weapon. Weapons at this level are capable of shifting between their human form and weapon form at will, while at the same time being able to exert a level of power far greater than even Ego weapons." "It is also said that Spirit weapons gain access to a rudimentary version of the system, allowing them to increase their strength even further, as well as gain access to a portion of the owner's memories, allowing them to synergize with their owners to a whole other level." Thud! Slamming the book shut as the paragraphs describing the final weapon bond level lingered in his mind, Valyr stared off into the distance in silence as he tried to make sense of the information he had just read. By the time a couple minutes had passed, he let out an incredibly long and exasperated sigh, the frustration he felt at arriving at a complicated answer felt through it. "So, if I'm getting this right… my bond with Sana, even though it's classified as Level 2 by the system, functions like a Level 3 bond and a Level 5 bond at the same time. Then again, the latter function disappeared so it would be more correct to say that it's similar to a Level 3 bond." "Ah, forget it. I'll ponder more about it later." Furiously scratching his head for a bit, Valyr took a few deep breaths to calm himself down before deciding to proceed onto the next question he wanted to answer, which had something to do with the mark that was on his back. "Haah…" "I really hope the answer I get this time isn't as complicated." Chapter 363: Only For Even More Questions To Come "Here we go. A General Compendium on Curses." Moving the book detailing weapon bonds to the side, Valyr placed the book on curses in front of him, briefly admiring the craftsmanship that went into its cover before proceeding to read through its pages. Unexpectedly, within the first few pages of the book, rather than mutter out some of the passages he came across, Valyr read through it in silence as his brain eagerly absorbed all of the information he was obtaining. As the book was a general guide on what curses were and what types existed, it was no surprise that the beginning pages detailed the definition of a curse, which he quickly found out his idea of a curse was wrong all this time. "Huh. And here I thought all curses come about from reneging on deals with those from the Underworld." Muttering out these words to himself in response to his ignorance, Valyr swiftly returned to becoming silent as he read through more and more of the book, each page giving him a far better idea of how many curses there were. Being a general compendium on curses, the book tackled the various types of curses that existed, with the most common ones being poison-based and magic-based curses. Naturally, these curses were self-explanatory, with the solutions to removing them being self-explanatory as well. Nevertheless, with how detailed the book was in breaking down the various parts that went into forming a certain type of curse, Valyr eventually had a thought surfaced in his mind, pondering whether it was possible for him to create a magic-based curse utilizing the crimson flames he had control over. After all, being flames that were highly focused on destruction, using crimson flames on a magic-based curse would surely bring the one cursed great amounts of pain. Quickly discarding the thought after realizing that a great portion of steps into making such a curse need a level of control over magic that he did not have at the moment, he then moved onto the more obscure types that the compendium enumerated, eventually finding the type that he felt was describing the Mark of the Alltide on his back. "Authority-based curses," Valyr muttered as his eyes were glued to the pages he was currently on. "These types of curses take on the properties of the other curse types mentioned before, but these curses are separate from the other curses due to one reason." "The existence of a greater authority having control over the curse." As Valyr's eyes glossed over these words, the engrossed expression on his face gradually had a slight frown on it, his mind recalling the description of the curse he had received. "A greater authority… the Alltide, then." Deciding to see if this curse type was indeed the one he was looking for, Valyr continued reading through the pages detailing authority-based curses, only for the frown to grow deeper the further he went. By the time he had stopped reading, his eyebrows were furrowed as his expression had turned solemn. "The layout for a magic authority-based curse is similar to what I have on my back," muttered Valyr to himself as he went over what he had obtained from the book. "The mark denoting the greater authority at the center and then magic circles surrounding it." "To remove the curse, one could either get stronger than the greater being that cast it in the first place, kill the greater being that cast it, or die." Valyr scratched the back of his head as he let out a low sigh. "To obtain such a curse, one must commit a deed that offends a greater being, such that they want one's life to be a fate worse than death." 'I guess that deed is when Sana absorbed the blood and energy of that Prodigious Lesser Tidemother.' Taking in a deep breath to calm his emotions, Valyr then returned to the book, wondering if he could obtain more information regarding authority-based curses. Though he did gain more information out of it, an incredibly bitter smile appeared on his face when he read it, only to let out a deep and long sigh as he closed the book. "Making an authority-based curse worse is quite simple to avoid. Just don't do the deed that made the greater being cast the curse in the first place." "Well, darnit." Standing up to place the books back in their respective bookshelves, the lingering thoughts in Valyr's mind focused on the last tidbit of information he had gotten from the book on curses, which tackled how one could make a curse worse. "So you're telling me the mark on my back will get worse no matter what I do." "Or would it be considered better due to my circumstances?" Pondering over it, Valyr gradually made his way to the staircase as the gears in his mind started to turn. From what he had found out, the mark on his back getting curse was an inevitability since he would have to upgrade Sana to a higher rarity eventually. With that, he would have to slay a stronger Tidemother and have his spear absorb its blood and energy, which would be him doing the same thing he had done to get the curse in the first place. Of course, there was also the option of just keeping Sana at its current rarity, though Valyr felt like it would be a waste since the upgrade path was considerably simple once all things were considered. Aside from that, he felt like having a worse version of the curse might be an advantage rather than a detriment, though that would only be true once he picked up a couple of monster summoning skills to take advantage of it. 'In any case, I've more or less answered the simpler questions in my mind.' Heading up the staircase, Valyr eventually arrive at the sixth floor of the Archives, the highest floor he could enter with his current level of authority. 'I guess it's time to answer the harder questions.' Looking through the various bookshelves displayed all throughout the floor, Valyr eventually found the ones that contained books and other documents on the questions he wanted answers to. Questions… that involved Greater Beyond itself. Chapter 364: A Peculiar History 'System, open up the forum.' Wanting to see if his stats as a Rank 2 class holder would allow him to obtain more information from things he initially thought of as mundane, Valyr commanded the system to bring up the forum, causing a small screen to appear in front of his field of vision as he looked through the bookshelf before him. "There's still no posts, huh." Letting out a faint sigh as a wry smile gradually crept up onto his lips, Valyr stared at the screen before him, which contained buttons and tabs on its sides that he had become familiar with as an avid forum user in the past. Yet, even though the core buttons and tabs that made up a forum were there, the most important of a forum, the posts, were not there. "Now that I think about it… do NPCs have access to the World Net?" Closing up the screen as the question from before lingered in his mind, another question of a similar vein popped up into his mind as he took a quick look through the screen that contained the World Net, deciding to catch up on news regarding Greater Beyond now that the beta period was done. 'Well, it's no surprise that many people are hyped to try out the game for themselves.' Seeing multiple articles praising the graphics and high level of realism that Greater Beyond offered to its players, a faint chuckle escaped Valyr's mouth as he recalled how he was left in awe after watching a few trailer videos of the game in the past. In fact, because of those videos, he was not able to sleep properly for the week that followed after the release of those trailers. Returning his train of thought back to the matter at hand, Valyr closed the screen that contained the World Net before focusing his senses on the various books and documents that were displayed on the bookshelf. Eventually, he found a book that more or less contained everything he needed, becoming certain of it being the case after doing a quick skim over it. Grabbing the book from the bookshelf, Valyr made his way to an empty table nearby, taking note of how the number of people on this floor, including him, only amounted a number slightly above 10. Placing the previous thought aside, the young man then focused his attention on the book in front of him before proceeding to open it. "The World of Veldanyr and Its History and Geography." Skipping over the foreword that the author had placed at the beginning of the book, Valyr was quickly greeted by the sight of a few graphics within the book, something which he had not seen in the books he had opened before, save for the book that went into detail on curses. However, unlike the crude drawings on the book on curses, the graphics within the book Valyr was currently heading appeared to have taken painstaking effort. "Veldanyr is the name of the world that us humans live in. There are a total of five continents within this world, all of which are enveloped by two massive oceans." Feeling like he had gone back in time to where he would read the books within the game's libraries for fun, it did not take long for him to get engrossed in what he was reading, muttering out some of the passages every once in a while. "The name of the continent we are on is called Zaveigest, and this book shall go into detail on the events that had transpired within it. All of these events could be categorized into three major ages: The Age of Darkness, the Age of Uprising, and the Age of Innovation." By the time he had gotten to the point of the book where it went into detail on the various ages of history that transpired within the world of Veldanyr, Valyr's imagination was working on overdrive, allowing him to vividly imagine the scenes that had happened during those times, which gave him a better idea of how everything unfolded. As the first age to be explained in the book, Valyr was quite surprised with the events that had been described during the Age of Darkness, recalling that the language used to describe this part of Veldanyr's history was more tame back when he was a player. Nevertheless, that did not stop him from immersing himself, putting himself into the shoes of the humans during this time. Then again, if one were to think of two words that described the living conditions of humans during this time, then most of them would probably think of the phrase 'living hell'. The Age of Darkness, as the name implied, was the age in history where humans were treated like beings of lesser importance. Almost all humans during this age grew up under the notion that they would live and die as food for the races that reigned over Veldanyr back then, which were the orcs, elves, dragons, devils, and werebeasts. As for the humans that were lucky enough to not become the food of the five ruling races, they either became high-quality slaves, playthings, or items of pleasure for these beings. All in all, humans had no say whatsoever whenever it cames to matters involving the world of Veldanyr. Though, that all changed when the system had appeared. On one fateful day, all of the humans through the world had gained access to the system, giving them the ability to reach a level of strength that would allow them to match the five ruling races, and even go far beyond if they wanted to. With that, one person had devised a plan that all of them would revolt against the rulers of that time, deciding to gather strength in secrecy and only make their move a year after the system's appearance. By the time a year had passed, a great portion of the humans had revolted against the ruling races, waging a great war against them that lasted for hundreds, if not thousands of years. This part was the Age of Uprising, the part of Veldanyr's history that piqued Valyr's interest the most. Aside from the fact that humanity's greatest strategists and fighters had been born during this time, there was a small bit of information that Valyr noticed as he read through this part of the book. A piece of information that might hold the answers to his question involving the forum and the World Net. "System updates…" Chapter 365: A Peculiar Self From the name itself, system updates referred to improvements that happened to the system, such as making certain features of the system more efficient, or adding more features that would help the user of that system do other tasks more efficiently. Of course, the author of the book Valyr was reading quickly clarified that the term 'system updates' did not catch on at first amongst the humans, instead referring the phenomenon under multiple terms related to the word blessing, awakening, ascension, and so on. Though the author of the book later went on to mention that even though that was the case in the past, the humans still recorded the differences between each system update, which Valyr was surprisingly able to read through this book. 'I wonder how long the author of this book took to compile all of this information?' Gaining newfound respect towards the author who had penned the book he was reading, Valyr
