able to find out once I take a look at the Zeihardt clan for myself?' As this question popped up in his mind, he soon recalled the question he thought of in the first place related to the Zeihardt clan, quickly realizing that he had not answered it at all. 'My existence and the clan's existence… what does it really have to do with Greater Beyond's first version?' Armed with newfound knowledge after reading through the book on the Zeihardt clan, Valyr felt like he would be able to obtain a more definite answer to the question. However, in the end, he decided to leave it be for now, thinking that he would leave it for when he headed to the Zeihardt clan. 'Speaking of which, Augustine and Emilia Zeihardt…' Recalling the names that were written alongside his name on the book, Valyr thought about his body's parents and how they looked like, as well as how they treated the man before he took over. Pondering over it in silence for a while, he eventually made a decision. 'They'll be the first ones I'll contact regarding the World Quest. Though, I'll still have to do some information gathering first before doing so.' 'Either way, the Myriad Archives has truly widened my horizons.' Now at the first floor of the Archives, Valyr waved goodbye and thanked the teenager that helped him out earlier before leaving, making his way back to the inn soon after as he shifted his thoughts to the things that he planned to do before the Four Pillars' Inheritance started. "I'll head to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains to grab myself some Skill Keys to evolve my skills, but before that, I should consume the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir I got from Riekan before I forget again." Muttering out his thoughts out loud, Valyr roamed through the streets at a slightly brisk pace. "Speaking of which, I still haven't submitted those weapons for those quests to the Blacksmith Guild. At this point, it's already long overdue, I think." "…Would they still accept it?" Arriving at the decision to still submit the weapons to the Blacksmith Guild after he was done consuming the Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir a couple minutes later, Valyr eventually arrived at the inn, swiftly making his way to the room he and Wells occupied, only to find the latter sitting cross-legged at the man's own room. "Any plans on heading to the Experience Pit to increase your level in the next few days?" Passing by Wells' room, Valyr posed a question to the man, prompting the former to open one of his eyes as he swiftly responded. "Probably. It all depends on whether or not what I'm doing right now turns out to be a success." Hearing those words, Valyr nodded back and gave the man a few words of encouragement before proceeding to head to his room. Once there, he searched through the things he had brought along with him, eventually finding the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir he had obtained from Riekan. Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief at the fact that he had brought it with him to the kingdom instead of leaving it at the village all this time, Valyr went ahead and proceeded to consume the vials one by one, allowing the energies from the elixirs to clash in his body as a feeling of newfound strength coursed throughout his body not long after. Ding! [After drinking vials of Intermediate Physical Reinforcement Elixir and Intermediate Mental Reinforcement Elixir, you have gained +20 VIT, +20 STR, +20 AGI, +20 DEX, +20 INT, +20 WIS, and +20 PER.] [As you have consumed 10 vials of both Intermediate Physical Reinforcement Elixir and Intermediate Mental Reinforcement Elixir, your body has tempered itself even further, allowing it to go past the initial stage. You have achieved the stage of Intermediate Reinforcement.] [You have gained the passive skill 'Intermediate Reinforced Body and Soul'.] Chapter 369: Visiting The Blacksmith Guild Similar to how it felt back when he had obtained [Basic Reinforced Body and Soul], the scorching hot energy from consuming Intermediate Physical Reinforcement Elixir coursed throughout his body, making Valyr feel as if he had been transported to a desert all of a sudden. However, not long after, the biting cold energy from consuming Intermediate Mental Reinforcement Elixir counteracted against it, making him feel as if he had been transported to a tundra instead. The swapping between hot and cold brought him mild discomfort at first, changing every few seconds or so. Though, as time passed, the shift between two temperatures became more and more frequent, causing him more and more discomfort until he eventually felt pain from the sensation itself. Fortunately, having gone through greater bouts of pain, such as learning multiple skill books in a row and having the Mark of the Alltide carved onto his back, the greatest amount of pain he felt from the shifting of temperatures only made him tightly grit his teeth at most, the pain going downhill not long after. In exchange for the subsiding pain, a wave of relaxation washed over body. At that moment, it was as if all of the things making up his body had been liberated from some sort of shackle holding them down, allowing Valyr to feel that he had tapped into a bit more of his latent potential. With that, he took a look at the notifications he had received, causing a faint smile to appear on his face as he brought up the description of the skill he had obtained in front of him. Ding! [Intermediate Reinforced Body and Soul] (Lv. MAX) Rarity: Epic The body contains tons of untapped potential, waiting to be unearthed. Realizing this, multiple methods have been devised and created throughout history to do just that, with some even becoming well-renowned for years to come. However, only one method stood up to the test of time, becoming the de facto standard for all beings that seek to grasp the entirety of their body's power. This skill is given to those who have gone past the stage of Basic Reinforcement, giving themselves the ability to tap deeper into their body's latent potential, also known as the stage of Intermediate Reinforcement. This skill increases all stats by 10 points. 'It definitely takes longer to get used to.' Closing up the screen after he was finished reading, an expression of satisfaction written all over his face, Valyr went ahead and did a few basic movements to acclimate himself to his increased stats, finding it somewhat difficult to do so. 'Then again, I did gain 30 points in every stat… though I only gained 10 points in LUK.' 'In any case, let me just get used to this new level of strength then I'll head out to the Blacksmith Guild.' With that thought in mind, the young man spent a bit more time getting used to his newfound strength, even going so far as to test out his strength in the mental department by conjuring items using the basic manipulation skills he had in his arsenal. Finding significant improvements in both fields, Valyr eventually finished adjusting to his increased stats a few minutes later, commanding the system to show him a glimpse into his list of passive skills, causing a faint grin to appear on his face a few seconds later. 'Imagine if I already had a set of Advanced Reinforcement Elixir available,' thought Valyr to himself, his gaze focused on the skill [Intermediate Reinforced Body and Soul]. Not long after, he shifted his gaze towards [Basic Reinforced Body and Soul], prompting him to let out a slightly maniacal chuckle as he thought about the increase in strength Advanced Reinforcement Elixir would give to him. 'Then again, there's not much point in having it this early. After all, I can only consume it once I ascend to Rank 4.' 'Either way, the fact that the mechanic behind consuming Reinforcement Elixirs are the same from what I remember does put a smile on my face.' Taking a look out of the window to check how much time was left before sunset, Valyr quickly got up and grabbed the weapons he had brought along with him from Clossbay City before putting them all in his spatial bracelet. Making sure that the weapons he grabbed were the ones needed for him to complete the quests he had accepted from the Blacksmith Guild, Valyr then told Wells that he would be heading to the Blacksmith Guild for a while before bidding farewell, arriving at his destination only a few minutes later. … "It sure is convenient that the Blacksmith Guild's building is only a fair distance away from the Imperial Production Guild." Standing in front of a building that had a similar exterior to the Imperial Production Guild, with the only difference being the amount of space the building occupied, Valyr headed through its entrance as he briefly glanced at the plaque that hung above it. "Blacksmith Guild — Algerie Kingdom Branch" Shifting his gaze to what was in front of him, the young man was quickly greeted by the sight of the guild's main hall, the first sight he had noticed being the many people lining up in front of the various counters, with most of the expressions on their faces being that of calmness or slight panic. After that, he shifted his gaze towards the far end of the hall, noticing the spacious corridor that led through the guild's other rooms, as well as the remaining counters that were reserved for official members of the guild. Ttang! Ttang! Ttang! Turning his head to the side, Valyr then saw a few people forging items in workshops located on the opposite side of the counter, prompting a few people from the lines to turn around and talk to the blacksmiths themselves. Surprisingly, rather than be annoyed, these blacksmiths instead approached these people with amicable smiles on their faces, stopping what they were doing before proceeding to hold a conversation with them. Though curious as to why that was the case, Valyr decided that he should finish his own tasks first, heading towards the counters that were allocated for the official members of the guild. Showing his iron badge to the guard that stopped him, the latter quickly gave the young man the right of way, prompting Valyr to inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he lined up. 'And here I thought I'd have to deactivate [Enhanced Polymorph] before being able to get through.' Thinking that he would probably have to deactivate the skill sooner or later while in the guild to prove his identity, Valyr began to think of contingency plans in the off chance that he was asked to dispel the skill, using the time waiting for his turn at the counters to do so. With the line in front of the counter for official guild members being half as short as the other counters, it only took around 20 minutes of waiting for Valyr to be served by the attendant behind the counter, being a man in his twenties wearing a uniform that had the crest of Blacksmith Guild emblazoned on his chest. "Welcome to the Blacksmith Guild, how may I help you today?" Hearing this question from the attendant, Valyr brought out the weapons from his spatial bracelet and placed it on the counter before him. Seeing that the attendant's attention had been piqued by his actions, he then proceeded to answer the man's question. "I accepted a couple of quests from the guild sometime ago that involved forging weapons," said Valyr in a calm tone. "However, I feel like I've already gone past the deadline of submission for these quests. Would it still be possible to receive the rewards from these quests even though they're long overdue?" "Hmm… could you tell me the names of the quests you accepted?" Furrowing his brows for a bit as he pondered, the attendant eventually asked Valyr for the names of the quests, to which the latter swiftly gave. Nodding in response, the man then brought out a thin tablet before infusing it with mana, tapping its surface a few times here and there before eventually looking back at Valyr. "Fortunately, there's no time limit to the quests you accepted so it would still be possible to claim them." As these words left the attendant's mouth, Valyr inwardly let out a long sigh of relief as a smile soon crept up onto his lips. "Please give me your proof of membership, as well as any other requests you might have while I'm processing your rewards." "Ah. Would it be possible to claim the Technology Points I have access to for the month?" Nodding back, Valyr swiftly complied by giving his iron badge to the attendant, only to ask the man regarding the Technology Points soon after. In his mind, he thought that enough time had passed since the last time he claimed his Technology Points, thus he decided to ask the attendant about it. "Give me a second…" In response, the attendant looked at the badge for a bit, only for the man's eyes to briefly widen in surprise as he stared at Valyr. Taking note of this, Valyr stared back at the man with a hint of confusion on his face, only for his body to shudder in fear not long after as he felt a wave of tyrannical energy wash over his body for a brief moment. Looking around to see where the energy he felt had come from, Valyr eventually gave up after being unable to find the source, returning his attention back to the attendant in front of him. At that moment, the attendant was already finished processing Valyr's rewards, as well as the question he had asked him, prompting the man to give Valyr's badge back to him as his tone sounded more polite than before. "The rewards for the quests you have accepted have been sent to you, sir," said the attendant, causing confusion to appear on Valyr's face once more as he continued to listen. "As for the Technology Points, I have also confirmed that you are eligible to claim it for this month." "Though I would have preferred to give you your Technology Points and move on…" "I have been informed that there is someone important within the guild that wants to meet you, sir." Chapter 370: A Suspicious Meeting "Hmm?" In response to the attendant's words, Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity as the confusion on his face continued to remain. Pondering over whether he knew anyone within the Algerie Kingdom branch of the Blacksmith Guild, he eventually came to the conclusion that he did not know anyone. With that, he wondered even further as to who the person might be. 'He did say that someone is important within the Blacksmith Guild…' Scratching the back of his head for a bit as his mind thought about the elders he had met from the Imperial Production Guild, the thoughts in his mind eventually clicked as Valyr's eyes briefly widened, gaining an idea of who the person looking for him might be. 'I wonder if that person had something to do with the wave of tyrannical energy I felt earlier.' Feeling like the chances of the person he had in mind meeting him were high, Valyr nodded in response at the attendant's words, deciding to ask the latter about the person's identity to see if his thoughts were correct. "Unfortunately, that person did not allow me to give you his identity." At those words, Valyr could only put on a bitter smile on his face, faintly nodding as he decided not to pester the attendant any further with the same question over and over. After all, the man before him was just doing its job. With that, he instead asked the attendant where he could find the person that wanted to meet him, causing the attendant's body to visibly relax as the man quickly replied. "All you need to do is to head through the corridor and enter through the door at the very end. There you will find the person who wants to meet you, sir." Hearing these words leave the attendant's mouth, Valyr nodded once more as he committed the directions to memory. After that, he asked the attendant once more to make sure if he had indeed gotten the rewards from submitting the weapons he had forged, to which the attendant replied that he did. "What about the Technology Points? Didn't you tell me I could claim them?" Valyr asked after his first question, recalling that his question regarding the Technology Points had not been answered clearly. In response, the attendant let out a faint sigh as he adorned a faint bitter smile. "Indeed, I did. However, the person that wants to meet with you has informed me earlier to tell you that it would be better for you to claim your Technology Points with him, sir." "Can't you just process the Technology Points while I meet with them?" "Sadly, that person has also told me to not process it, lest I were to be fired, sir." "I see." Feeling a bit guilty that the attendant had been dragged into the current situation he had gotten himself into, Valyr decided to not make things any more complicated than they already were, thanking the attendant for his time before proceeding to head to the room the attendant told him to head to. … "That felt more like a maze than a corridor." Recalling the great number of twists and turns he had to pass through to reach where he was at the moment, Valyr could not stop himself from having a frown on his face, though it disappeared not long after he arrived at the door before him, hearing the sounds of metal clashing against one another on the other side. Standing where he was for a bit, he closed his eyes and began to perceive the energy that was being released from the other side, quickly noticing that the energy was more or less similar to the wave of energy that washed over his body while he was talking to the attendant earlier. Though this realization only made him more unsure of the identity of the person on the other side of the door, Valyr mustered up the courage to knock on the door before him, causing the sounds on the other side to quiet down as a gravelly voice resounded from the other side. "Come in." Taking in a deep breath, Valyr faintly nodded before opening the door, only to be instantly greeted by a sight that he did not expect to see at all. Covering the entirety of the room were multiple machines tailor-made for forging, with each machine being made for a specific step in mind. All of the machines had runic engravings on their surface, prompting Valyr to think that all of them were powered through mana. Forming a contrast to the advanced machines within the room was the furnace that could be found at the back end of the room, taking up most of the space in the back. Being made out of roughly cut stone that seemed to have melted from the heat it had been constantly subjected to, the furnace gave off a barbaric feeling as the heat it gave off at the moment made Valyr feel as if he was standing in front of a gate that led to the Underworld. Eventually, his eyes landed on the man at the center of the room, who stood behind a large anvil that seemed to be made from refined Azure Iron, hammering away on the sheet of metal on its surface with all of its strength. Taking a look at the man's face, Valyr thought that he looked to be in his early forties. However, now armed with the knowledge of how one's lifespan increased with every ascension, he felt that it wouldn't be far-fetched for the man before him to already be in his late eighties, perhaps even surpassing a hundred years of age. Aside from that, the man's body seemed to be made for the purpose of blacksmithing, with every muscle on the man's body bursting out, filled to the brim with energy. This formed a contrast to the empty head of hair the man was sporting, with the only remnants of hair on his face being his eyebrows and his bushy mustache, both of which were reddish brown in color. "I guess this is the first time we've seen each other face-to-face." Just as Valyr was continuing to admire the room he was currently in, thinking of it as the closest thing to heaven for blacksmiths in Veldanyr, the middle-aged man placed down his hammer before shifting his gaze towards Valyr, giving him a toothy grin as he chuckled. "You might be wondering why I told the attendant serving you to have you head here, right?" At this question, Valyr merely nodded in response. However, once he heard the man's response, his eyes narrowed in suspicion as he soon flared his aura in its entirety. "Well, let's just say I want to talk about a couple of things with you…" "Valyr Zeihardt." Chapter 371: Julian Pyrrhia Hearing his name being uttered out of the man's mouth even though he had [Enhanced Polymorph] activated, Valyr instantly showed a hint of aggression towards the man, as well as a bit of suspicion towards the man's intent as he flared his aura in its entirety. "What a ferocious aura." However, rather than respond to the showing of aura by releasing his own aura as retaliation, the middle-aged man instead allowed Valyr's aura to wash over his body as a grin soon crept up on his face, causing the man's face to look somewhat nefarious. "Then again, with how I knew of your true identity without you knowing mine, this response is normal." "With that, how about I introduce myself?" Whoosh! At the very moment the man was finished with his words, he instantly let the entirety of
