let out a long sigh of relief as he lied down on the ground, allowing himself to catch his breath as he basked in the cold air that blew throughout the room. "Move a bit, will you?" Whoosh! Not long after, Noel appeared within the room as well, exiting the rift before proceeding to dismantle the magic circle that had been powering it all this time. Swoosh! Taking in a deep breath, the old man placed both of his hands on the magic circle, siphoning the Abyssal Energy he had infused into it as the magic circle slowly dispersed on its own. "Well, that takes care of that." Wiping off the dust that had gathered on his hands, Noel soon refocused his attention onto the young man still lying on the ground, the latter's expression that of relief and delight. "You could lie down on the bed, you know?" "Just needed to take a quick breather, Elder Noel. That's all." Responding to the offer, Valyr shook his head as he stood up, dusting off the back of his clothes before looking at the old man. "After all, I've been fighting nonstop for over 8 hours." "In any case, when am I going to fight against a Shadow Serpent?" As Valyr asked this question, Noel went silent for a bit as he rubbed his chin in contemplation. "If you want, you could go and fight a Shadow Serpent tomorrow if you feel like you're up to the challenge," said Noel after he was finished thinking. "However, I'd suggest you take a couple days of rest first, not only to get your body in the best condition it could possibly be in, but to also acclimate yourself and get used to manipulating Shadow Energy at the 1st Cleansing grade." "Is that so?" Hearing Noel's words, Valyr grinned. "If that's the case, then I'll do just that." "Then again, Julian promised me that he would have someone accompany me to the Akashic Battlefield tomorrow, so I guess I'll be in a far better fighting condition for the Shadow Serpent than I'd ever be?" "The Akashic Battlefield, eh?" Recalling the news surrounding the Akashic Battlefield as of late, Noel had a solemn expression on his face. "Well, just make sure to take a ton of breaks while you're in there." "I will, Elder Noel." Feeling like their conversation had finally ended, Valyr decided that now was the time for him to take his leave, thanking the elder for allowing him to enter the Shadow Plane and giving him the opportunity to improve his Shadow Energy. However, just as he was about to leave the elder's room… "Say… now that I think about it, there's a chance you might disappear for a far longer time than usual again." "Er… that's…" "Of course, you could have the leader of the Blacksmith Guild send me another letter for that, but it would definitely be a nuisance to get it. So… how about you add me to your friend list instead?" "…" "…" "Pardon?" Chapter 435: Reuniting With A Friend MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "He really didn't let me leave until I added him to my friend list…" Slowly making his way back to the inn where he and Wells were staying, Valyr let out a low sigh as he briefly turned his head back to look at the Spearman Guild's building, being reminded of the happenings that occurred between him and Noel just as they had gotten out of the Shadow Plane. … "Pardon?" Though Valyr understood the reasoning behind the old man wanting to add him to his friend list, the young man still found it somewhat confusing. After all, unlike Julian, who gave him a friendly vibe from the get-go, Noel still felt somewhat distant from him, even though they joked with one another from time to time. Though, if Valyr thought about the exact reason why he felt it was weird for him to add someone like Noel to his friend list, then it would be due to the disparity in their age. He could still find ways to foster a better relationship with a middle-aged man like Julian, even more so with his relaxed personality. But if he were to replace Julian with Noel… "What pardon? Is your friend list already full or something, brat?" Surprisingly, Noel took slight offense at the question, slightly frowning in response. Taking note of this, Valyr quickly clarified to the old man that he was just surprised that the latter would even suggest adding someone like him to his friend list. "Wouldn't it make more sense for your friend list to be full thanks to your position and power, Elder Noel?" "Bah! Those people have to earn the right to be on my friend list." Hearing Valyr's question, Noel scoffed. "Aside from that, the only other reasons why people are on my friend list are: they owe me something, I owe them something, my friendship with them goes a long way back…" "…or in your case, they've piqued my genuine interest." Finishing his explanation then and there, Noel soon brought up a screen in front of his field of vision, interacting with it for a bit before shifting his gaze towards Valyr. Ding! [Noel Voragine (Lvl. 85) has sent you a friend request. Would you like to accept?] "You better accept it, or else I'll make sure you won't be able to complete that subclass promotion quest of yours." Hearing a notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr already knew what kind of notification he had received. Though, just as he was about to decline out of respect to the old man before him, the young man swiftly changed his mind after he had heard what Noel said, in fear that the latter might truly act upon it. Ding! [You have added Noel Voragine (Lvl. 85) as a friend.] "Good. You listen well." Obtaining a notification from his system that the young man had added him as a friend, Noel beamed a grin at the young man, telling the young man soon after that he could now leave and get some rest. In response to those words, Valyr blankly stared at Noel for a bit before nodding, leaving the confines of Noel's room and the Spearman Guild not long after. … "Well, it's not all that bad I guess." Briefly shrugging his shoulders in response to what he had recalled, Valyr thought about how adding Noel to his friend list set a precedent for other possible people he could add to his friend list. "Since Noel was fine with it, I guess I could also add Julian to my friend list once I pass by the Blacksmith Guild." "Then again, I still regret the fact I didn't add Riekan when I had the chance to." Letting out a faint sigh, the young man thought about the guy he had interacted with at the end of the Astarto Goblin Den, only to then recall that there was a chance they would meet again thanks to the necklace the person had given him. "Speaking of which, would it have been possible to add An'xhur to my friend list?" After recalling Riekan, he then shifted his thoughts to An'xhur. Pondering over it for a bit, he then thought it probably wouldn't have been possible, considering that the Sage of Erudition was already a small portion of its original soul. "In any case, it's definitely been a long day." With this thought in mind, Valyr continued to walk through the streets of Algerie City, eventually finding himself at the room he and Wells were staying in. … "Well, well, well… look who finally came back." Sensing that the door to their room was being opened, Wells swiftly became vigilant, only to then relax once he found out that it was Valyr who had opened it. Letting out a faint sigh, he looked at Valyr with a slight frown. "You definitely took your time to come back here." "What can I say? I had a lot of things on my plate." In response to Wells' complaints, Valyr laughed it all off, apologizing to the former soon after for being away longer than expected. "Oh? You've gotten stronger while I was gone." After Valyr had finished apologizing to Wells, the two of them began to talk about some of the things the other side had been doing during the past few days they were apart, only for Valyr to notice something different about his friend. "That may be the case, but I could say the same to you." Though slightly happy that his friend had noticed the change he had gone through, that happiness was swiftly replaced with shock as he noticed his friend undergoing through the same change as well. "Did you already reach the peak of Rank 2 or something?" "Yeah, I did." Nodding in response to the question, Valyr soon followed up with a question of his own. "And I'm guessing you've finally reached the peak of Rank 1?" "If you put it that way, it sounds like I'm trying to catch up to you." Though Wells nodded in response to Valyr's own question, he thought that there was more to Valyr's words hidden between the lines. "Then again… I probably am." At those words, Valyr let out a bit of laughter, causing Wells to let out some laughter as well, allowing the atmosphere in their room to lighten up. With that, the two of them caught up with one another on the progress each side had made during the past few days, with Valyr sharing tidbits of information to Wells that made the latter made his mouth open agape. Conversely, Wells had also shared a few things with Valyr that made the young man's mouth open agape as well. With how much energy Valyr had wasted throughout the past few days, Valyr decided to hit the hay early, lying down on his bed to get some shuteye after eating a light meal for dinner. Though, just as he was on the brink of wandering off to dreamland, a certain thought eventually popped up in his mind. 'Now that I think about it…' 'Where did the boars go?' Chapter 436: Opening Up Past Scars MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith With how tired Valyr was after spending more than a day doing quite a lot of things within less than a day in the real world, it did not take long for the young man to be greeted by the morning sun once more, getting up at the very instant he had a chance to. "Mngh…" Lightly stretching his arms as far as he could after sitting himself upright, Valyr sat by the side of the bed for a couple of minutes to allow his consciousness to become fully awake. Once he felt awake enough to do his things, he then went about doing his usual daily routine. 'Since I'm finally back from the Shadow Plane, I guess it's finally time for me to upgrade all of those unleveled skills of mine to the max level.' Allowing the cold and refreshing water from the shower head to relax and rejuvenate his entire body, Valyr opened up his skill list in his mind, deciding to upgrade his unleveled skills in batches to make sure his mind not be overwhelmed by an influx of information once again. 'Guess I'll start with the important ones first.' Continuing to soak his body under the cold and refreshing water, Valyr retrieved a few Uncommon grade Skill Keys from the spatial bracelet he still wore into the shower and gripped them tightly, commanding the system soon after to upgrade 10 Uncommon grade skills in a row. [Would you like to consume 10 Uncommon grade Skill Keys and 9,499,860 XP to upgrade the 10 skills you have chosen to their max level?] "Yes." Ding! Obtaining a notification sound from the system as confirmation of his prompt, Valyr prepared himself for the wave of information that would come… only to still be incredibly unprepared for it as a far greater influx of information than he had expected surged into his mind without hesitation. Thud. Due to the suddenness and the volume of the information he had received from upgrading 10 skills to the max level, Valyr temporarily lost control over his body, prompting his legs to buckle as he fell to the ground with the water still streaming down his body. Thankfully, it did not take long for him to regain control soon after as a relaxing feeling soon washed over his mind, brought about by the Skill Keys he had consumed to break the limits of the skills he had chosen. Then again, he only had a limited time to stabilize himself before being bombarded by yet another wave of information, stumbling for a bit before eventually regaining his footing. If not for the fact that the second influx of information was considerably weaker than the first wave, then Valyr was certain that he would land on the bathroom floor once more with a solid thud. "I'll… upgrade another batch of skills later." By the time the mental strain brought about by the skill upgrades had subsided, Valyr had already dried himself off and put on a fresh set of clothes. Activating [Enhanced Polymorph] as he went over the things in his mind that he still wasn't finished doing, Valyr headed to Wells' room first to notify his friend where he was going for the day before he truly left the inn, walking along the streets of Algerie City a couple of minutes later. … "This should be a nice spot to test it out." Though Valyr had planned to head to the Blacksmith Guild to meet up with Julian regarding his journey to the Akashic Battlefield, the young man decided to head into an empty alleyway for the meantime as he recalled the thought that had appeared in his mind just as he was about to fall asleep. "Ih pyn'ah tt'wagg k'ahn haap nmal'kas at meht'tagg." "[Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts]…" "[Summon Arx'has Boar]." 'I really hope they aren't stuck in the Shadow Plane.' Thinking about how he had forgotten about the boars' existence after he upgraded his Shadow Energy quality by two grades, Valyr felt bad for them, especially with how he and the group had formed an intuitive understanding of what the other side wanted to do. Whoosh! As the magic circle before him became saturated with mana, Valyr looked at the boar that was appearing with expectation, only to be filled with worry not long after as the boar that had appeared had stats at Level 1. Taking in a few deep breaths to make sure his emotions did not cloud his rationality, Valyr tried to summon an Arx'has Boar once more, but this time utilizing the skill's growth summoning method. "Ih pyn'ah tt'wagg k'ahn haap nmal'kas at meht'tagg." "[Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts]…" "[Growth Summon Arx'has Boar]." Ding! Surprisingly, rather than the magic circle he had created through the skill being saturated with mana, a small screen instead appeared in front of his field of vision, prompting him to read through it as he wondered why it had appeared all of a sudden. "Oh, thank goodness." Unexpectedly, the contents of the screen contained information regarding the five boars he had summoned within the Shadow Plane, their stats and levels the way they were at the end of their Shadow Tiger hunting spree. Letting out a long sigh of relief as he found out yet another feature of the [Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Art], Valyr went ahead and dispelled the Arx'has Boar he had just summoned, retrieving part of the mana he had consumed to summon it in the process. "I should really get going." Leaving the empty alleyway with greater knowledge regarding a skill he thought to himself he would use more often in the near future, Valyr returned to the streets of Algerie City, hastening his footsteps as he arrived at the Blacksmith Guild a few minutes later. … "I'm guessing Noel wasn't too harsh with you, considering you've become stronger in just one day." At the very moment he stepped foot into the Blacksmith Guild, one of the attendants quickly recognized Valyr's appearance and told him that he was allowed to head to the Guildmaster's room whenever he wished to. With that, the young man did just that, being greeted by a middle-aged man's chuckle just as he had arrived. "It's mostly because I've finally reached the peak of Rank 2, but yeah. Elder Noel taught me a lot about the subclass I've gotten from him." In response to those words, Valyr let out a bit of laughter of his own. "Is that so?" Grinning, Julian placed his hammer on the anvil in front of him before turning around to look at Valyr, a faint smile adorning his face as he took a brief glance at the young man's Nascent Wyvern Armor. "Anyways, I presume you're here to get an update on the Akashic Battlefield, right?" "Well, you did tell me I could come by tomorrow." "True. I did tell you that." Julian nodded with a soft smile. "Well, fortunately for you, I was able to arrange an escort that would accompany you along the way and within the Akashic Battlefield." "In fact, that person volunteered to escort you there after hearing that you were the one they would be escorting." "Ah! Speak of the devil. Your escort is right behind you." At those words, Valyr turned around in curiosity, wondering which person would be eager enough to escort him after hearing his name being mentioned. However, rather than his expression be that of surprise or delight, the young man's expression turned into that of slight fear, his pupils dilating as his body slightly quivered. "Well then." The man grimly chuckled. "It seems you've gotten stronger." "Then again... it wouldn't be interesting if you didn't." Chapter 437: Zeik MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith "You…" Continuing to look at the man that would escort him to the Akashic Battlefield, Valyr's body gradually stopped shuddering as the fear he had towards the man slowly turned into that of anger. Clenching his fists as he felt the urge to at least land a blow on the man's face, the young man took in a deep breath to repress the urge, letting his anger simmer in his mind as memories of what had transpired in the past resurfaced. Lingering in his mind at the moment were memories of him whose strength had ascended to a Rank 1 class, returning to the village after participating in the Fledgling Forgers' Tournament in Danyhris Town. Under the shadows of the night, he and Tristan were ambushed by two men cloaked in black garments, with one of them fighting against Tristan to stall for time. As for the other person, the person that fought against Valyr and left the latter in a precarious state, that same person stood in front of the young man, the black garments that shrouded his appearance from before now long gone. Instead, what he saw was a man that looked to be in his early thirties, with skin tanned a fair shade of brown due to exposure to sunlight. This skin of his complemented the contrasting head of silver gray hair the man had, faintly reminding Valyr of a certain fictional character he had come across in his past life. Aside from that, the man had muscles that fit the man's body perfectly, a face that truly defined the vigor of a man in his prime, as well as a faint bloodlust that seemed to accompany the man's every move. "Stared for long enough?" Just as Valyr was about to turn to Julian to ask if there were any escorts he could choose from, the man before him took note of the young man's long gaze at him, mischievously grinning in the process. "You could stare more if you want." "…" In response, Valyr looked at the man dead in the eyes with a slightly grim expression, remaining silent the entire time as he finally looked at Julian behind him. "Can I choose another person as my escort?" asked Valyr soon after, prompting a wry smile to appear on Julian's face, while the man that had appeared continue to grin all the while. "You sure about that?" answered Julian back with a question of his own. "Aside from the fact that he volunteered to escort you to the Akashic Battlefield, he's probably one of the only Rank 5 class holders in the guild that's free to escort you right now." "Rank 5…?" Hearing that specific phrase being uttered out by the middle-aged man, Valyr's eyes widened for a brief moment in shock, turning around to look at the man once more as he recalled the words the man had spoken to him in the past. 'Wasn't he already Rank 4 back then?' "What? Can't a man put in the work to improve his strength?" Though Valyr hadn't uttered out his thoughts out loud, the expression on his face alone was enough for the man to infer what he was thinking, taunting the young man with a faint chuckle. "Zeik…" Seeing that the young man was getting more and more incensed by the minute, Julian decided to put a stop on the man's actions. "You should stop now while you still can." "Did I go too far?" Hearing Julian's words, the demeanor the man had been putting all this time swiftly disappeared without a trace, allowing Valyr to come in contact with an aura that did not lose out in grandeur when compared to Julian's. In fact, after comparing the two auras he had felt from the man, it did not take long for him to feel that the man's current aura was his true aura. "Take a look for yourself." In response to the man's question, Julian pointed at the still frowning Valyr before letting out a faint sigh. "I know you had to make up an excuse to not let Valyr know
