weapon in combat invokes a 0.2% decrease in the user's stats every 10 seconds, capping out at a 30% decrease in all stats.> Remarks: Consider yourself lucky. Or cursed. Or both. 'I think I now see what you mean, Sana.' Moving the description screen to the side as he processed all of the information he had just read, an expression of excitement gradually crept up on Valyr's face, only for a bitter smile to replace it not long after as he thought about the additional innate skill the spear had gained. "The longer I fight, the weaker I become, huh." With his mind lingering around this sentence, he eventually let out a mocking chuckle, thinking about how he had basically become a reverse berserker in the literal sense. Nevertheless, it did not take long for him to get over it, instead calculating how much time it would take for him to cap out the decrease in stats. "25 minutes before I max out the stat decrease…" Wryly smiling at this discovery, Valyr soon thought about this detrimental innate skill from another perspective, finding it somewhat funny that his spear was now pushing him to lean more towards shorter battles. "Fortunately, I'm starting to gain enough strength to do just that." Deciding to focus his attention away from the detrimental innate skill, he returned his focus towards the description screen, letting out a whistle as he briefly looked at the substantial improvement the weapon's Attack stat had undergone. After that, he shifted his gaze towards the first innate skill, which had taken the place of the [Tideburst] skill the spear used to have. "A summoning skill…" "[Summon Lesser Tidespawn]." Whoosh! Feeling a great amount of mana within his body being siphoned away, Valyr extended the spear he was holding, prompting a beam of energy to shoot out of its tip as a monster a couple of feet tall soon appeared a couple of meters away from him. "Hmm…" Looking at the monster that had appeared in front of him, the young man was reminded of the Tidespawn he had killed during the first monster tide he participated in, noticing that it looked similar. However, unlike the appearance of the Tidespawn from the past, the Tidespawn that stood in front of him had less detailed features on its body, while its aura was also significantly weaker than the former. "I can definitely feel a connection between us." Sensing an intangible string tugging at the back of his head whenever he gazed at the Tidespawn before him, Valyr went ahead and used [Analysis] on the Tidespawn he summoned to see whether the skill's description was true. Ding! "Wait a second…" "…" "Are you serious…?" "…" "Hahaha… hahahaha… This is great!" Chapter 356: Finding An Exploit Ding! [Lesser Tidespawn (Elite)] (Level 3) (Summoned by Valyr Zeihardt) HP: 50/50 MP: 40/40 Attack: 6 - 10 Defense: 3 - 5 Stats: 5 VIT, 5 STR, 5 AGI, 4 DEX, 4 INT, 4 WIS, 4 PER, 4 LUK Remarks: Would probably be better off just for show. As Valyr took a look at the status screen he had obtained from using [Analysis] on the Tidespawn he had summoned, the young man quickly noticed that the screen contained far more information when compared to times where he used the skill on monsters he fought against. Of course, it did not take long for him to realize that it was due to the fact that it was a monster he had summoned, giving him the ability to peer far deeper into the strength of the monster he had summoned. "Wait a second…" However, as he continued to look at the monster's status screen, he soon noticed that something was amiss, realizing that the system classified the Lesser Tidespawn he summoned as an Elite monster. Though, just as he wondered whether Lesser Tidespawns started off as Elite monsters when summoned, a thought flashed in his mind, reminding him of a description he had just read sometime earlier. "Is… is the Lesser Tidespawn affected by the curse?" Murmuring this question to himself, Valyr felt that there was a possibility for it to be the case. But as he was not certain that it was indeed the case, he went ahead and hopped down from the dried-up corpse of the Tidemother with Sana and the Lesser Tidespawn, only to feel a wave of pain radiate from his back at the very moment he landed. "Agh!" Gritting his teeth as he endured the pain, Valyr decided to take off his helmet and chestplate to take a look what was causing pain to radiate from his back. Dropping both armor pieces on the ground as the pain began to subside, Valyr activated [Basic Water Manipulation] and cast a sufficiently large orb of water before manipulating it to hover around his back. After that, he manipulated the water in a way that the surface that was closest to the back was flat, turning into a mirror that would allow him to see what was going on. Turning around to look at the makeshift mirror he had made, Valyr was left at a loss for words as he did not expect to see anything like the one he was looking at to appear on his back. "They really took the word 'mark' literally." On his back was the mark of an intricately designed spider that was the color of his darkened skin, which gave off a nefarious feeling whenever he focused his sight on it. Surrounding the spider was a magic circle of the same color, being composed of a layer of magic runes that Valyr had no clue on what it meant. "I guess the magic circle surrounding the spider will grow larger once the mark reaches a higher tier?" Pondering over how the mark on his back worked for a bit, Valyr eventually placed those thoughts at the back of his head, deciding that he would try to find out more about it once he returned to Algerie City and headed to its library, answering it alongside the many other questions he had in mind so far. Wearing the helmet and chestplate back on, Valyr then went ahead and roamed through the outskirts of the village for a bit, eventually finding a lone wolf he could experiment his curse on. "At the moment, the wolf is beyond 100 meters away from me." Activating [Analysis] as he looked at the monster, Valyr quickly found out that the wolf was Level 5, having the stats he expected from a normal wolf at that level. After that, he gradually moved closer to the wolf, eventually closing the gap between them to less than a hundred meters. "Awooo!!!" At the very instant the wolf was less than a hundred meters from Valyr, its eyes gained a faint crimson tinge to it as its body and aura surged with greater power, dashing towards where he was. Seeing that the curse was now taking effect, Valyr went ahead and used [Analysis] on the wolf once more, only to notice that it was now classified as an Elite monster. "I guess that's that, then." Satisfied with the quick experiment he had done, Valyr went ahead and ran away from the wolf at the fastest speed he could muster, increasing the gap between them to half a kilometer within a few seconds, only for him to disappear from the wolf's field of vision not long after. With the effect of Valyr's curse now gone, the wolf stood in place for a bit in confusion, wondering what it was doing just a few seconds earlier. Thinking that it had probably done nothing significant, it soon returned to wandering the outskirts once more in search for prey. … "Move." Now at another part of the outskirts devoid of monsters, Valyr sent a command to the Lesser Tidespawn he summoned, ordering it to move over a hundred meters away from it. Without hesitation, the Lesser Tidespawn followed the order, proceeding to head in a singular direction at the greatest speed it could muster. While the Lesser Tidespawn was doing just that, Valyr activated [Analysis] on it once more, wanting to see whether there would be a difference once it had gone past the 100 meter mark. Whoosh! "Hehehe." Once the Lesser Tidespawn was over a hundred meters away from where he stood, Valyr took a look at the status screen he had opened by the side, noticing that the stats of the Lesser Tidespawn was now more in line with what he expected from a Level 3 monster. Aside from that, the Elite tag at the end of the Lesser Tidespawn was now gone, confirming his suspicions. "Hahaha… hahahaha…" Deciding to dispel the Lesser Tidespawn for now, Valyr cut off the link connecting the two of them, causing the Lesser Tidespawn to transform into motes of blue light before disappearing. After that, he turned around before making his way back to the village, letting out a laughter that only grew louder the more time passed. "This is great!" At the moment, multiple thoughts whirred through Valyr's mind as a result of the two experiments he had just done earlier. With a grin adorning his face, he realized that the Mark of the Alltide, although a curse he did not know how to remove, was actually a blessing in disguise. "I guess I'll have to make a stop at the Boundless Skill Pavilion once I get back and buy a few monster summoning skill books before heading to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains. It would definitely be a waste if I didn't capitalize on this." "I guess this curse isn't completely a bad thing, after all." Chapter 357: Return To Algerie Squeak! Squeak! Squeak! "So… what's with you attracting rats all of a sudden?" As the entire village of Astarto got into a festive mood, celebrating the great success of their defense against the monster tide, Valyr sat behind a table with Alfaera, Damian, Tristan, and Myst, partaking in the delicacies that were on the table while chatting with the others. At some point, Tristan posed a question he wanted to ask to Valyr, causing the latter to give an innocent smile in response. "Oh, nothing," replied Valyr, though multiple thoughts were going on inside his head. At the moment, rats were appearing out of nowhere, all of which had eyes that glowed a faint crimson as they headed to Valyr's feet in the hopes of biting him. However, with him still wearing armor, the rats were unable to deal any damage to Valyr, instead bringing themselves to their demise as small orbs of crimson flames hovered around the soles of Valyr's feet, vaporizing the rats out of existence. "I got my hands on some incredibly strong rat bait back where I was in preparation for a dungeon run I was going to do, but I have a feeling that dungeon was already cleared. With that, I decided… why not use it here instead?" Making up an excuse on the spot, Valyr watched as the four looked at him with hints of suspicion on their faces. Fortunately, after a while, they shrugged his shoulders and found nothing odd about it, deciding to continue where their previous conversation left off. "So, with the monster tide now cleared, what are you planning to do next, Valyr?" While everyone in the village was enjoying their food within the village inn, where the celebration was being held, Alfaera decided to ask this question to Valyr, hoping to satiate her curiosity. "Also, would you come back for the next monster tide?" "Now that's the monster tide's done, I plan to head back to where I was before." In response to Alfaera's words, Valyr pondered over both questions in silence. "As for whether or not I'd come back for the next monster tide and help defend… we'll have to see in the future." "I see." At those words, Alfaera merely nodded before deciding to return her focus on the food on their table. Sometime later, the others that were listening in on the conversation had returned to their food as well, prompting Valyr to grab a bit more food in response. Ding! "Correct me if I'm wrong, but are you heading back to Algerie Kingdom by any chance?" Just as he was about to take a bite of the food he'd grabbed, a notification sound resounded in his mind, causing Valyr to take a look at it, only to find out that it was a message. Though, once he found out that this message came from Alfaera, a look of slight confusion appeared on his face as he looked at the woman, only to notice that she was gesturing for him to remain silent. Faintly nodding in response, Valyr went ahead and sent back a message of his own. "I am… but how did you know?" "Mind us for intruding in your conversation, but let me answer that question." Surprisingly, Tristan was the one who responded to Valyr's question, prompting the latter to realize that Alfaera had made a group chat. "Sometime ago, a group from the Imperial Production Guild came to the village to ask for your whereabouts." "Really? What are their names?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity, Valyr asked back. "Only the leader of the group had given his name. If I remember correctly, he said his first name was Braum." In response to the question, Damian took the chance to respond to it, prompting Valyr to take a look at Myst, who still seemed to be engrossed in eating her food. With that, he quickly came to the conclusion that only the three he were talking to at the moment had come across the group from the Imperial Production Guild. "Braum, huh?" Hearing the name of the man who had been helping him a lot ever since he arrived at Algerie City, a faint smile adorned Valyr's face as he asked the three of them more about what had transpired during the appearance of the group in the village. With that, Tristan took the initiative, telling him about how they were on the lookout for his whereabouts, only to inform the three of them soon after about the reasons, such as his Mythic blacksmith class, and how the Blacksmith Guild had done a test on Valyr beforehand. "Did they say anything else after that?" As someone who had heard it from the source, Valyr nodded at Tristan's explanation, only to ask after the latter was done if they had mentioned anything else. "Not really." With him receiving a response like that from Tristan, Valyr nodded once more before proceeding to end the conversation there, allowing himself and the others to enjoy the ambience and the food prepared for the celebration once more. … "Say, Damian. Mind if you distribute my contribution points evenly amongst all of the members in the regiment?" As the five were about to head off their separate ways, Valyr stopped Damian before the latter could make his way back to the barracks, asking the latter for a favor. "I feel like the points would have greater use under their hands." "Are you sure?" Raising his eyebrows in curiosity, Damian asked Valyr in response if he was sure. Seeing that the latter had no qualms about it, the man shrugged his shoulders before proceeding to do so, prompting Valyr to give the man thanks before they truly separated ways. "Haah…" Letting out a low sigh as he took a look at the night sky, Valyr slowly walked through the streets of the village, imprinting the sight into memory as he thought about how long of a time would pass before he'd be able to return to this place. "I wonder if I could even return to this place at all." "Either way, this is the path I've chosen, so there's no point in turning back." Taking in a deep breath, the expression on Valyr's face changed into that of determination as he eventually walked through the village gates, stopping around a kilometer away. Bringing out the medallion he had been given before he teleported to the village, Valyr took in another deep breath, only to turn around and mutter a few words before proceeding to infuse his mana into the medallion. "Guess we'll see each other again in the future." "Farewell for now." Whoosh! Chapter 358: A Budding Friendship Whoosh! "Welcome to Algerie City." Standing in the middle of a magic circle, Valyr took a while to reorient himself, feeling a hint of dizziness from the teleportation back to the city. After that, he took a look at his surroundings, recognizing that he had appeared back in the Underground Transport Network, noticing that only a few dark-robed people were attending to the others at the moment. 'Well, it is quite late in the night.' Thanking the dark-robed man that had greeted him, Valyr gave the medallion he had brought along with him for the journey to the dark-robed man, eliciting the latter to nod in response before giving him the go ahead to leave the place and return to the city. Taking in a deep breath of the air within the city streets after heading through the path that led him out of the place, the young man went ahead and made his way back to the inn where he and a friend of his were staying at, deciding to take a leisurely pace in doing so as there was not much of a reason for him to rush anymore. With that, while his eyes were darting here and there, admiring the sight the city gave him under the dim moonlight, Valyr engrossed himself in his own thoughts, specifically thoughts that were related to the Mark of the Alltide and the experiments he had done to further his understanding of it. 'It's quite a shame that the Lesser Tidespawn scales off of my level instead of my stats.' Recalling the interactions he had with players back then that took on a combat style that involved summoning monsters, Valyr remembered that the skills they had allowed the strength of the monsters they summoned to scale off their stats instead of their levels. 'If it scaled off my stats, even if it only like 10% of my stats, it would still become a force to be reckoned with due to my Mythic class.' 'However, since it scales off my level, even if I reach the maximum level of a Rank 5 class holder, the Lesser Tidespawn I summon would only be able to fight against monsters barely above Rank 1. Plus it has next to no use for me since I can only spawn one of it at most.' At this thought, a bitter smile gradually crept up onto Valyr's lips. 'Then again, the skill did say it would improve with prolonged usage, so I guess that'll improve later on?' 'Either way, I'm surprised I could actually utilize the curse in that way.' Recalling the experiments he had done in the outskirts of Astarto Village before returning to Algerie City, a grin replaced the bitter smile that graced Valyr's face earlier, a hint of excitement evident in his expression as multiple thoughts and possibilities popped up in his mind once more. "Within a hundred meter radius, any wild monster shall charge at me without hesitation and aim to kill me no matter what. Aside from that, all monsters within that radius shall have their strength augmented to one tier above their usual level of strength." Muttering the effects of the curse he had gained, the grin on Valyr's face became wider as he let out a chuckle. "However, the Lesser Tidespawn is a monster I summoned, which means it's not considered as a wild monster. Therefore, it won't attack me for no reason." "Yet the second effect still applies." "I should really get my hands on some monster summoning skills." Thinking about how he could engage in close combat alongside the monsters he summoned, all of which were buffed under the effects of the Mark of the Alltide, the pace at which he walked to the inn sped up considerably, with him appearing to be jogging more than walking. "Though, I have to make a stop at the city library first and obtain the answers to my questions there." Squeak! Squeak! Squeak! "…and kill these rats chasing me." "[Crimson Ring of Rat Extermination]." Whoosh! … The next day. "How was it using the Underground Transport Network?" As Valyr gave Braum the spatial bracelet he had borrowed from the latter back as both stood at the entrance of the Imperial Production Guild, the latter went ahead and posed a question to the young man with a faint smile. "I can definitely find myself using it more and more often. Though, I do have to save up a lot of money for it." Responding to the question with a brief chuckle, Valyr then thanked Braum for allowing him to borrow a spatial bracelet on such short notice, to which the latter did not mind, telling him that he was helping out someone important. "Why not sell equipment, then?" Listening to Valyr's words, Braum gave the young man a proposal. "Just the fact that you could craft an Epic grade armor set is more than enough for you to get customers from tons of places waiting right before your feet." "I know that." In response, Valyr flashed a bitter smile. "However, I would need to establish a smithy first and get a supply chain going. I've already gone through it before so I know how much it would cost me." "You could always sell it through the Blacksmith Guild's channels, you know?" As these words left Braum's mouth, Valyr was quickly reminded of the method Braum had just mentioned, a slight frown adorning his face as he looked through his memories. From what he could remember, considering he had used it in the past, the amount of money he would earn from it was a far cry to what he could earn from selling it through his own smithy, with only those
