a higher class, your INT to MP coefficient has changed from 1:18 to 1:24.] [Please select the species and class you would like to ascend with.] Hearing a series of notification sounds resound in his mind, a faint smile appeared on the young man's face as a screen appeared in front of him. Looking through the choices that had been made available to him, Valyr eventually raised his eyebrows in slight surprise. "Well… that's something I definitely wasn't expecting." Chapter 580: Four Pillars: Ascension Ding! Please select the class you would like to take as your Rank 3 class: High Elementalist (Rare) Four Natures High Elementalist (Epic) True Prodigious Blacksmith (Mythic) Mystic Shadow Warlord (Legendary) Six Paths True Elementalist (Legendary) Blacksmith of the Three True Paths (Mythic) … 'I see there's a lot more choices this time around.' Being made to choose the class he would have at Rank 3 by the system, Valyr decided to take his time looking through some of the high rarity classes made available to him. Even though the class he would choose to take for his ascension was already a given, the young man was still surprised by some of the choices. 'Oh? There's another Mythic class?' Focusing his attention on the other Mythic class that had appeared as a choice on his system, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to bring up its description. Once the description of the class appeared on the screen beside the one he was already looking at, the young man read through it in detail, faintly nodding in understanding once he was finished. 'So, if I'm getting this right, this class basically replaces the entire forging process I've been doing with the three energies I currently have control over,' thought the young man to himself. While allowing the class' information to linger in his mind, he dispelled the screen containing its description. Commanding the system to bring up descriptions of the other high-rarity classes that piqued his interest, Valyr eventually shook his head. 'Although it's definitely a strong class in its own right, it leans more towards blacksmithing from a more magic-based approach. That feeling only becomes even more prevalent if I consider the stat distribution of the class, which focuses more on INT and WIS.' 'Moving onto the next class.' Briefly pondering over which person he had already come across would excel with the Mythic class under their belt, the young man took a look at the classes that had the word 'Elementalist' on them. From the name itself, an elementalist referred to a branch of mages that specialized in magic revolving around a certain element. If one were to think about it even further, becoming an elementalist seemed limited in terms of future growth. However, there were actually multiple ways one could grow as an elementalist, with the simplest method among them involving the comprehension of another element. As Valyr had picked up magic involving the four elements, it was no surprise that he had obtained a class corresponding to it, which was the Four Natures High Elementalist class. Though he had no plans to pick the class up, the skills available to the class definitely inspired him, such as one that allowed him to fuse the four basic elements together into a higher-ranked element. Taking the Elementalist class one step further would be the Six Paths True Elementalist class, which the young man quickly figured out that it had become available thanks to his Shadow Energy and Mystic Energy. Naturally, the skills available to the class went one step beyond what the Four Natures High Elementalist class was capable of, causing thoughts of fusing Shadow and Mystic Energy together to form in Valyr's mind. 'I gotta enter the Mystic Plane before then.' However, with how the quality and quantity of his Mystic Energy was disproportionate to his Shadow Energy, he would shelf the idea for the meantime, moving onto the last class that piqued his interest. 'Mystic Shadow Warlord.' Unlike the other classes he had previously looked at, this class leaned towards utilizing Shadow Energy and Mystic Energy from a more physical perspective. In fact, Valyr felt like he would have chosen this class for its superb combat ability if not for the fact his current class was one grade higher than it. "Moving onto the species." Feeling more or less inspired by what some of the other classes were capable of, the young man went ahead and chose True Prodigious Blacksmith once more as the selection for his new species appeared in front of him. Ding! Please select the species you would like to take as your Rank 3 species: Human (3rd Unsealing) Kin of the Mystic Plane Half-Serpent Agent of the Shadow Plane Shadow Slave Human (Shadowforged) High Human Half-Shadow Serpent 'Most of the new choices are based on Shadow and Mystic Energy again, huh.' Taking a few deep breaths to compose himself, Valyr looked through the species he could choose to ascend to, with some of them he had seen during his ascension to Rank 2, which were Human (Shadowforged), Half-Serpent, and Half-Shadow Serpent. Seeing them once more, Valyr was reminded that these three species were actually better than his current species in every way. After all, aside from increasing certain stats by a considerable percentage, these other species also gave him Racial Skills, which Human (2nd Unsealing) had none of. However, as someone who had given up on seeing the species till the very end in his past life, Valyr knew that he would not make the same mistake twice. In fact, one of his current choices was the species he had ended up choosing in his past life after giving up on reaching the end of the path of Unsealing. 'Why's High Human unlocked?' Finding the species available on his list of options, the young man was momentarily confused. After all, as far as he knew, High Human would only be available once he had reached 3rd Unsealing, which was the choice he was going to go with for this ascension. Though, after mulling over why it had appeared one rank earlier, it did not take long for Valyr to get an idea. 'I have a strong feeling it has something to do with the fact that I'm a Harbinger. If Mystia had not told me about it, the choice probably wouldn't have popped up.' Inwardly shrugging his shoulders at the thought, the young man went ahead and commanded the system to bring up its description, faintly smiling as he read through it once more. 'If I knew this would have stopped me from evolving to a stronger form of humans later on, I would have probably stayed on the path of Unsealing till the very end.' 'Unfortunately, only hindsight is 20/20.' At this thought, the young man bitterly chuckled, focusing his attention on the reason why he had stopped to choose High Human in his past life. <Racial Skill: Hundred Aspirations - The human race is considered the strongest race in the universe when it comes to adaptation, able to survive in any situation and environment through sheer tenacity. This skill converts 5% of the user's total stats into Points of Aspiration, which could be allocated wherever and however the user chooses on their eight main stats. Any stat points gained in the future shall not be converted into Points of Aspiration. Cooldown: 10 minutes.> After finding out that the higher forms of the human race had better versions of the racial skill he got as a High Human, Valyr instantly felt an immense amount of regret, cursing himself tens of thousands of times that he had made the wrong choice. In the end, he swore to himself that he'd see the path of Unsealing to the bitter end if he got the chance. Nevertheless, even though he felt regret from choosing the High Human race after that realization, the racial skill it gave him still allowed him to achieve feats normally impossible. 'Plus a 5% boost on all stats isn't that half-bad,' muttered Valyr to himself inwardly, moving onto the other species that hadn't been available in his previous ascension. Though, Kin of the Mystic Plane and Agent of the Shadow Plane seemed to be two different paths, their purpose was more or less the same, which was to increase Valyr's affinity with the specific energy, as well as his compatibility with the plane that the energy originated from. The only real difference between the two was the fact that Agent of the Shadow Plane took it one step further, which was probably because he controlled higher quality Shadow Energy. On the other hand, Shadow Slave was definitely an unexpected surprise to the young man. If he ended up choosing it, he would have gained a 30% boost to all of his stats, as well as a series of skills that would basically make him on par with Noel in terms of control over Shadow Energy, which was unheard of for an obtainable class at this rank. However, in exchange, he would only be available to roam the outside world for an hour, with the remainder of that time being in the Shadow Plane. After finding out that this hour was actually a Shadow Plane hour, which meant a seventh of an hour in the outside world, it was no surprise that Valyr's determination to see the path of Unsealing to the very end was greatly reinforced. 'Alright, let's do this.' Choosing Human (3rd Unsealing) as the species he would have at Rank 3, the young man felt a surge of energy throughout his body, only for him to fall unconscious not long after. Chapter 581: Four Pillars: Unintentional "Mngh…" Feeling like a considerable amount of time had passed since he fell unconscious, it took a while for Valyr's consciousness to rouse from slumber. Gradually sensing the great changes to his body brought about by the ascension, it took a while for the young man to finally come to. Though, once the young man opened his eyes as he sat upright, he was greeted by the sight of the other four, with most of them looking at him with slight frowns on their faces. Tilting his head in slight confusion, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he thought about multiple possibilities. "Was I the last to awaken?" "You were," Faulus responded in a solemn tone, his gaze focused on Valyr's every movement. "How much time has passed since we all went through our ascensions?" asked Valyr not long after. In response, Vera replied, "According to the others, it's been about a day and a half since then." At those words, Valyr briefly sucked in a breath of cold air. After all, with the time difference that existed between the inheritance and the outside world, that meant three weeks had passed in the outside world while he was unconscious. Nevertheless, such a feeling gradually disappeared as he had a strong feeling those in the outside world expected them to take far longer than three weeks, considering that the Four Pillars' Inheritance had already been opened many times in the past. "So, what's made everyone gather around me?" Though he felt like the reason most of the four were frowning at him since he had taken the longest to wake up from the ascension, Valyr also had a feeling that something else about him was the cause. Fortunately, the young man quickly obtained his answer as Hal let out a low sigh. "When were you going to tell us you were using a disguise skill all this time?" 'Darn it.' At those words, Valyr knew that he had messed up, even though he had no intentions of doing so. Pondering over the possible things he could do to fix the situation, the young man was reminded of his forced ascension to Rank 2, wherein his disguise skill had been disabled due to him falling unconscious. Though, unlike the current situation, Wells had already seen his true identity. Seeing that the atmosphere around them had become awkward amidst the silence, Faulus spoke up. "Who are you, really? Are you really the Ylvar we know?" Letting out a low sigh, Valyr nodded. "I am. I was the one you guys interacted with during the tournament." "Though, as to why I've been hiding my true identity all this time…" As these words came out of his mouth, the young man made up his mind to come clean to the others, trusting in his gut instinct that the others won't betray him. "Have you heard of the name Valyr Zeihardt before?" "Isn't that the name of that one member the entire Zeihardt clan has been searching the whole continent over?" Faulus nodded in response, answering in a straightforward manner. Thankfully, even though the others had realized what Valyr meant by his words before him, it did not take long for him to realize either, looking at the young man with disbelief. "Wait… you're Valyr Zeihardt?" Valyr nodded with a bitter smile. "That would be me, indeed." "In fact, our last-minute guest Vera here also knows of my true identity," added the young man soon after, prompting the three to look at the only one among them that did not react that greatly. "It's a long story…" Glaring at Valyr for a bit, Vera began to talk about how the two of them had met each other back at Astarto Village. Then, after she was done telling her side of the story, the young man gave the others a bit more information as to why he was in hiding, such as the fact that one faction of the Zeihardt clan was hellbent on finding him. Naturally, he did not tell the four information that they did not need to know, such as him being a Herald. Or, after finding out from Mystia, a Harbinger. "I'm going to take a while to get used to your true identity…" By the time Valyr was finished explaining the entire situation to the three, Faulus, Hal, and Loreina looked at each other in silence. However, after a while, Faulus eventually spoke up, looking at Valyr with a low sigh. "Then again, that does not change the fact that you've been lying to us." "I do admit that I'm in the wrong for that since we'll be exploring the inheritance as a group." Valyr nodded in agreement as he apologized to the three. "After all, if there's one thing that's incredibly important in exploring places like these as a group, that would be the trust each person has for one another." "However, all of the skills I've shown you during the tournament are all real. I'm still a blacksmith through and through," continued the young man. "I seriously hope this does not deter us from working together throughout this journey." "Well, you did have to hide your identity for a good reason." Surprisingly, Hal was the first one to accept Valyr's apology. "The fact that you did not hesitate in admitting your wrongdoings just reinforces my belief that you're better suited to lead this group than I am." "Though, I would definitely like to have a rematch with you someday." At these words, Hal let out a chuckle, to which Valyr smiled in response before chuckling as well. "I'd have to agree with Hal on that one." Loreina nodded in agreement. "Then again, I have a feeling you wouldn't have told us about your true identity if it came down to it." Valyr nodded in response. "The less people know, the better." "Right." Loreina nodded back. "However, even if it was unintentional, you still showed no hesitation in telling us what we needed to know. That alone has earned my respect." Seeing that the other two had accepted the situation for what it was, Faulus was left with no choice but to accept the situation as well. "Ah, whatever! We'll only be spending more time here if we mull over this problem for longer anyway." "But you better teach me a thing or two on how to fight properly…" Unexpectedly, after shouting out his first couple statements, the young man's voice turned meek as he looked at Valyr while twiddling his thumbs. "I will." Seeing Faulus' expression, Valyr let out a bit of laughter, glad that his true identity did not affect the bond the four had made during the tournament too much. With that, he looked at Vera, who looked back at him with a smile and a nod. Nodding back at Vera, Valyr took in a deep breath before standing up, gazing at the vast landscape in front of them. "Alright." "Let's start planning out what we need to do." Chapter 582: Four Pillars: Reconnaissance "First off, does anyone have a reconnaissance skill they could use to check out the entire landscape?" Briefly glancing at the sky above them, Valyr turned around to look at the four and ask this question. "What kind of information do you need?" Raising his hand, Hal stepped forward as he offered his help. "Just the landscape in general? Or something else?" "The landscape and the general type of enemies we might come across." At these words, Valyr turned to look back at the landscape as he pushed his perception to the limit. Thanks to some of his skills and titles boosting his PER stat to a great degree, he was barely able to see a considerable number of entities roaming around the ruined city. "[Hunter's Tracking Eyes]." Seeing as Hal nodded in response to his words, the young man went ahead and activated the skill he felt would be incredibly useful in their current situation, deciding not to deactivate it for the entirety of the inheritance lest they get ambushed. Whoosh! In less than an instant, the entire landscape before them had taken on a different view within Valyr's vision, with most of the city ruins dotted with small black circles. Knowing that each small black circle in his vision corresponded to an enemy, the young man was gradually able to separate the entire ruins by section, organizing each section by the number of enemies that lingered there. "How's it looking, Hal?" Feeling like he had gained enough information regarding the city ruins through his vision, Valyr looked at the man that stood beside him. In response to the question, Hal continued to stay rooted in his spot for a bit longer, only looking at the young man with a nod after a couple more minutes had passed. "I think I have a general idea of the landscape now." "Alright." Nodding back in response, Valyr suggested he and Hal discuss their findings regarding the inheritance's landscape, to which the latter agreed. Returning to the other three, the two began to talk about what they've discovered through their respective reconnaissance skills, slowly organizing the entire inheritance into a map that allowed them to plan out their next actions. … "So, we have six sections in total." After an hour or so of continuous discussion between them, the five were able to finalize the map each of them would follow. "Between where we're standing and the city ruins is considered the plains. There aren't a lot of enemies in this area, so this would be a great place to get used to combat before heading in deeper." "After that would be the four quadrants, which we'll be splitting to north, south, east, and west," continued Valyr while the others were listening attentively. "Compared to the plains, there are at least thrice as many enemies in those areas. In these areas, I'd suggest we split up the group into one pair and one trio to maximize our coverage while keeping each other safe from being ambushed." Seeing as everyone could still follow his words, Valyr proceeded onto his explanation of the final section. "The last section would be the center of the city ruins, where the number of enemies there are thrice as many as the enemies found in the four quadrants. Once we're there, it goes without saying that the entire group will have to stick together no matter what." "To add more information to the sections, the strength of the enemies in the plains range from the early to middle levels of Rank 3." With Valyr done with his explanation of the map, it was Hal's turn to talk. "As for those in the four quadrants surrounding the center, the weakest among them are in the middle levels of Rank 3, while the strongest among them are at the early levels of Rank 4." "From what I could gather through my skill, a couple of beings have comprehended an Intent Seed of some sort in each quadrant," added Hal, causing slightly grim expressions to appear on some of the others' faces. "Fortunately, the feeling of an Intent Seed is pretty obvious, so it's easy to avoid." "Lastly, the enemies we'll face in the center have strengths ranging from the middle levels to the peak of Rank 4." At these words, Faulus sucked in a breath of cold air. With the last-minute training he had done before the inheritance, he was confident enough that he'd be able to defeat beings at the peak of Rank 3 without a problem, even those at the early levels of Rank 4 if he pushed himself. However, he had none of that confidence when talking about beings that went beyond that strength. After all, at that level, it was incredibly common for those beings to have comprehended their Intent Seeds. Sadly, just as he was wishing to the heavens for the worst of his expectations to not happen, Hal's next words would realize just that. "In that area, almost all of the enemies we'll come across would have comprehended their Intent Seeds to the first stage," said Hal. "Some of them have even comprehended their Intent Seeds to the second and third stage." "Fortunately, none of the enemies have comprehended a full Intent yet. As long as we remain vigilant and use our strengths to the fullest, we'll be able to explore the entirety of
