being removed off his shoulders, prompting him to let out a long, drawn-out sigh after a bit of silence. "I… kind of needed to hear that. Thank you." "You know… I feel like this conversation has made me gotten over the fact you've been hiding under another identity all this time." As Faulus let out a chuckle at his words, Valyr felt the exact opposite, not knowing what to say in response to such a massive shift in topic. Fortunately, he did not have dwell on the matter too long as the man changed it not long after. "Ah, right. Did you get your hands on one of my concoctions from the auction?" asked Faulus with a slightly interested expression. "Then again, I did put a unique flair to them that only I can recognize. Since I sensed it, then that can only mean you did." "I got my hands on a vial of Might." Valyr nodded in response, only to raise his eyebrow in curiosity soon after. "Why the question?" "Well… I was actually planning to give all of you vials of Might after all of us ascended to our current rank," responded Faulus, wryly smiling. "But you know… worrying about what I could do and whatnot." "Think of it as my way of helping out like how you upgraded all of our equipment," continued the man. Seeing as Valyr was now looking at him with an expectant expression, a faint chuckle briefly escaped Faulus' mouth as he grabbed a total of five vials from his spatial bracelet. Two of them seemed to contain the same viscous fluid that Valyr's vial had earlier, while the remaining three contained a viscous fluid that was of a contrasting color to the two. "It doesn't really beat getting one's hands on some Reinforcement Elixir, but it does still give out a considerable boost in attributes." Giving the five vials to Valyr, Faulus began to explain what the vials were with a smile. "The first two vials are what you think they are, while the last three vials are actually the magical counterpart to Might, which I've decided to call Acuity." "Also, the system has limited anyone who taken either Might or Acuity to three vials each at most," he continued, faintly shrugging his shoulders. "Whether it's due to my lack of skills or the fact that the materials I've chosen aren't potent enough, I have no clue." "How about the others?" Thanking Faulus for the sudden gift, Valyr looked at him as a thought popped up in his mind. "I'll give it to them later," replied Faulus with a slight chuckle. "Most of them seem to be engrossed in something, so I'll only disturb them before we depart for the plains." "Anyways, thank you again for that wake-up call, Valyr." Seeing as his reasons to enter the young man's tent was resolved, Faulus thought that it was his due time to leave. "Oh, and also… is my earlier offer still up?" "I'll teach you more about it once we head to the plains." Letting out a peal of laughter as he decided to see Faulus off, Valyr returned to his tent and consumed the five vials Faulus had given him without hesitation. Feeling a slight surge in strength coursing throughout his body, he waited for the feeling to die down before taking a look at his notifications. "15 points in almost every stat… not bad." Nodding at his gains in satisfaction, the young man went ahead and stored all of the empty vials into his spatial bracelet before bringing out the Outer Realm Scripture from earlier. "Hopefully, no one disturbs me this time." Chapter 589: Four Pillars: A Peculiar Scripture 'I don't want to go through that ever again.' Doing a few light stretches as he got out of his tent, a relieved expression flitted across Valyr's face as he took a look at the sun up above in the sky. As he could not rest properly last night, he decided to make the most out of the time he had by learning a skill he should have probably learned in the first place. The Outer Realm Scripture. … At first, the process of obtaining the Outer Realm Scripture was more or less similar to any other skill he had comprehended, which was to absorb the skill book and allow it to inundate his memory with information. However, just as he was expecting the archaic-looking book he was holding to disappear, the archaic-looking book instead remained where it was as the information that entered in his mind slightly left him speechless. 'Only true comprehension can allow one to proceed through the scripture.' With this information continuing to linger in his mind as he tried learning the skill a few more times, only after repeating the process 10 times did the young man finally take heed of the message, opening the book as he began to read through its pages. From the information he had gotten from the auction and the information he had from his past life, Valyr was expecting to see lines upon lines of undecipherable text all over the pages, thinking that he would have to decipher the text before being able to comprehend it. Fortunately, even though that was indeed the case, the young man surprised to find out that he could understand what the text meant, gradually beginning to read it in earnest. "The body is a vessel, a container of one's power. Only with the vessel strengthened could one showcase abilities beyond the comprehensible." As he began to mutter a couple of lines of text here and there, Valyr gradually fell into a trance, feeling as if a world far greater than he had imagined was opened in front of him. With every line he read, the young man felt like there were over hundreds of ways to interpret it, all of which would eventually lead him down towards the sole path the book wanted him to take. Thankfully, only a couple of hours had passed by the time he was finished reading the book, returning back to normal after a few minutes of silence. "I see." Taking in a deep breath as he glanced at the archaic-looking book one last time, Valyr stored the book back into his spatial bracelet before sitting cross-legged. Closing his eyes, he let out a long and drawn-out sigh as he began to pull out mana from within him. "This is definitely a peculiar skill." "Then again, I have a feeling this won't be the last one." Releasing all of the mana that was in his body, the young man went ahead and condensed all of the mana into a series of threads. Then, after sensing that the threads were condensed enough, he willed all of them to head straight towards his body, striking certain parts as he let out a muffled groan. "Grr…" Though the pain he felt from them gradually increased the more time passed, Valyr composed himself as he soon began to move all of the mana threads at once across his body. Unsurprisingly, a great wave of pain assaulted his senses due to his actions, yet he persevered, feeling a bit of blood oozing out of the paths the threads were making. Naturally, the paths Valyr was carving on his skin came from reading the Outer Realm Scripture, which comprised of the first three levels due to it being the first volume. Though the reaching the third level of the scripture would only give him a 5% boost to his physical stats at most, the three levels laid a solid foundation for the second and third volume. In fact, it even hinted in a few of its pages that learning the two other scriptures would become considerably easier with the Outer Realm Scripture comprehended. By the time the young man was finished carving out all of the paths across his body, the moon was only an hour and a half away from setting into the horizon. Taking in a few deep breaths, the young man wryly smiled as he noticed that his mana had only recovered to a quarter of its original capacity after all this time. It did not help out that the paths he had carved were absorbing some mana from the atmosphere as well. 'If it's already this bad after five of us had ascended to Rank 3, how bad would it have been if we hadn't.' Inwardly letting out an amused sigh at the thought, Valyr went ahead and grabbed a few mana potions from his spatial bracelet, downing them in mere moments. To no surprise, his mana reserves had returned to peak condition after that, with the extra mana remaining from the potions even going towards the paths he had carved. Whoosh! With the paths radiating a faint cyan light, the young man looked as if he had gotten tattoos all over his body. Fortunately, the light from these paths gradually dimmed down, making it seem like nothing had happened to the young man in the first place. Ding! [You have upgraded the skill 'Outer Realm Scripture' to the 1st Stage.] However, with the faint increase in strength he could feel coursing through his body, he knew very well that he had set himself on a path that would give him a great amount of power. … "Our plan for today is to head to the plains and set up camp there." Seeing as everyone had not gotten a wink of sleep last night, Valyr went straight to the point on their agendas for the day, giving others the opportunity to rouse their consciousness while they were chowing down on their respective breakfasts. Having learned a passive skill related to cooking in preparation for the inheritance, Valyr made great use of it during this time, which prompted a couple among the other four to look at him with surprise. One of those surprised was Loreina, who already thought to herself that she was going to be doing most of the cooking during their exploration. "To make sure all of us would be able to explore this place unscathed, we'll be heading down there in a specific formation," said Valyr. "Hal and I would act as vanguard, while Faulus and Vera would be at the rear. Loreina would be in the middle, providing support to the side that needs it more." . "Hal, is it fine if you take another look at our path ahead?" As everyone nodded in response to Valyr's plan, the latter shifted his attention towards Hal. Seeing as he was the only other person in their group that had a reconnaissance skill, Hal could only acquiesce as he put his remaining breakfast to the side before taking a look at the plains. However, not even a minute after taking a look through his skill, Hal turned to look at Valyr with a grim expression. "I think you need to see this." "Hmm?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity, Valyr shifted his gaze towards the plains with [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] activated to its very limits. It did not take long for him to figure out what Hal wanted to see, letting out a long sigh as he turned around to look back at the others with a grim expression. "Everyone…" "Change of plans." Chapter 590: Four Pillars: Worst Fears "What's wrong?" Noticing that both Hal and Valyr's expressions had turned grim at their discovery, the three were incredibly curious as to what the two had discovered. "Well, it's something that might probably affect the entirety of our journey throughout the inheritance." Returning his attention to his breakfast for a bit, Valyr vividly recalled what he had just seen through the vision granted by [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], ignoring the slight fear and concern creeping up onto the other's faces. For a short while, the entire landscape making up the inheritance did not show any sort of difference under his vision, prompting him to look at Hal for a bit after he was called. However, knowing that the man was not someone who pulled pranks in serious situations, he proceeded to continue looking with the skill activated, eventually noticing what the man had probably wanted him to see. From the few times Valyr had used [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] in combat, he was somewhat certain that any being in front of him would have a corresponding pitch-black circle that denoted their weak spot. Whether they may be of a lower rank or of a higher rank, both would show up in front of his vision… Though there existed a couple of differences. For one, the size of the circle within his vision grew smaller the higher the rank of the being was. Though Valyr did not know why that was the case at first, he now had a feeling it had something to do with how quick he would be able to defeat the being he was looking at. After all, with greater strength, more possibilities to capitalize on weak spots arose. Aside from that, he also noticed that it generally took longer for him to find weak spots on higher-ranked beings or beings of higher strength through the skill. Of course, with how weak spots became easier to exploit if his strength grew greater, then the opposite would naturally apply. With those differences in mind, the young man realized that the pitch-black circles denoting every enemy they would come across in the inheritance had gotten considerably smaller, taking quite some time for them to appear. In fact, with his vision focused on the center of the city ruins, some of the pitch-black circles had even disappeared, causing him to briefly shudder as he had a foreboding feeling. "If Hal and I aren't mistaken…" Letting out a low sigh as he took a few bites of his remaining breakfast, Valyr looked at the others with a calm expression. "It seems that the enemies we'll be facing had grown stronger after our ascensions." "What?!" Naturally, such information struck down on the minds of the other three like a heavy hammer. After all, none of them had expected the inheritance to have a mechanic such as this. "The two of us will check out the entire thing again after this." Though he had an idea as to why the enemies had grown stronger, Valyr put it aside for the meantime. "For now, focus on your food, clean up camp, and wait for our words." At those words, the other three could only nod and inwardly let out a sigh. Thoughts related to the words Valyr had uttered began to linger in their minds after that, though one quickly became prevalent only a few minutes after they had finished their breakfasts. 'Guess this inheritance doesn't want us to have an easy time in the first place.' … "So, what's the verdict?" After everyone had finished eating their breakfast, Hal and Valyr returned to where they had done their reconnaissance yesterday, looking over everything once more with an inquisitive gaze. In the meantime, the other three began to clean up by storing the items into their spatial bracelets, readying themselves for the journey as they looked at the other two with a hint of worry. Seeing as both Hal and Valyr walked back to where they were waiting with a somber expression, it was no surprise to the three that their worst fears had been realized. Steeling their minds for the onslaught that they would have to face to explore the inheritance, Loreina decided to speak up for the three to find out more about the current situation from Valyr and Hal. "I'm somewhat regretting the fact that we listened to Elder Faulerei's words." As the two of them looked at the three with a wry smile, Valyr began to speak. "Anyways, the two of us have confirmed that all of the enemies we'll be facing in this inheritance had gone up slightly above one rank in terms of power." "Those roaming around the plains now have strengths varying from the middle levels of Rank 4 to the late levels of Rank 4," said Hal as he continued where Valyr left off. "On the other hand, the weakest in the four quadrants are in the peak levels of Rank 4, while the strongest among them are at the middle levels of Rank 5." "Regarding Intents, almost all of them have comprehended an Intent Seed, though whether or not they'd reached the second stage or culmination stage is something my skill could not detect." Scratching the back of his head, Hal heaved out a low sigh at these words. "As for the strongest ones in the quadrants, though I didn't really want to say this, all of them have comprehended a full Intent, their grades unknown to the five of us." Unsurprisingly, the dread the others were feeling from Valyr's words at first only became worse when Hal took over the explanation of their current situation. With how almost every person wanted to obtain an Intent the very moment they gained the capabilities to do so, it was no surprise that everyone in their group knew how much of an increase in difficulty fighting against enemies with Intent was. Though, with the existence of grades among Intents, that increase could either range from a substantial increase to an increase that even the most talented would have a difficulty surmounting. Similar to how the four phases of an Intent Seed worked, each grade of Intent allowed one's connection with the world to become stronger, increasing the amount of strength they could wield. . However, unlike the four phases, Intent was separated into nine grades. The weakest grade of Intent one could obtain was 9th Grade Intent, while the strongest grade was 1st Grade Intent. Nevertheless, even gaining comprehension of 9th Grade Intent was enough to substantially increase one's strength in the battlefield, with those having 1st Grade Intent akin to becoming gods of destruction. "Lastly, the center of the city ruins houses enemies that have strengths ranging from the middle levels to the peak of Rank 5." Giving the others time to digest the information they had received, it was only after a couple of minutes did Hal drop the information almost everyone among them dreaded to hear. However, as the young man continued his explanation, they soon found out that it was only the beginning. "From what my reconnaissance skill has sensed, the strongest among them has comprehended the concepts of a Force," said Hal. "However, according to Valyr's skill, some of the enemies have already broken through the shackles of Rank 5." "So, we're up against a Myth, huh?" After giving Valyr and Hal the opportunity to explain their current situation, Faulus went ahead and aired out his grievances. "How great. How freaking great." "I guess Elder Faulerei wanted us to lead ourselves to death by having all of us ascend to Rank 3," said Faulus not long after, prompting the others to look at him as they had similar thoughts in mind. With what they found out from the two, their current problems all stemmed from the fact that they had followed Elder Faulerei's reminder to ascend to the next rank. However, after mulling over it for a bit, Valyr felt like he now understood why the man did it. "That might not be the case." "Hmm?" At those words, the other four looked at the young man with curiosity, with Faulus raising his eyebrow in slight doubt. "With how his reminder caused the difficulty of our journey to spike, you really don't think that elder has some malicious intent?" "I feel like his reminder came from the right place, but from the wrong perspective," replying to Faulus' question, Valyr began to explain his thought process. "From what I know about the inheritance, the amount we can explore in the inheritance depends on the quality of our classes. With that, I've heard that we are the first group to have probably unlocked the entire inheritance, considering that all of us have classes at Mythic grade." Hearing his words, everyone slightly nodded in response, though Vera seemed to blank out for a bit before doing so. "Now, think about it. You're a group that's entered the inheritance, but the locations you can explore only extend to… let's say the plains at best," continued the young man. "Armed with the reminders Elder Faulerei gave you, your entire group decided to ascend to the next rank like we did." Fortunately, around that point, almost everyone understood what Valyr was trying to say. "So, you're saying he didn't warn us about the increase in difficulty from the ascension since he thinks we're more than capable of clearing it?" asked Faulus after thinking about it for a bit. "I think so." Valyr nodded. "Surmounting the gap between ranks is difficult, but not hard to do, especially for someone like us." "I guess he just forgot to account that we'd be exploring the entire inheritance and not only a small part of it." Valyr wryly smiled. "I still feel like he has malicious intent, but I guess it'll be better if we followed your thought process in the long run." Shrugging his shoulders, Faulus decided to move the topic forward. "Anyways, what now?" "Well, what else would we be doing?" In response, Valyr let out a wry chuckle. "With none of us knowing how to leave the inheritance…" "We can only move forward." Chapter 591: Four Pillars: Aberration After talking a bit more about their plans regarding their journey deeper into the heart of the inheritance, the group eventually began their trek towards the plains, following the formation that Valyr had suggested to them earlier. With both of them having reconnaissance skills, as well as the fact that they were most experienced when it came to combat, Hal and Valyr formed the vanguard of the group, taking a look at their surroundings to see if there were any enemies nearby. As this would be their first time fighting against the denizens of the inheritance, they actively searched for an enemy that looked to
