another with slight confusion. In their minds, they wondered what made the man seek out for them. Fortunately, as if he knew the reason for their confusion, the attendant continued to speak. "He mentioned that he has something to give to the prodigious blacksmith, as well as talk a bit about something with the Blacksmith Guild's leader." "Is that so?" Seeing as the reason seemed to be giving Valyr more gifts in preparation for the inheritance, Julian scratched his head before eventually nodding as he looked at the young man behind him, who nodded as well. "Lead the way, then." … "Julian! It's been a while!" As the two followed the attendant from behind, Julian and Valyr eventually arrived at what seemed to be Sirius' private office, meeting the man in question while he was looking out the window. "I definitely wasn't expecting you to send an attendant to us, Sirius." With Sirius approaching him with an embrace, Julian decided to reciprocate it back while asking the question he had in mind. "Well, I have my own reasons for contacting you, Julian," said Sirius in response with a chuckle, releasing himself from the embrace. "After all, we agreed that you would get a small cut from organizing this auction in the first place, right?" "Ah… I think I did mention that yesterday." Mulling over his words for a bit, Julian eventually nodded, recalling the statement the man had brought up. "Then again, we could've just done that tomorrow, no?" "True. True." Sirius nodded, letting out a bit of laughter once more as he shifted his gaze towards Valyr. "However, I always aim to make my actions as efficient as possible." "You're Ylvar, yes?" asked the man, leaving Valyr with no choice but to nod. "I've heard quite a lot of things about you from many people these past few days," said the man with a soft smile as he made his way towards one of the large drawers in his office, rummaging something out. "They say you're the greatest prodigy the Blacksmith Guild has seen in these past couple of decades. The fact that you forged an artifact only solidifies that belief." "In any case, the reason why I had the two of you come here was because of you, Ylvar." Finding the item he wanted to get, Sirius walked in front of Valyr, looking at the latter with the same soft smile. "Or more specifically, what someone had tasked me to do involving you." "Here you go, Ylvar." … … … "Mystia told me to give you this." Chapter 540: Talking With Mystia "Eh?" While Valyr listened to the words Sirius had spoken to him, a dumbfounded expression appeared on his face once he heard the latter mention the name Mystia. Though he had a hunch earlier that the final item of the auction had something to do with him in some way, he did not expect the idea to actually have a bit of truth to it. With his mind still surprised by the idea being partly true, the young man decided to ask the man in front of him for more information. "Did she tell you as to why you're giving it to me?" Valyr looked at Sirius with a slightly hopeful expression, inwardly wishing that the man would give him greater insight into the situation. Fortunately, what he got instead was far better than that. "She did not," replied Sirius with a shake of his head. Though, not long after, a faint grin adorned his face. "However, the messenger she tasked to bring the items to me told me that she expected you to have a question like that. Thus, among the items that had been given to me, one of them could be used to ask the Imperial Alchemist herself directly." "I see." At those words, it was only then did Valyr look at the items Sirius had grabbed from the drawer earlier, which totaled a number of three. The first item on the man's hands looked to be a vial filled with viscous purple liquid, which gave the young man a slightly uncomfortable feeling. On the other hand, the second item looked like a crystal that seemed to be filled to the limit with pure mana. Focusing more of his attention to it, he eventually sensed that a small part of the mana was being released in a certain direction. 'I guess this is the item she gave me to contact her,' thought Valyr to himself, moving onto the third and final item Mystia wished to give him. Though, unlike the first two items, which were somewhat unfamiliar to him, the third item was something he had already seen earlier. "A Nascent Rebirth Pill?" muttered the young man in slight surprise, sensing that the feeling it gave off was considerably stronger than the one being emanated from the pill from earlier. Scratching the back of his head as he now felt even more confusion towards the current situation, Valyr turned to look at Julian, thinking that the man might have something to do with this. Yet, just like him, a surprised expression was plastered on the man's face as he stared at the Nascent Rebirth Pill Sirius was holding. With the man looking at him with widened eyes, it was more than apparent to Valyr that Julian had nothing to do with the matter at hand. "I… I don't really know what to say." With the solution to figure out what was going on already more than obvious at this point, Valyr received all three items from Sirius with an awkward smile. "Thank you… I guess?" "I am merely a messenger for Miss Mystia." Hearing Valyr's words of gratitude, Sirius let out a brief chuckle. "If anything, you should thank her directly through one of the items I've given you." "I'll definitely make sure to do so." Valyr nodded in response, wondering if he should leave Julian with Sirius to check on the items. "Ah. I'll have an attendant lead you to an empty private room, if you want." Fortunately, Sirius had saved him the trouble of having to make a decision, giving the young man a suggestion. "From the looks of it, you're quite eager to take a look at the items in greater detail." "I would prefer that, thank you." Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief, Valyr allowed Sirius to call one of his attendants to have him be led to a private room, eventually leaving Julian alone with Sirius. "So, is there any other reason as to why you had me come here, Sirius?" Hearing a notification sound resound in his mind, it did not take long for Julian to know where the notification had come from, throwing a question at Sirius with a solemn expression. "The fact that I wanted to give you the cut you'd get from this auction is true." Having done the task given to him, Sirius' body language greatly relaxed, making his way behind his desk to take a seat. "Then again, you're not wrong in the sense that I have something else to talk with you about." Taking a brief look at some of the documents on his desk, Sirius looked back at Julian with a faint knowing smile. "It partly involves the future of humanity, after all." "Are you serious?" At those words, Julian frowned. "Yes, I am." In response, Sirius remained smiling. Faintly scratching the back of his head, Julian took in a deep breath as to what kind of topic Sirius would talk about. Pondering over it for a bit, the most likely topics that came to his mind were the orc outbreak and the issue regarding entirety of the Zeihardt clan searching for Valyr's whereabouts. However, the topic Sirius brought up instead was neither of those. "How long have you known Ylvar?" Sirius asked, briefly leaving Julian at a slight loss for words as he did not expect to answer such a question. "It's been a couple of years already, I think." Then again, it did not take long for him to regain his composure, somewhat gaining an idea as to what the man before him was going to discuss. If his hunch was correct, then… "Is that so, Julian Pyrrhia?" In response to Julian's answer, Sirius merely raised an eyebrow. "Have you really known Ylvar for a couple of years already?" "Just cut to the chase already." At those words, Julian let out a low sigh. "We don't have all day." "So, you do have an idea, huh." Sirius nodded, making Julian feel somewhat curious. "About what?" "That Ylvar might not be the person you think of him to be." … "Thank you." After being led to one of the most secluded rooms Valyr had seen in his current life thus far, the young man thanked the attendant that had led to this place before waiting for a couple of minutes to make sure that the attendant had truly left. Once he checked one more time that his current surroundings was clear of people, he then cast a barrier of mana around himself. After that, he infused the barrier with Shadow Energy to truly make sure that any words he said would not be picked up by anything that could possibly be in the room. Feeling that he had now made all of the necessary preparations to proceed, the young man then took a seat on the floor before grabbing the crystal filled to the brim with mana. Gazing at it for a bit while briefly scratching his head, the idea on how to use the crystal eventually popped into the young man's mind, prompting him to infuse it with a bit of his own mana. Swoosh! In less than an instant, a ray of energy shot out of the crystal, piercing through the barrier he had made without any difficulty. After a while, the feeling he had sensed from the crystal earlier gradually grew stronger, eventually reaching a point where this feeling solidified, causing the crystal to let out a brief burst of light. After that… "Hello?" Letting go of the crystal due to the burst of light, Valyr gazed at the crystal that remained floating in midair, only to snap back to reality once he heard a familiar voice coming from the crystal. "Hello?" asked Valyr back. "Is this Miss Mystia Aschel?" "That would be me, indeed," said the voice in response, letting out a faint chuckle. "I suppose I should be talking to Ylvar at the moment, no?" "Or… would you prefer me to call you Valyr instead?" "Any is fine," replied Valyr, briefly shrugging his shoulders in the process. "So, why have you contacted me, Valyr?" asked Mystia, her tone somewhat melodious. "Is it because you have a few questions you want to ask me? Or is it because you want to thank me and ask me what the items I gave you were?" "I definitely want to ask you the second question at some point, but…" Conflicted at which question among the two he should choose first, Valyr eventually decided to go with the one he initially wanted to ask her. "Why have you given me these items, Miss Mystia?" At these words, Valyr let out a soft sigh, thinking about how the entire situation did not make a lot of sense. "I don't really know you that well. Plus, the one time we've only met was after the forging duel in the Blacksmith Guild." "The only notable conversation we had between each other was back in Astarto Village when you helped Vera while she was concocting the Basic Reinforcement Elixir," he continued. . "With that in mind, why have you gone out of your way to give me these items, even though I don't have any sort of connection with you? Is it because I'm a Herald of the Zeihardt clan?" "While the fact about you being a Herald is part of the reason behind it, it is only a small portion." Pondering over the question for a bit, Mystia's voice soon resounded from the crystal after some time. "You know me as Vera's mentor, as well as the Imperial Alchemist of the Meltierre Empire, considering the Blacksmith Guild's leader had mentioned it in front of you during the forging duel." "However, aside from being the empire's Imperial Alchemist, I'm also one of the empire's imperial advisers, having a subclass that allows me to peer into the future through divination." "With that, as an imperial adviser, I would just like to say, Valyr…" "That the future of humanity… no." "The future of Veldanyr itself will depend on the actions you make in the future." Chapter 541: Showing Proof "…" Out of all the things Valyr was expecting Mystia to say as a reason for her interest towards him, his actions greatly affecting the future of the world was definitely not something he had taken into consideration. In his mind, he thought that the woman had taken an interest in him due to him being related to the Zeihardt clan, specifically the one everyone in the clan wanted to find. If it wasn't that, then it might be because he had interacted with her apprentice in the past and was curious as to what kind of background he had to be knowledgeable about Reinforcement Elixirs. inna.o Nope. None of the possibilities he had come up with were the reason. Though, pondering over it for a bit more, the possible reason about him being part of the Zeihardt clan was somewhat related to the response Mystia had given him. After all, as a Herald, he could command a level of strength that surpassed normal people. Add on the fact that his main class was Mythic grade, then it would be no surprise for someone like Mystia to come to that kind of conclusion. However, being told that his actions would have a great effect on the world in the future was still too sudden for him. If anything, the young man had an inclination to doubt the woman's words, due to how sudden it was. "How could you be so sure that I have the capability to change the future, Miss Mystia?" Still skeptical, Valyr decided to ask her a question, hoping that the latter could shed some more light on her words. "Well…" At those words, Mystia went silent for a bit, staring at the orb she was using to communicate with Valyr. After a while, a bitter smile crept up on her lips, realizing that the young man had every right to doubt her words. "How do I go about proving this…?" Scratching the back of his head as he wracked her brain for an answer, a thought eventually popped into the woman's mind, smiling as she regained her confidence. "I mentioned earlier that I'm one of the empire's imperial advisors, right?" Clearing her throat to catch his attention, Mystia asked Valyr a question. "Yes?" Though he nodded in response, the young man was confused as to where she was going with her words. "And I mentioned earlier that I have a subclass that allows me to see the future, right?" "Yes, what about it?" "How about I predict something that's going to happen in the near future in order for you to at least listen to my words for a bit?" Hearing these words come from the crystal, a doubtful expression appeared on the young man's face, thinking about the possibility of ending the conversation then and there. "Alright." However, in the end, he decided to see what Mystia could do and what she wanted to tell him, considering that she had given him items that all looked to be quite useful to him. "Thank goodness." Letting out an audible sigh of relief, Mystia's faint chuckle could be heard from the crystal, the sound of energy clashing with one another resounding from the crystal not long after. Then, after a period of silence, Mystia's voice resounded from the crystal once more. "Within the next minute, a friend of yours would send you a message, thanking you for something." Nodding in response to those words, Valyr pondered in silence as to who among the people in his friend list would send such a message. Ding! Hearing the notification sound resound in his mind, the young man swiftly brought up his notification screen, his eyes widening once he had confirmed that it had come from the chat function. Then, opening up the chat function, his eyes widened even further once he found out that the person who had sent a message was Arcenne, thanking him for paying the debt he owed her back in Clossbay City. "Huh." Closing the chat function, Valyr felt dumbfounded for quite a while, wondering whether Mystia had just made a wild guess, or whether she had indeed predicted the message to be sent. Though, after thinking about it for a bit, he eventually believed that she had predicted it, considering the fact that he and Julian had only talked about him paying off his debt to her before the auction… As well as the fact that she was still in the Meltierre Empire, recalling part of her conversation with Julian after the forging duel. "Alright." Letting out a long sigh as he processed this newfound knowledge, Valyr eventually continued his conversation with Mystia. "Let's say you do have the power to see into the future, Miss Mystia. Once again, how can you be so sure that my actions would change the future of the world? Isn't the future determined by the actions of multiple people? Not just mine?" "You are correct in that assumption," said Mystia in response. "A great portion of the future is incredibly hazy because of that, turning my subclass into something that's next to useless." "However, there are times when looking into the future shows me a clear path." "Yours is one of them, Valyr. Whatever you do in the near future, all of it will still lead you to changing the future of the world." At those words, the young man slightly frowned. Though he had already accepted the fact that he would be changing a ton of things about the storyline he knew very well from his past life, especially with two world-changing quests under his belt, it still felt weird for him to hear from someone else that what he was doing was truly changing the future. After all, with everything said and done, he was still inside a game. Doesn't something like that already transcend the boundaries of one? "Will my actions change the future for the better, or for worse?" Nevertheless, he decided to ignore these small details for now, asking Mystia a question that seemed to be related to the quests he had. "That… I unfortunately do not know." Unfortunately, Mystia could not give him a definite answer. "All I know is that the scope of your actions will change the future of the world no matter what." "What makes you say that, though?" Letting out a sigh after hearing her response, Valyr decided to move onto another topic. "Sure, I may be a Herald, so I'll eventually become stronger than most people. However, I'm still at the peak of Rank 2." "All I'll say is that your strength will far exceed your initial expectations, Valyr," said Mystia in response. "Even the identity of a Herald will be nothing in front of your strength in the end." "After all, you're not really a Herald." "You're a Harbinger, Valyr." Chapter 542: Harbinger Ding! [You have gained a piece of information regarding your true identity.] "I'm a what now?" As a notification sound resounded in his mind once more, Valyr's expression turned serious once he was finished reading through it. After all, obtaining a notification from the system meant that there was truth to the words Mystia had spoken. "You're a Harbinger." Mystia decided to repeat her earlier words. "You're a Herald of the Zeihardt clan, but you're also a Harbinger." "And what's the difference between the two?" asked Valyr in response, feeling like obtaining information would give him more insight into his true identity. "A lot," replied Mystia. "To be honest, if it were not for the fact that I usually read through the history of multiple clans as an imperial adviser, I probably wouldn't have even known of the existence of Harbingers." "I probably wouldn't have even sent items like these to you, either." "Well, moving that aside for now, what do you know about Heralds?" Hearing these words echo from the hovering crystal before him, the young man pondered over his response, recalling the information he had obtained from his visit to the Myriad Archive back then. "Heralds are those that have inherited a greater amount of the bloodline of the Zeihardt clan's ancestor, allowing them to tap into his abnormal power from the past," said Valyr once he was finished thinking about his words. "Because of that, they boast a greater amount of strength, allowing the Zeihardt clan to be known as the clan that many people fear today." . "A very textbook answer," Mystia could not help but say. "However, you're not wrong." "What you've mentioned are indeed what Heralds are," she continued. "Because of their abnormally high levels of strength, it is said that the birth of a Herald would cause a shift in the era of humanity, with the previous five Heralds having already done so to various degrees." "Though your strength hasn't matured yet, you have already caused a great shift in the era of humanity from your existence alone, considering how the Zeihardt clan had been split into two factions because of you. That makes you befitting of the title of Herald." "However, because you have already caused great changes to humanity even with your strength still not having reached its peak, it could be said that your strength in the future could possibly affect the future of the world itself, thus making you a Harbinger." "…what kind of logic is that?" Though the woman's words made sense to him, from another
