that if Jekyll decided to make a move on him at this instant, he would have no way to retaliate. "Do you see what I mean now?" Retracting his gaze from Valyr, Jekyll let out a bit of laughter, to which Valyr responded with a nod and awkward chuckle of his own. "I really thought I was going to die there," said Valyr, to which Jekyll nodded in agreement. "It's a type of side effect that comes alongside the eyes I use. Though, the intimidation it instills into enemies is generally a good thing." "Anyways..." Taking in a deep breath, Jekyll stood up from his chair and proceeded to head to a deeper part within the gambling den, beckoning for Valyr to follow him. "How about we change those eyes you have that's more suited for gambling..." "...to one that's more suited for hunting?" ... "Well, getting here took a bit longer than I thought." Eventually arriving at the place where he wanted to bring Valyr, Jekyll let out a low sigh of relief as he looked at the young man behind him. "Out of all the things I'd expected a gambling den to have, a training ground would definitely be one of the last things I'd expect." Gazing at the sight before them, Valyr was left at a slight loss for words. In terms of area, the training ground before them spanned at least ten times larger than the portion of the den that was dedicated for gambling. Normally, a gambling den covering such an area would stick out like a sore thumb in the streets of Anadhar City. Thus, Jekyll had the training ground be made underground. "Alright, let's begin the process of transforming those eyes of yours." Walking a bit into the gravel floor of the training ground, Jekyll made his way to a nearby weapon rack and grabbed a wooden staff. Getting a feel for its balance and weight, he then faintly nodded to himself before proceeding to do a series of basic movements with the staff. Naturally, this sight left Valyr watching with his mouth wide open, not expecting the man famed for his usage of the bow and arrow to be well-versed in the staff as well. "Huuu..." Letting out a drawn-out sigh as he held the staff horizontally, Jekyll then called for Valyr's attention as he began to instruct the young man on what to do. "For the first step of this transformation process, what you have to do..." Thwack! <subtxt>.</subtxt> "...is land a single hit on my body." Chapter 482: To Discern, To Discover, To Exploit "You've got to be joking." Taking in a deep breath, Valyr looked at the man before him in slight disbelief, the sight of Jekyll slamming the staff on himself at full strength unharmed bringing shivers to his body. Though his current level of strength would definitely cause quite a few people to turn their heads to look back at him, having the ability to fight against peak Rank 3 monsters, and even monsters at the early levels of Rank 4... That level of strength was nowhere near enough for him to surmount the gap that existed between him and Jekyll. At least... not yet. "You do know how much of a gap we have in strength, right?" Looking at Jekyll with a bitter smile, he asked this question to the man, hoping that the latter knew what he meant by his words. "Of course I do." Jekyll nodded, a slight playful smile creeping up on his face. "How about this? The goal doesn't change, but I can neither retaliate against your hits, nor defend against the hits you send at me to complete the goal." "That doesn't really help out much, to be honest," said Valyr in response, thinking of the change from multiple perspectives. Though Jekyll restricted himself from fighting or defending against Valyr's attacks definitely leveled the playing field somewhat, there was still the massive problem of having to overcome a difference in stats that came along with the ranks. Naturally, it did not help out that Jekyll was already at the later levels of Rank 5 according to the aura Valyr sensed from him, though it wouldn't be surprising if he was already at the peak. Sure, with his main class being Mythic grade, as well as having access to quite a decent number of buffing skills, Valyr would probably be able to match Jekyll in terms of agility and dexterity at certain situations. However, that certainly wouldn't be the case once Jekyll started using buffs of his own. "Do we really have to do this?" Considering that there was still a small chance for Jekyll to retaliate against him due to natural instinct, Valyr decided to try and ask the man for alternatives to truly increase his chances, even though his chances of landing a hit on Jekyll weren't actually that low. "Well, if you think about it, it's a good way for me to gauge your current combat strength," said Jekyll in response, slightly shrugging his shoulders as he leaned on the wooden staff. "But since you're so adamant..." "Alright, fine." Letting out a low sigh of defeat, Jekyll shifted his gaze towards a line of training dummies that were positioned a few dozen meters away from where they stood. "But before I talk about that, are you seriously not that confident in landing a hit on me? Even with the handicap I've given you?" "I mean... I believe that my chances of landing at least a single hit on you wouldn't be low," replied Valyr. "Then, why...?" 'Because it would be a pain in the ass to chase you around, only for my efforts to end up being useless.' Clearing his throat at the thought, Valyr decided to twist his thoughts a fair bit, giving Jekyll after my eyes have transformed?" "Now you've piqued my interest." Grinning as he looked at Valyr, an answer that caused him to let out a peal of laughter. "Well... wouldn't it be interesting for me to do something like that after my eyes have transformed?" "Now you've piqued my interest." Grinning as he looked at Valyr, Jekyll soon used his staff as a pointing stick, diverting the young man's gaze towards the line of training dummies he looked at earlier. "Since that's how you want it, might as well go along with it." "Though it would have been faster for the transformation to happen if we were to do what I suggested earlier, this current method I'll be telling you isn't that half-bad either. After all, with it, you'd be able to understand the workings of the skill in greater detail," said Jekyll, his expression returning to its earlier calm. "Anyways, through this process, I'm sure you'll begin to appreciate the gradual transformation that happens to your eyes." "At first, you will only discern. Then, from that discernment, you'll begin to discover things that you can use to your advantage." "And once you find those advantages..." Gripping tightly on the staff, Jekyll briefly radiated a bit of killing intent. "You exploit and kill." "Only at that moment will your eyes be truly considered the eyes of a hunter." Taking in a deep breath, Jekyll moved to the side, giving Valyr the freedom to move deeper into the training ground. "For your first step, what you have to do is to get used to the feeling of discerning slight imperfections on the training dummies you see ahead of you," Jekyll told Valyr. "After that, we transition from discernment to discovery, using these slight imperfections to peer deeper into the dummies and discover their weak spots. Only then can we move onto the next step." "Go on now." After saying those words, Jekyll sat on the ground cross-legged, crossing his arms as he turned to look at the training dummies. Seeing this, Valyr looked at the man for a bit before proceeding to make his way to the training dummies, activating [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] the moment he was in front of one of them. Whoosh! As if his pupils had dilated, Valyr was able to look at the training dummy in far greater detail than he would normally be able to, noticing the various materials that were used in creating it in the first place. "Thick plates of metal, strong leather sourced from monsters, a ton of hay..." Continuing to look at the training dummy in front of him, the young man began to wonder what Jekyll wanted him to find out. Sure, he had been told that he needed to discern the slight imperfections on the training dummies and use them to discover their weak spots, but Valyr had no clue as to how the two were related. "There's a couple of areas where the thread holding the pieces of leather are loose, and there are some areas where the hay isn't as compact compared to the others..." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr briefly scratched the back of his head. "How the heck would these imperfections show me this dummy's weak spots? In the first place, does it even have a weak spot?" Taking in a few deep breaths, Valyr closed his eyes for a bit, realizing that he was hasty to find results in something that he had initially suggested. Letting out a low sigh, the young man opened his eyes and tried once more, utilizing the imperfections he had already discerned to find more and more imperfections on the training dummy. And it was at that moment... ...that everything started to click. Chapter 483: To Discover, To Exploit, To Kill Whoosh! As if all of the imperfections Valyr had noticed on the training dummy so far decided to show him the answer to his query, the young man soon noticed that almost all of the imperfections on the dummy seemingly had a connection between them, the origin of which was an imperfection that seemed to affect more than what meets the eye. However, that imperfection was not the only one of its kind. Soon enough, more and more imperfections that were the cause of other surface-level imperfections gradually began to pop up the longer Valyr looked at the dummy, only for him to find out that those deeper-level imperfections were connected as well, tracing their origins back to an imperfection that would affect even more imperfections than before. "Is this what Jekyll meant by finding its weak spots?" Valyr muttered to himself, unsure of what he was discovering was right or not. As someone who had been a veteran of the battlefield in his past life, it went without saying that Valyr had brewed his own type of combat sense for things like these, taking advantage of openings and weak spots in order to dish out more damage to his foes. Though, as he continued to think about this combat sense while continuing to stare at the training dummy before him, he eventually came to realize that this combat sense he had brewed only worked effectively against those that were humans just like him, or monsters that were made up of flesh and blood. Of course, his combat sense also encompassed a couple of beings that were beyond the scope of what he had come to known as his boundaries. However, those beings were mostly monsters that had glaringly obvious weak spots, or perhaps weak spots that would come to reveal themselves in due time. With that in mind, the fact that he was finding weak spots in what was basically an inanimate object seemed absurd to the young man, even though his findings so far and the sight given to him by [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] more than confirmed that such an idea was not absurd at all. "Huuu..." Continuing to gaze at the training dummy even further, Valyr soon began to find even more of the deeper imperfections on the training dummy, all of which were unsurprisingly connected once more, leading him to what looked to be the origin of all imperfections on the training dummy. "A hairline crack on the surface of the wooden pole..." Taking in a deep breath as he came to discover this imperfection, Valyr eventually noticed that the skill had actually marked this incredibly deep imperfection with a dark red circle, something that did not disappear even when he turned his head away and looked back at it. Getting the feeling that this dark red circle was the exact thing Jekyll was waiting for him to discover, Valyr turned to look at the man seated a fair distance away from him. "Hey, Jekyll. Have I become successful in finding a weak spot once a dark red circle appears in my vision?" "Eh?" With his eyes briefly widening in disbelief from Valyr's words, Jekyll stood up and moved closer to where the young man was. Once there, he took a look at the training dummy in front of Valyr before returning to the young man. "What weak spot did you find in the training dummy before you?" "I noticed that a hairline crack on the dummy's wooden pole seemed to be the root cause for many of the training dummy's imperfections," said Valyr in response, prompting Jekyll to finally look at the young man with utter shock. "And how long has it been since you began looking for the dummy's weak spots? Like 15 minutes or so?" Letting out a sigh filled with disbelief, Jekyll looked at Valyr for a bit before turning his head towards the ceiling, pinching his forehead in the process. "Within that short amount of time, you've already discovered a weak spot?" "Man, the Herald of the Zeihardt clan is really no joke." Saying these words, Jekyll let out a chuckle, which soon turned into full-blown laughter. 'I guess I can finally say I understand what others feel after someone who inherits your legacy does it faster than you,' thought Jekyll while laughing. 'It feels... great.' With a smile adorning his face, he then asked Valyr to find the weak spots on the training dummies besides the one he had been looking at all this time. Though it took him quite some time to go through the layers of imperfections on the training dummies, Valyr was eventually able to identify a weak spot on the other training dummies, prompting Jekyll to let out laughter that increasingly grew louder the more weak spots the young man discovered. "Alright." Letting out a faint sigh of relief, Jekyll called for Valyr's attention. "Even though it takes you a while to find a weak spot in the training dummies, it's still plenty fast at your level. Plus, as long as you finish second step, searching for weak spots becomes second nature to you anyway." "With that being said, let's move on to the next step," said Jekyll soon after, prompting Valyr to nod in response. "As I've mentioned before, the first step involves discerning imperfections and using those imperfections to discover weak spots." "Now, for the second step, what I want you to do is to skip the discernment part and head straight to discovering those weak spots directly," he continued. "Then, once you do that, look through the various weak spots you've discovered and search for the weak spot amongst those weak spots that seem to contain more importance than the others." "In other words, the vital spot," Jekyll told Valyr, which the latter committed to memory. "Once you find one of the training dummy's vital spots, not only will you have made searching for weak spots second nature..." "You will have also proved yourself worthy to inherit the second part of my legacy... no." "The true beginning of my legacy." Chapter 484: To Exploit, To Kill, To Dominate "Take as much time as you need. After all, you've only spent a little to complete the first step." After saying these words, Jekyll returned to where he previously sat, looking in Valyr's direction as he watched the man go through the process of completing the second step. "Haah..." Looking at Jekyll for a bit to see if the man would tell him anything else, Valyr eventually returned his focus to the row of training dummies before him, letting out a faint sigh as he recalled the words Jekyll had mentioned regarding the second step. "First is to skip the discernment part and head straight to the discovering part." "In other words, I have to find a way to expedite the process of discernment in a way that I would be able to discover more weak spots in the same amount of time." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr thought about how he was going to go about doing so. Fortunately, it did not take long for him to obtain his answer, bitterly smiling as he thought to himself, 'There's no way to go about it other than to do it over and over again.' "Huuu..." With the thought in mind, Valyr activated the hyperfocus ability of [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], returning his vision back to one where he would be able to discover the imperfections that the training dummies inherently had. Just like before, he gradually weaved through the various layers of imperfections on the training dummy in order to eventually discover one of its weak spots. However, unlike before, he took note of the imperfections that he discovered, as well as the ones that were similar among them. With that, he wondered if omitting them would allow him to expedite the process, deciding to test it out on the training dummy beside the one he had just identified. Whoosh! Once more, he weaved through the layers of imperfections on the new training dummy to find its weak spots. Though, this time around, he began to attempt omit discerning some of the imperfections in the process, hoping that he would discover the weak spot faster. Unfortunately, instead of taking less time to discover the weak spot, he took more time to discover it, having to find imperfections that were more glaringly obvious before even being able to pinpoint the location of the weak spot. Though the result of his first attempt at omitting part of the discernment process was considered a failure, Valyr did not give up, deciding to try the idea once more on the other training dummies that made up the row. One by one, he would try a different approach in omitting part of the discernment process, though the core of it still remained more or less similar to the first idea he originally had. Surprisingly, he began to make a bit of progress with this approach, gradually finding more and more areas where he could omit the discernment process and arrive at the weak spot earlier. "Hmm... I feel like I was omitting more than I could during my first attempt, hence why it took longer to discover the weak spot compared to the attempt that had no omission at all." Gaining more and more information on how he could optimize the discernment process, Valyr decided to time his next attempt at finding the weak spot, which now unsurprisingly took a considerably lower amount of time to discover. Briefly taking delight in the fact that his thought process was finally heading in the right direction, Valyr swiftly returned to work, knowing that there was still a long way to go before he would be able to find multiple weak spots within the same amount of time it originally took him to find a single one. "I would probably need to reduce the time for discernment down to around a fifth or a sixth of what it originally was before I could proceed onto attempts involving the search for vital spots," said Valyr to himself, only for him to continue whittling down the time it took for him to discover weak spots. In what originally took him a couple of minutes to discern, Valyr was eventually able to reduce the time down to a minute. Then, after taking a bit more time, he began to take less than a minute, even reaching the 30 second mark at some point. Unknowingly, four hours had passed since Valyr began his quest for greater efficiency. ... With how much time had passed since Valyr began, the young man had finally gotten a thorough idea of what imperfections he could omit and what he couldn't, staring at the training dummy before him with a solemn gaze. Whoosh! "The metal shard at the back of the training dummy." Within a few seconds, Valyr swiftly went through the discernment process and found one of the dummy's weak spot, letting out a long sigh of relief as he could finally move onto the next part of the second step. Searching through the weak spots to find the vital spot. "Huuu..." Letting out a long and drawn-out sigh to calm his nerves down, Valyr pushed the hyperfocus ability of [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] to its limits once more, relying on the information he had gathered thus far to find a weak spot within a few seconds. However, unlike before, where he would move onto another training dummy to find its weak spot, his eyes remained affixed on the current training dummy, moving his attention away from the dark red circle he had discovered for now as he aimed to make more dark red circles appear within his vision. Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! With how much Valyr had refined his discernment process, it did not take long for the second weak spot to appear within the young man's field of vision... then the third... the fourth... the fifth... In just a couple of minutes, over a dozen weak spots were quickly discovered by Valyr on the training dummy before him, giving him the feeling that making a move against even one of those would inflict a great amount of damage on the training dummy. "Haah..." Taking yet another deep breath to not let his nerves get the better of him, Valyr then used the weak spots he had discovered to find the weak spot that had more importance amongst the others, the vital spot Jekyll
