just hope it's not as painful as having to learn close to 40 skills in one sitting." Chapter 332: A Much Needed Allocation "Let's see… which skills should I upgrade first?" After commanding the system to hide the skills that he had already leveled up to their limits on his skill list, Valyr focused his attention on the skills that remained, taking into consideration the two general categories that separated the great amount of unleveled skills he had. Unsurprisingly, it did not take long for him to come to a decision, thinking that the answer to the question was a no-brainer, seeing as how one category had far less skills to upgrade than the other. "Guess I'll start off this upgrading spree with you first." Ding! [Would you like to spend 84,452 XP to upgrade 'Basic Weapon Mastery' to Level 10?] Hearing the notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr responded to the prompt that had appeared before him with a faint yet stern nod, causing a small chunk from the large amount of unused XP he still had to disappear as an influx of information washed over his mind not long after. Due to the fact that he had endured far greater mental anguish thanks to him deciding to learn over 40 skills at once, only to then fuse almost half of them into three stronger skills, the amount of pain Valyr felt from the influx of information was next to non-existent, taking him about a minute or so to process and organize the information he had received regarding the usage of various weapons, including the spear. Of course, Valyr knew that the reason why the amount of pain he felt from the action was almost imperceptible was due to the fact that he was far from reaching his mind's limit on how much skills it could handle per day. Aside from that, he had decided to only upgrade one skill to its maximum level, unlike back then where he decided to learn multiple skills of the same branch in a row. Since there was still a lot of time before the monster tide truly bared its fangs at the village, Valyr was going to take it easy on upgrading his skills for the meantime, a shift of pace compared to what he had been doing back in Algerie City. With that, he rested for a bit before upgrading [Unearthed Innate Potential] to its max level, causing a surge of energy to circulate throughout his body for a brief bit to accommodate for the increase in overall strength. After that, he focused his attention onto the other unleveled passive skills that remained, all of which were inclined towards the magic side of things. Looking at the skills for a bit, he upgraded both [Basic Spellcasting] and [Basic Incantation] to their max level first, making sure to pace himself in order to make sure the pain he felt would be negligible. Once he was done upgrading those two, he thought about practicing the magic skills he had in his arsenal sometime in the future before shifting his train of thought back to what was important, upgrading all of the elemental affinity passive skills he had to the maximum level. Although the amount of skills his mind could handle per day had increased thanks to his ascension to Rank 2, by the time he was finished upgrading the last unleveled passive skill in his skill list to its max level, Valyr felt a bit of strain weighing down on his mind. Fortunately, after a bit of self-introspection, he eventually concluded that he could still upgrade a portion of his active skills as long as he paced himself. Deciding to give his mind a bit more time to rest from the strain it had felt from upgrading a bunch of skills earlier, a certain thought popped up in his mind once more, reminding him of the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixirs he had gotten from Riekan, the same set that reminded him of Vera while he was with Damian and the others earlier. "Should I go get it?" asked Valyr to himself in a mutter, briefly scratching the head of his back as he weighed the pros and cons of both choices. Compared to consuming an entire set of Basic Reinforcement Elixir, the amount of stats one would get from consuming an entire set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir was exactly double what a set of Basic Reinforcement Elixir gave, with its accompanying skill also following the same line of thought. However, rather than have the set's stats and skill overwrite the stats he had gained from the Basic Reinforcement Elixir, consuming the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir would instead have its stats stack on top of it, which meant that Valyr would effectively gain 30 points in each substantial stat if he consumed the Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir. Of course, 30 points did not mean much in the long run. But to Valyr, whose stats were already high for someone at the beginning levels of Rank 2, 30 points was still a substantial addition to his strength, which he thought would help out greatly during the monster tide. Unfortunately, at the end of his train of thought, he decided that he would just consume the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir when he returned to Algerie City, the main reason stopping him from doing so was the fact that it had cost him five platinum coins to get a round way trip to Astarto Village. Sure, gaining a marginal increase in strength was great, but it wasn't 'I would spend another five platinum coins to get it' great. "It does kind of suck that I'm only recalling that I still have the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir after the fact that I teleported back to this village." As these words came out of Valyr's mouth, he let out a mocking chuckle, the target of his mockery being himself. "Then again… my current stats are definitely far higher than what someone with a common Rank 2 class would have. Even those with common Rank 3 classes are lacking in terms of stats, I think." "Anyways, I think that's more than enough rest for my mind." Taking in a deep breath, Valyr psyched himself up for the next array of skills he would have to level, feeling that his mind had somewhat recovered from the upgrading spree from earlier. "Time to continue." Chapter 333: Straight To The Middle Ding! [Would you like to spend 73,891 XP to upgrade 'Inferior Heal' to Level 10?] [Would you like to spend 73,891 XP to upgrade 'Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation' to Level 10?] [Would you like to spend 65,253 XP to upgrade 'Offense Aura' to Level 10?] [Would you like to spend 65,253 XP to upgrade 'Defense Aura' to Level 10?] "Yes to all of them, of course." Whoosh! To start off his spree of upgrading his under-leveled offensive skills, Valyr went ahead and upgraded the four skills he had in his arsenal that were the nearest to the maximum level, all of them helping him out greatly in one way or another whenever he could use them. While upgrading these four skills, he was slightly surprised that [Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation] had not disappeared, even though he had picked up [Basic Flame Manipulation] since it was one of the basic manipulation skills he needed to pick up if he wanted to gain control over the four basic elements. Then again, even though it was quite odd, that did not mean that he would not use the two manipulation skills being separate to his advantage, wondering to himself whether using them together would result in a unique outcome. With a great influx of information bombarding his mind, Valyr slightly gritted his teeth as he processed and organized the information he received from the upgrades, feeling that his mind was gradually nearing the limit regarding the number of skills it could handle each day. Nevertheless, he ignored the feeling for now, eventually letting out a long sigh as he obtained notifications from the system that the four skills had been upgraded. "Now onto the hard part. All of the skills I have that are still Level 1." Wiping off the cold sweat that slowly dripped from his forehead after what he had just gone through, a bitter smile briefly adorned Valyr's face as he thought about how many skills he had left in his skill list that he had not upgraded yet, letting his mind rest for the meantime. "Oh, it's actually not a lot." Surprisingly, after counting the number of skills he had yet to level up, Valyr found out that he only had 11 skills to upgrade before he was unable to upgrade any of them any further. Then again, that did not mean that upgrading all 11 skills to their maximum skills would be easy, considering that he was already nearing his mind's limit. With that, he knew that he was going to be in for a world of pain sometime soon. However, that didn't mean he wouldn't try it anyway. Ding! [Would you like to spend 84,452 XP to upgrade 'Limit Break' to Level 10?] "Yes." Whoosh! Accepting the prompt that had appeared in front of his field of vision, an influx of information washed over his mind once more, with the amount of pain that accompanied it this time around reaching a level that forced Valyr to grit his teeth. While allowing his mind to process and organize the information regarding the skill he was upgrading, Valyr compared the pain he was feeling to the great amounts of pain he had experienced back when he was fusing his skills together into greater skills. In comparison to something like that, the amount of pain he was going through right now was still negligible, which unsurprisingly gave him a boost in willpower, enough for him to last until the system notified him of the successful upgrade. Letting out a brief sigh of relief as he wiped off the sweat from his forehead once more, Valyr took a look outside the window in his room, seeing that there was still a lot of daylight for him to make use of. Thinking about how he would have to enhance his armor set and his weapon to match to his current level after he was done, he psyched himself up for the 10 remaining skills he had yet to upgrade, all of which were magic-based active skills. Ding! [Would you like to spend 422,260 XP to upgrade all 'Basic Manipulation' skills to Level 10?] Deciding to speed up the process of upgrading the 10 remaining skills by a bit, Valyr made use of a quality of life feature the system had when it came to upgrading skills, something that he used often back when he was still a player. Unsurprisingly, the amount of XP the prompt was asking from him was a considerable jump when compared to upgrading a single skill to its max level, though Valyr knew that it was just the cost of upgrading all five 'Basic Manipulation' skills to their max levels combined. With that, he made a brief prayer to the heavens above as he prepared himself for the wave of pain that was about to come, accepting the prompt not long after as a considerable chunk of his unused XP was consumed. For a couple of seconds, there was a lull in the surroundings, making it seem to Valyr that he had returned to the village for leisure reasons. Unfortunately, that thought swiftly disappeared not long after that. "AGH! HECK!" Unsuccessfully stopping himself from cursing out, Valyr gritted his teeth and clenched his fists as tightly as he possibly could, causing a bit of blood to drip from his palms while some of his teeth started to chip out as wave upon wave of pain bombarded his body from the influx of information he had received. Thankfully, with the five skills he had decided to upgrade in unison having the same nature, the amount of time it took for him to process the information each upgrade had was equivalent to upgrade a single skill, though the intensity of the pain he felt was still equivalent to upgrading five. Nevertheless, this realization was more than enough for him to bite the bullet and upgrade all 'Basic Magic Style' skills to their max levels in unison as well, which was naturally accompanied with a bit of cursing, blood, and a few contorted expressions. "Haah… haah…" By the time the pain had subsided after he was successful in upgrading the last five remaining skills to their max levels, Valyr caught his breath as he sat down on the floor in the meantime, only to lie down on the cold floor not long after as he gave his body and mind some time to rest. A few minutes later, he let out a faint sigh before sitting up straight, commanding the system not long after to show him the amount of unused XP he still had left after going through what he considered a heavily delayed upgrading spree. "I still have over 7 million XP left to allocate, huh." "Well then. That's quite the jump." After taking a look at how much XP he still had left, he then checked with the system regarding the number of levels he could obtain with the XP he still had. Though he found it slightly disappointing that he was only a few tens of thousands of XP short from getting another level, the level increase he would get from what he had at the moment was still more than enough. "Seven levels. To think I actually grinded enough XP to be solidly at the middle of Rank 2." Valyr faintly chuckled as he commanded the system to allocate most of the XP towards his levels. Taking a look at the prompt that had appeared in front of him in response, it did not take long for him to accept, muttering out a few words not long after with a slight grin. "Well… it's definitely a waste to not make use of it, that's for sure." … … Ding! [6,070,092 XP has been allocated.] [Your level has increased by 7 levels.] [You are now Level 33.] Chapter 334: Acclimation Ding! [You have gained the following stats from your class: +28 VIT, +28 STR, +28 AGI, +49 DEX, +49 INT, +14 WIS, +21 PER, and +7 LUK.] [You have gained the following stats from your subclass: +14 VIT, +7 STR, +21 AGI, and +28 DEX.] [You have gained 28 unassigned stat points.] "That's gonna take some time to get used to." At the very instant a string of notifications had appeared in front of his field of vision, notifying how much of an increase seven levels brought to all of his stats, a great surge of energy quickly circulated throughout Valyr's body, imbuing him with the brief feeling of having limitless amounts of power. Unfortunately for him, this feeling did not last long, with his senses returning to normal only a few seconds later. After that, he went ahead and tried doing a few simple tasks to test out how much of a difference his newly improved stats brought, proceeding to do a simple punch, only to imbue the entirety of his STR stat behind it. Bang! Unsurprisingly, with his STR now solidly at the triple digit mark, the amount of force behind that simple punch of his was far greater than what any normal Rank 2 class holder could unleash, a faint sonic boom being generated not long after because of it. For a few seconds, the room faintly quaked, causing a slight grin to appear on Valyr's face as he decided to do the other simple tasks he thought up outside his own dormitory room. Aside from the fact that the room was slightly small for him to test out the improvement in his other stats, he did not want to destroy his room for no reason. With that, he leisurely made his way towards the training field of the barracks, waving at the few people he had passed by that still remembered him from before he left along the way. Once there, he commanded the system to bring up his status screen, which made him whistle as he focused his gaze on his current stats. "Guess I'll have to test DEX during the monster tide," Valyr muttered to himself as he looked at his DEX stat, which was now far above the 300 point mark. Though he eagerly wanted to find out how much damage he could now dish out with the moves from [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] with his increased DEX stat, he knew very well that he might destroy the entire training field if he went all out, prompting him to suppress his urge in slight disappointment as he shifted his gaze onto his other stats. "I guess AGI, INT, and PER are really the only stats I could test in great detail." After allowing his emotions to return to normal from the excitement he felt from the thought of testing his DEX stat, Valyr eventually went through the other stats on his status screen, deciding to start it off by utilizing his AGI stat to its limits. Whoosh! With him being the only person occupying the training field at the moment, Valyr did not hesitate in going all out, going through all of the basic movements he used in combat and in general as he darted to and fro through the training field. Due to the speed he was going, a bit of dust had been kicked up by his movements, causing the entire field to be covered in a faint cloud of dust as a grin gradually crept up onto his lips. "I think I could cover a couple kilometers in a few minutes with my AGI stat being this high." Once he was finished gauging the improvement to his AGI stat, he then moved onto testing his INT stat, proceeding to head to a nearby training dummy before standing in front of it. "Hmm… what skill should I use?" Extending out one of his palms towards the training dummy, Valyr mentally browsed through the list of magic-based skills in his arsenal, wondering which skill among all of them would allow him to get a good idea on how much of an improvement his INT stat had undergone, as well as how much improvement ascending to Rank 2 brought. "Well, if I really think about it, I've pretty much used only one magic skill so far." Making his decision, a small ball of crimson flame manifested a few centimeters away from his palm, only to balloon in size with every passing second. By the time it had grown to the size of a basketball, Valyr was forced to distance himself from the training dummy even further, seeing that the ball was still continuing to grow. It was only when the ball of crimson flame was a meter in diameter did it stop, causing Valyr to stare at it for a bit in slight shock, surprised that his INT stat could influence the size of a skill to this extent. Nevertheless, the size of the skill was one thing, the damage the skill dealt was another. "[Crimson Blaze]." Whoosh! With that, he threw the sphere of crimson flames towards the training dummy he had chosen, his expression continuing to stay the same as he watched the sphere engulf the training dummy into non-existence… and the next one… and the next one… and the next one… Around 10 training dummies had been engulfed by the sphere of crimson flames, with the only remnant of their existence being the trail of charred ground the sphere had left behind. Then, after it had engulfed the 10th training dummy, it exploded into a cloud of crimson flames, making Valyr involuntarily take in a deep breath as he thought about how even he would not want to get caught up in something like that. "I think I can make [Crimson Blaze] return to its original size while still dealing the same amount of damage." After he was done seeing the effects of his improved INT stat, Valyr took down notes, mostly regarding gaining a great level of mastery when it came to magic-based skills and how he had to spend more time on them. "And that only leaves me with the last one." With the training field having served its purpose for testing two of the three stats he planned to test, Valyr went ahead and left the training field, making his way to the barracks' entrance as he activated [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] not long after. Whoosh! Within seconds, the hyperfocus ability that came along with the skill activated, allowing his heightened PER stat to become more substantial as his sight extended far beyond the village gates. Nevertheless, with how flashy testing his AGI and INT stat was compared to testing his PER stat, Valyr decided to make a comment after some time to break the silence that currently surrounded him. "Yep…" "I can see very far, alright." "I can see… very far, indeed." "Very good. Definitely good… I think." Chapter 335: A Bit Of Catching Up After getting over the embarrassment he felt from the words he had spoken to himself while testing out his PER stat, Valyr took a look at the sky, noticing that the sun was already nearing the peak of its ascent to the sky. Coincidentally, his stomach rumbled after finding this discovery, causing a faint bitter smile to appear on his face as he made his way to the cafeteria, pondering over a couple of things along the way as he walked at a slightly relaxed pace. 'With how much my stats have improved after I ascended to Rank 2 and gained a few more levels after that, there's no doubt in my head that I would definitely cause a lot of destruction once the monster tide comes crashing down on the village,' Valyr thought to himself, his
