of him, Braum watched what Valyr was doing in silence, taking note of the tranquil expression on the man's face as he deftly placed a considerably darker scale on top of one of the dark scales already on the armor, using the enlarged tweezers he held to nudge the new scale in position. Then, grabbing the forging hammer he had placed to the side, he tapped the new scale with a bit of force behind it, causing the scale underneath to turn into dust as Braum's eyes widened in disbelief. "Shh…" However, before the man could even voice out to Valyr that he was destroying his equipment, Valyr stopped Braum from making noise, glancing at the man watching the entire process unfold for a bit before returning his attention to the armor before him, placing yet another new scale on top of one of the old scales. "This is part of the upgrade process." "Is destroying the scales underneath really part of the upgrade process?" With a slight frown, Braum grumbled in a mutter as he watched Valyr place another new scale on top of one of the old scales, noticing that the new scales on the armor were placed in a way that they were spaced out the same distance from one another. Though, just as he was about to ask the one forging why he decided to do that, Valyr grabbed Braum's attention and shifted it towards the new scale he had placed earlier, causing the latter to focus his gaze on it as he wondered why the young man called his attention for something he considered as trivial. Instead, what he saw was that the dust from the old scales were being absorbed by the new scales, which prompted the new scales to take on an even deeper shade of black, now looking as if they were dark jewels polished to perfection. "And… done." After putting the last new scale on the armor piece he was working on, Valyr briefly nodded in satisfaction as he picked the armor piece up with tongs before placing it in the furnace, taking out the piece of armor that was already in there earlier before placing it on the anvil. At first, Braum thought that Valyr was going to let the piece of armor on the anvil cool down first before taking a look at it, considering that some of the scales on the armor's surface seemed to be new scales he had watched the latter placed on the piece of armor earlier. However, contrary to his mundane expectations, Valyr instead summoned forth a great amount of his mana before allowing all of it to be absorbed by the piece of armor in front of him. Whoosh! For a few seconds, the piece of armor on the anvil glowed a light blue as faint inscriptions lit up all over the armor's surface, prompting the armor to give off an aura that even Braum found slightly intimidating. Nevertheless, this phenomenon gradually disappeared a few seconds later as a string of notifications resounded within Valyr's mind. Ding! [You have successfully modified the armor 'Refined Young Wyvern Vambraces'.] [Due to the immense modification done, the armor has gained the ability to tap into a far greater expanse of power it initially couldn't, thus increasing the armor's rarity to Epic.] [Thanks to this change, its name has been changed to 'Nascent Wyvern Vambraces'.] … … [Due to the immense feat you have achieved, you have gained the title 'Forger of Epics'.] Chapter 321: Exchange Of Secrets Whoosh! As Valyr opened up a notification screen within his mind to take a look at the notifications he had just received, a wave of energy swiftly coursed throughout his body out of nowhere, catching him off guard. Though he did not know where the wave of energy had come from, he allowed the energy to do as it pleased after he was certain that there was no malicious intent behind it. With that, he stood in place as he allowed the wave of energy to move through his body, noticing that he was slowly gaining a greater understanding of the inner workings of his body. By the time the wave of energy had reached the upper portion of his body, most of the energy making up the wave went towards his mind, becoming absorbed by the latter as he felt like he now had a greater understanding of everything that was going on around him. Then, as if he was being led by this energy, he gradually shifted his gaze towards the piece of armor he had just forged to completion, only for another wave of energy to appear out of nowhere and course through his body once more. However, unlike before where he had gained a greater understanding of himself and his surroundings, he felt like he now had a greater understanding of piece of armor on the anvil, gaining the ability to dissect it into parts in his mind. Though, after mulling over the newfound feeling he had gained for a bit, he soon realized that the understanding he had gained from the piece of armor was not related to the armor itself. Instead, he had gained insight into one of the mechanics that surrounded the armor he was currently staring at. Its rarity. Coming to this realization, Valyr focused his attention onto the list of notifications he commanded the system to show him in his mind, eventually coming across the final notification. 'So, it would be safe to assume that this newfound knowledge I've obtained came from this title, huh?' 'Then again, this isn't the first time I've obtained the title.' Slightly grinning at the thought, Valyr commanded the system to bring up the description of the title, wondering to himself if it was the same title he had obtained back then as a player. However, just as a small screen containing its description appeared within his mind, he was left with no choice but to save the matter for later as Braum took up his attention. "What… did you just do?" With his mouth slightly agape, Braum stared at Valyr, recalling the unique aura that was emanating from him just a while ago. After that, he shifted his attention onto the intricate-looking vambraces on the anvil, now getting the feeling that a strong creature was slumbering within it. Though, if he were to be a bit more specific, Braum felt as if a part that made up the strong creature he envisioned was slumbering within it. Nevertheless, even though that kind of thought lingered in his mind, he returned his gaze to Valyr, knowing that the young man in front of him was the only one capable of explaining what just happened not long ago. Unfortunately, the answer that Valyr was going to him would disappoint him greatly as the young man faintly shrugged his shoulders in response. "I upgraded my armor." Listening to the young man's words, Braum could not stop himself from glaring at him for a short bit since what the man had told him was something he already knew. With that in mind, he let out a faint sigh after a bit of silence, deciding to approach the situation from another perspective instead. "I know you upgraded your armor. After all, that's what you told me earlier." "What I want to know instead is what happened after you infused mana into your armor." Braum looked at Valyr with a calm expression. "Your entire aura changed for a bit, you know? Plus, there's the fact that your armor decided to glow after you imbued mana into it. It would definitely be nice if you could give me a good explanation." "Any specific reason as to why you wanna know?" In response, Valyr looked back at the man in armor as he took out the second piece of armor that had gone through the second step, moving the vambraces to the side as he placed the new piece of armor on the anvil to give it space to cool down. "So?" "Call it curiosity, I guess." Braum shrugged his shoulders. "Since I'm part of one of the reconnaissance teams that was tasked to find your whereabouts back then, I know that part of the reason why the guild was on the lookout for your whereabouts is due to your current class. Even the weapons you had given us as thanks for helping you out on your quest was more than enough for me to realize that you're no ordinary blacksmith." "In any case, now that I think about it, you don't really have to answer my question." Scratching his head for a bit, Braum looked at the young man. "I've got secrets you don't know, so it's a given that you have secrets I don't know, so I'll respect that." "The change in aura you felt from me was probably due to the title I just gained." Seeing as Braum had not beat around the bush regarding his reason, even going so far as telling him that he did not necessarily have to answer, Valyr decided to reciprocate the response. "Of course, I won't tell you what specific title since, as you just mentioned, we both have secrets we want to keep to ourselves." "As for the glow on the armor…" Saying these words, Valyr shifted his gaze onto the upgraded vambraces before activating [Analysis], causing a light blue haze to form around his eyes as he gained information on the item. Then, looking through the item's description for a bit, Valyr eventually looked back at Braum, a faint yet confident smile creeping up onto his lips. "A simple [Analysis] would be enough for you to find that out." Chapter 322: Weight Of One's Actions "Is that so?" Though Braum was doubtful of Valyr's claim, he decided to follow the man's words as he noticed the faint smile adorning the young man's face, knowing that he would not tell him to do that for no apparent reason. With that, he activated his identification skill before focusing his attention towards the vambraces, a slightly darker blue haze forming around his eyes sometime later. Not long after, a screen containing information on the vambraces appeared in front of him, prompting Braum to go ahead and read through all of it. Though, by the time he was finished reading through the entire description, he looked back at Valyr with slightly widened eyes, looking at the man not too far away with an expression that was a mix of disbelief and awe. Ding! [(+10) Nascent Wyvern Vambraces (Emulation)] (Level 20) Rarity: Epic Defense: 58 - 97 Additional Attributes: > VIT +14 > DEX + 27 Forged by a true prodigy in the field of blacksmithing… description has been omitted. <Innate Skill 1: Might of the Nascent Wyvern - Thanks to the power of Young Wyvern Blood infused within the armor resonating with the Young Wyvern Scales on the armor's surface, the level requirement for the armor has been reduced by 5 levels.> <Innate Skill 2: Breath of the Nascent Wyvern - Allows the user to shoot out a wave of flames in front of them, targeting all enemies within a 15 meter radius in front of the user, dealing damage equivalent to 400% of the user's Attack stat. Also inflicts Burn damage that deals 40% of the user's Attack stat every second, lasting for 10 seconds. Cooldown: 10 minutes. Cost: 2,000 MP.> <Innate Skill 3: Rage of the Nascent Wyvern - Allows the user to tap into the power of the Nascent Wyvern contained within the armor, boosting all physical stats of the user except VIT by 10% for 5 minutes. Stacks multiplicatively with other stat boosting skills. Cooldown: 10 minutes. Cost: 500 MP.> <Nascent Wyvern Set | 1/6> Set Effects: - 2 pieces: Attack and Defense +20% - 3 pieces: HP +1,800 and MP +1,000 - 4 pieces: Damage Increase and Damage Reduction +20% - 6 pieces: All stats +8 Remarks: You've got your hands on a piece of armor even the strongest beings within this world would be envious of. "You… you forged this?" Taking in a couple of deep breaths to compose himself, Braum went ahead and posed to Valyr the question that seemed incredibly obvious to ask. Unsurprisingly, Valyr raised his eyebrow in response as he looked back at the man in armor, wondering why he asked the question even though he already knew the answer. "You're watching me upgrade my armor, right? Since that's the case, where'd the question come from?" "I know the question's incredibly stupid..." In response to Valyr's words, a bitter smile appeared on Braum's face. "But hear me out. Most of the high-end equipment I've come across, even as someone at the peak of Rank 4, is at Rare grade, with only a few being at Rare+ grade." "In fact, the Rare grade weapons you've given to me and my comrades make up a decent chunk of the high-end equipment I've come across. As for the number of Rare+ grade equipment I've seen or come across, both of my hands would be more than enough to count it out." "Now, how many Epic grade equipment do you think I've seen or come across in the past?" Posing this question to the young man, Braum stood in silence as he listened to Valyr respond that he had seen a couple or a few at the very least. However, in response to Valyr's answer, he slowly shook his head before opening his mouth once more. "The correct answer… is one." Braum looked at Valyr with a solemn expression before briefly shifting his gaze towards the vambraces. "This piece of armor you've forged is the first piece of Epic grade equipment I've come across in my life." Hearing those words, Valyr went silent for a bit, recalling the general rarity of equipment players had on hand during the various versions of Greater Beyond. Rummaging through the memories he had regarding the first version of Greater Beyond, he focused on the equipment he had back then, as well as the equipment his friends had, quickly coming to the conclusion that he was way ahead of the curve when it came to equipment. Most of the players at the top rankings during Greater Beyond's first version had equipment at Rare grade, with some at Rare+ grade. Those that were catching up, on the other hand, were not that far behind, with their equipment being Uncommon+ grade at the very least. At first, Valyr did not find it too much of a problem, considering that his equipment so far had been hovering around the Uncommon+ grade for quite some time. However, when he looked through his memories a bit longer, that's only when he noticed the crucial piece of information that changed how he looked at what he was doing. All of the equipment he had mentioned earlier that players had… were only obtained by the time they were already nearing the level limit of the first version, which was Level 100. He was only Level 26. "Does the guild not have Epic grade equipment?" In the midst of sorting out his thoughts after this realization, Valyr looked at Braum and posed a question that he felt like he should find out the answer to. In response, Braum briefly shrugged his shoulders as a look of slight contemplation appeared on his face. "It does, but how many specifically… I don't know." Braum faintly shook his head. "All I know is that most of the equipment at that grade go to the elders of the guild, with the strongest ones ending up in the hands of the guild's Grand Protector." "I see." Nodding in response, Valyr went silent for a bit before proceeding to infuse mana onto the piece of armor on the anvil, allowing it to reach the same stage of power as the vambraces from earlier. After that, he placed both the vambraces and the other piece of armor to the side before grabbing a new one, deciding to work on the chestplate for now. "I don't know if you're just here to check up on me or whatever, but could you get me some food to eat?" Placing the chestplate into the furnace as he cranked up the heat, Valyr made a request to the man in armor as a wry smile adorned his face. "I'm starving." "You're still not done?" With slight incredulity, Braum asked this question to the man, to which Valyr responded by slowly shaking his head with the smile still on his face. Briefly scratching his head at the answer he got, he eventually let out a faint sigh before nodding, asking Valyr what he wanted to eat before leaving the young man on his own once more. Seeing that he was alone yet again, Valyr shifted his attention back to the furnace, watching the chestplate gradually heat up to the optimal temperature as he thought about the things he had pondered over earlier. For a while, a slight frown appeared on his face as he thought about how he would break the balance of power within the world he was in due to the fact that he had the ability to forge high rarity equipment, constantly at that. Though, after some time, this frown was replaced with a confident grin as he thought about his current situation from another perspective. "Then again, the fact that I could forge a lot of high rarity equipment is definitely a great way to kickstart the founding of an organization for the final battle." With that in mind, he decided that he was going to continue what he was already doing and not limit himself like what he had done to himself before. After all… Who were they to stop him? Chapter 323: Saving The Best For Last Whoosh! "Haah… and that's the last piece of armor for the set finally done with the upgrade." Watching as the aura surrounding the final armor piece to undergo through the upgrade process began to intensify, Valyr let out a long sigh of relief after he had received a string of notifications that confirmed to him that the upgrade had been successful, finally giving his body and mind some quality time to rest. Ever since Valyr had returned to the private workshop after they grabbed his Half Wyvern Armor set from the inn, he had not allowed his entire being to take a rest at all throughout the two sessions of upgrading he had done on the armor. Then again, he did find some time to give a part of him some respite, allowing his mind to rest up as his body focused on a monotonous action, or allowing his body to take a rest as multiple things went on his mind while he kept an eye on the furnace. Nevertheless, due to how long he had been staying at the workshop, even the small break he had taken once Braum had returned with the food he asked him to buy was not enough time for Valyr's body and mind to return to its peak condition. In any case, though he still had one more thing to do in the workshop before he was certain that he had done everything in his list, he found solace in the fact that he was finally finished with the tedious task that made up most of it. Unsurprisingly, the tedious task in mind was upgrading all of the armor pieces. Twice. Letting out a deep sigh as he thought that he should finish his task while he still had the time, he took a look outside the window that he could see from the door that led out of the private workshop, only to find out that it had already turned into night. Briefly scratching his head as a faint bitter smile appeared on his face, he turned his attention back to the private workshop, picking up one of the armor pieces that made up the new Nascent Wyvern Armor set before placing it on the anvil. "Let's hope the heavens are on my side." Taking in a deep breath to regain his composure as he inwardly made a quick prayer to the heavens for a bit of increased luck, Valyr grabbed the forging hammer he had placed nearby before proceeding to hit the piece of armor he had placed on the anvil, starting the final task he set out to do in the workshop before heading to Astarto Village. Enhancing and refining all of his equipment. Thanks to the fact that he had a better version of the [Basic Equipment Enhancement] skill due to his class, it only took around 10 minutes or so for Valyr to increase the level of the armor on the anvil to the highest it could go, which was Level 31. While doing so, he thought about enhancing the piece of armor to a level beyond that number, considering that he still had a lot of XP to allocate evenly between his skills and his level. In the end, he decided that he would only upgrade it to Level 31 for now and upgrade them once more after he was done allocating the XP he still had. With that, he swiftly enhanced all of the pieces making up the Nascent Wyvern Armor set to Level 31, taking only slightly a bit above an hour to go through all of them. Once he was done, he took a look at their improved stats through [Analysis], prompting him to whistle at how much of an improvement the equipments' stats had undergone. After admiring the significant improvement the enhancement brought to the equipments' Defense stat, Valyr psyched himself once more, telling himself that he would only need to enhance his weapon to his current level once he was successful in refining all of the armor pieces to +20. Asking the heavens to be on his side once more through the process, Valyr swung his hammer down on the armor pieces yet again, this time activating his own version of [Basic Equipment Refinement] on
