for you winning is more along the lines of you landing a hit on me, or you forcing me to use a skill," said Jekyll not long after. "Actually... that seems more fair." "Let's go with that, then." Making up his mind on what the conditions of Valyr's win were, Jekyll soon began to count the two of them down, allowing them to prepare themselves for what was basically a deadly game of chase. "3... 2... 1..." "Go!" "[Limit Break]!" "[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]!" "[Intermediate Wind Magic Style: Cascading Tempest]!" Whoosh! As if the young man was waiting for the go signal all this time, Valyr swiftly activated a series of buffing skills, enhancing his stats by a significant degree to even out the playing field even further. Not long after, he dashed towards Jekyll as he began to conjure blades of crimson flame on both hands, hoping to catch the latter off guard. "Color me surprised." Jekyll chuckled, stepping back a couple of times to dodge the blades of crimson flame Valyr had thrown at him. "If I didn't know any better, I would've thought you were already at Rank 4, perhaps even the middle of Rank 4." "Thanks for the..pliment!" Giving Jekyll a slightly maniacal grin in response, Valyr began to throw more and more blades of crimson flame at the man, hoping to overwhelm the former to the point he would be forced to use a skill. "So, that's how you're going to go about it, eh?" Faintly smiling as he deflected a considerable portion of the blades heading his way with his wooden staff, Jekyll's expression gradually turned calm as his aura slowly began to disappear. "Well, let me just remind you that..." "I am free to use my Intent." … … … "Intent of Lightning." Chapter 488: Through The Lightning And The Flames Bookmark this website e.cm to update the latest novels. Swoosh! Crackle! Crackle! In less than an instant, Jekyll's demeanor underwent through a massive change as his eyes seemed to glow a bright cyan. Accompanying it was an aura that made one feel like one had stepped into the center of a thunderstorm, which was what Valyr currently felt as Jekyll activated his Intent of Lightning. "Better prepare yourself." As Jekyll said these words, a few small sparks of lightning flickered around his eyes, making Valyr's expression turn solemn as he heeded those words wisely. After all, he was up against a Rank 5 class holder, someone using his Intent at that. "I'll do my best to control myself." Watching as the young man before him got into a stance that would allow him to dodge to the best of his abilities, Jekyll began to imbue the energy of his Intent into the wooden staff he held. "Though... I don't know if my lightning will do the same." Wielding the wooden staff as if it were a sword, he then bent his knees before charging towards Valyr with all of his strength, slashing out in a horizontal arc at the very moment he was in front of the young man. Whoosh! "Woah!" Hastily ducking under the extended staff as he made sure to keep his balance, Valyr let out a long sigh of relief as he stood up once more. However, rather than continue to remain at ease... Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! As if his opponent had lost control of himself, Jekyll began to send a barrage of attacks towards the young man, all of which were imbued with the Intent of Lightning. Knowing that even a single hit of that landing on him would prove fatal, Valyr summoned the entirety of his strength as he sidestepped and dodged all of them. "Didn't you say you would only fight back or defend against any attempts at hitting you?" Finding an opportunity amidst the barrage of attacks Jekyll was sending him, Valyr swiftly increased the distance separating the two of them as he frowned. "I haven't even sent an attack your way yet!" "Did I say that earlier?" With his eyes still having sparks flickering around its periphery, Jekyll grinned at Valyr before letting out a chuckle. "Well... just consider all of this a retaliation to your attempts at landing a hit on me earlier." "Well, that ain't fair." Bitterly smiling at Jekyll's response, Valyr decided to take matters into his own hands, sending a few flaming tornadoes his opponent's way. "Then again, there was no such thing as fairness ever since we started this." "I'm glad you caught on quickly." Laughing in response to Valyr's words, Jekyll maneuvered around the flaming tornadoes the young man sent towards him, rely on his Intent of Lightning to improve his movement speed. <subtxt>.</subtxt> However, just as he thought that he had passed through all of the flaming tornadoes, he was soon met by a barrage of orbs made out of earth and water, all of which combined in midair to send a ton of mud flying his way. Splash! Splash! Splash! "Now this is what I consider ruthless." Dodging a few of the orbs of mud that fell down his way, Jekyll eventually became tired of staying passive, imbuing his wooden staff once more with his Intent of Lightning. After that, he swiped away all of the orbs of mud that barred his way, carving out a path that would directly lead him to Valyr. "[Hunter's Tracking Eyes]." Naturally, with how constrained he felt the previous time Jekyll sent out a barrage of attacks at him, Valyr was not going to stay still, moving around the training ground as he activated the skill he had just evolved not long ago. Whoosh! "Mngh..." Though the amount of information he obtained through the skill far exceeded what he previously obtained through [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], Valyr was able to endure the overwhelming feeling the skill gave him, knowing that the only thing stopping him from getting used to the feeling was time. 'Time to look for some ways to turn the tides to my favor.' With his irises gaining a crimson ring around them, the young man began to focus his sights on Jekyll as he continued to run around the training ground, weaving his way through the small imperfections he could find on the man's body. "So, you actually have that kind of problem, huh." Unsurprisingly, with his familiarity with the human body thanks to his past combat style, it did not take long for him to find a weak spot he could exploit, sending out a few blades of crimson flames Jekyll's way. "Now, wouldn't it be a shame if I made it worse?" Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! "He's fast." As he continued to chase Valyr around the training ground, Jekyll was forced to slow down as he noticed a series of blades heading his way. However, rather than all of them attempting to make contact with any part of his body, the blades instead embedded themselves into the ground in front of Jekyll, forming a narrow path that the man found odd at first. Then again, it did not take long for Jekyll to realize what Valyr was doing after crossing the path of blades, feeling the joints on his ankles tighten up from the maneuver. "Finally using your new vision to your advantage, huh?" Slightly frowning at first, this frown soon turned into a grin as Jekyll took note of the crimson rings surrounding Valyr's irises. "And here I thought we'd be chasing one another without relying on them at all." "But since you've decided to use it... two can play it that game." Activating his own version of [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], a couple of crimson rings swiftly surrounded Jekyll's irises as he began to search for any hints of a weak spot on Valyr's body. "Hyah!" Unsurprisingly, with his greater experience in combat and using the skill in general, it did not take much time for the man to find a weak spot to exploit, sending out a couple blades of energy as he slashed out with the wooden staff. "[Crimson Blaze]!" Having noticed these blades of energy, Valyr sent out a couple of fireballs to intercept them, only for them to cut through the fireballs as if they were nothing. "Ah,crud!" Bang! Chapter 489: We Carry On "Ah..." Only realizing the strength he had put into his attack as the blades of energy cut through Valyr's fireballs, Jekyll's pupils narrowed as he felt a bit of concern towards the young man's condition. "I didn't severely injure him... did I?" "Haah... haah... haah..." Fortunately, after a few seconds of silence, Jekyll heard the sounds of strained breathing echoing from where the young man previously stood, anxiously waiting to see Valyr's condition as he fixated his gaze in the sound's general direction. "You almost killed me, you know?" By the time the dust had settled, which had been stirred up by the blades of energy he had sent, Jekyll was greeted by the sight of a slightly injured Valyr, his body now sporting a few lacerations on his arms and upper torso. Though, as he was wearing his Nascent Wyvern Armor, these lacerations only went through the scales making up the armor's outer layer at most, with the blunt force from the blades doing most of the damage on the young man. "I know you're enjoying the game of chase we're doing, but don't you think you went a bit too far there?" Frowning, Valyr looked at Jekyll just as the latter had let out a faint sigh of relief, only for him to let out a sigh of his own soon after. Although it seemed as if the blades of energy had made full contact with Valyr's body after it had cut through the fireballs he had sent out to intercept it, as the one who had to combat against it, Valyr knew that it wasn't the case. At the very instant he cursed at the moment he noticed the blades cut through the couple orbs of crimson flame he had sent out, he swiftly activated [Intermediate Wind Manipulation] to its fullest, hoping to create a gust of wind strong enough to slow down the speed of the blades. Sadly, the decrease in speed only amounted to a few percent at most. However, that was more than enough for the young man to distance himself a bit further from the blades as he then sent out a barrage of attacks using [Intermediate Earth Magic Style]. Having to cut through tons of earth, the power that was contained in the blades of energy began to diminish bit by bit. If not for the fact that he had run out of mana after having to use it wantonly to save himself, there probably wouldn't be any remnant energy from the blades that would have collided with his armor. 'Intents are scary,' Hearing Jekyll apologize to him that he went a bit too far, Valyr could not help but shudder at the strength the man's Intent gave him. After all, a normal attack from Jekyll imbued with Intent was more than enough to kill someone him, an anomaly among Rank 2 class holders. 'After the inheritance, I should evolve to Rank 3 and get my hands on an Intent as quickly as possible.' Being reminded of the might Intents gave a person after having witnessed it once more, Valyr made a mental reminder that he made sure to not forget as he returned his attention back to reality. "Should we continue?" Feeling a bit guilty from the fact that he had almost killed his inheritor, as well as a genius that would possibly become renowned throughout the world in the future, Jekyll's will to continue their game of chase had reduced to nothing, looking at Valyr with a slightly apologetic gaze. "Well, it would be a shame if our game ended without a clear winner," said Valyr in response, moving closer to the man. "Then again, with how you're giving me the feeling that you want to end it here, it's not like it would be right to force you to continue either." "Oh no. I actually don't have a problem with continuing." Hearing that Valyr was fine continuing their game of chase, Jekyll looked at him with slightly widened eyes. "It's just that... I fear that I might end up doing the same thing again." "If that happens, then you better help me out in stopping it at the very least," replied Valyr, hoping to lighten the mood with his words. "...yeah, I was actually pretty stupid not to dispel that." Thankfully, the young man's words had worked its charm, causing Jekyll to let out a chuckle. <subtxt>red.cm</subtxt> "So... ready for round two?" Giving Jekyll some time to think over things, Valyr eventually offered to continue their game of chase after waiting for a couple of minutes. "Yeah. Thanks." Nodding in response, Jekyll began to distance himself from Valyr as he told the man to prepare himself. Whoosh! After Jekyll gave another sign that signalled the continuation of their game of chase, Valyr activated all of his buffing skills once more, allowing him to close the gap between them within seconds. "Intent of Lightning!" With his eyes flashing a bright cyan once more, Jekyll imbued his wooden staff with the energy of his Intent before slashing out in a cross, forcing Valyr to dispel the magic spell he was conjuring as he distanced himself from the man once more. "You know... it's starting to become kind of annoying that none of my attacks have had any effect on you." After dodging a couple more attacks Jekyll had sent his way, Valyr said this to his opponent. "Well, it's probably because I have an Intent," said Jekyll in response, moving his wooden staff to the side. "On second thought, it's definitely because I have an Intent." "You could surmount the gap in our stats with buffing skills, but having access to an Intent is something you can't surmount that easily," he continued. "Of course, if you were Rank 3 and not Rank 2, things would be different." "I'd probably still lose." Valyr bitterly smiled, deciding to grab the blood red spear behind his back. "After all, I wouldn't have had much time to practice with my Intent." "Wait... don't you have a curse that stops you from using weapons?" Noticing that Valyr was grabbing the spear behind his back, Jekyll instantly felt an odd sense of unease all of a sudden. "To be more exact, it's a curse that discourages me from using weapons," said Valyr in response. "In any case, since I don't have an Intent of my own that would fight against yours, I've decided to use something else instead." "And that would be...?" "An overwhelmingly large skill." ... ... ... "[Shadow Serpent Style]!" "[Tide of the Dark Night]!" Chapter 490: Forced To Go All Out Whoosh! Summoning pure Shadow Energy from the small black mass near his heart, Valyr had the dark energy course through his body, ending up at the tip of his blood red spear as a wave of Shadow Energy soon manifested in front of him. Spanning a height and width of a few meters at first, the wave swiftly grew in size as it made its way to where Jekyll stood, spanning over tens of meters within seconds. "Well, that ain't fair." Saying these words to himself as his expression grew solemn, Jekyll eventually let out a faint chuckle as he realized he had basically said the same thing Valyr said earlier during the first portion of their game of chase. "There's no such thing as fairness." Naturally, Valyr picked up on Jekyll's words, grinning as he wondered what the latter would do to defend against his attack. Even though his control over magic and the strength of his magic spells had grown large enough for him to be able to use it as a main combat style, the techniques he could access through [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] were still the most destructive techniques he had in his arsenal. With that in mind, it was no surprise that Valyr went slack-jawed when he saw the wave of Shadow Energy suddenly split apart into two, making the young man feel as if he had witnessed someone part the seas in half. Imbuing a great portion of his Intent into the wooden staff, Jekyll was able to split Valyr's skill, relying on the several weak spots he had found through his unique eyes as he exerted a great portion of his strength. "Haah... haah..." Though only a bit of sweat formed around his forehead, the man knew that if the wave were to come into contact with him, just like how Valyr would have been killed by the blades of energy sent out, he would end up becoming severely, if not mortally wounded. "That... definitely caught me off guard," said Jekyll after he had caught his breath, revealing a mocking smile to Valyr. "However, I was still able to defend against it." "Are you seriously still at the peak of Rank 2?" he added not long after. "With that kind of combat strength, I would have even mistaken you for someone at the peak of Rank 4 if we were out in the battlefield." "I don't really have any reason to lie to you," replied Valyr, smiling as he took the man's words as a compliment. "If anything, I owe it all to the main class I currently have." "Speaking of which, you might be able to defend against one of those skills..." Not long after, this smile turned into a slightly malevolent grin as Valyr continued to wield the spear, only to jump into the air and summon his Shadow Energy once more. "But how about four?" "[Tide of the Dark Night]!" Whoosh! Once again, a wave of dark energy appeared before Jekyll, causing his expression to turn solemn as he pushed his eyes to the limit in hopes of finding a weak spot to exploit. However, just as he was about to make a move against the wave before him, another wave of dark energy appeared to his side, seemingly moving him into a corner. "I think this might be the strongest attack I'll ever muster up for the meantime." Ignoring the fact that his strength continued to decrease as he wielded the spear, Valyr swiftly ran to the best of his abilities, utilizing [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] to find areas that he could exploit before sending out another [Tide of the Dark Night]. With that, Jekyll was eventually boxed in by four waves of dark energy, forcing the solemn expression to turn slightly grim as the number of weak spots in his vision surprisingly began to disappear the closer they got. "Mmh..." Letting out a low groan at how it was taking him so long to find a way out, Jekyll pushed the gears in his mind to their limits, turning them madly as he began to imbue his Intent of Lightning into his wooden staff. "There!" Eventually, just as the four waves were about ten meters away from him, Jekyll found a vital spot that he could exploit, putting all of his strength into it so that he could force his way through the dark waves and escape. Unfortunately... "[Breath of the Nascent Wyvern]!" As if he was waiting for the man to find the vital spot all this time, Valyr swiftly breathed a large wave of fire in the general area where Jekyll hoped to break through. Surprisingly, this move from the young man caused the vital spot the man was aiming for to disappear, forcing him to find another one before he was hit by the waves. "Agh! Darn it!" Now somewhat annoyed that he was forced to find a way out again, Jekyll decided to end things once and for all, circulating his mana and his Intent of Lightning into the wooden staff as he began to thrust the staff in every direction. "[Wrath of the Lightning Hunter]!" "[Stellar Oblivion]!" Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Within a couple seconds, Jekyll sent out over hundreds of strikes towards the waves of dark energy surrounding him, dismantling the energy forming them bit by bit. Unsurprisingly, with his mana and his Intent working in tandem, the Shadow Energy fueling the waves were no match for it, causing all of them to disintegrate as particles of light and dark briefly covered the training ground. "..." Feeling a hint of fear from possibly being hit by one of the strikes Jekyll sent out, Valyr swiftly distanced himself from the man as his eyes glistened with awe, taking in the sight before him in its entirety. After all, in the world of Veldanyr, it was rare for those at Rank 5 and above to make a move. Therefore, the young man cherished this moment before him as he not only witnessed one of the peak powers retaliated against his attacks, he witnessed his idol and his inspiration retaliate against his attacks. "Darn it... I am never going to suggest playing a game with a monster like him ever again." Letting out a long sigh as he dropped the wooden staff to the ground, Jekyll looked at his surroundings, eventually noticing Valyr standing a few dozen meters away from where he was. Recalling what he had done at the very end of his attempts at defending against Valyr's attack, a bitter smile appeared on Jekyll's face as he made his way towards the young man. "For someone at the peak of Rank 2, it almost feels unreal for me to say that you have the capabilities to severely injure a Rank 5 class holder, possibly kill them even." "In any case, since I used a skill to defend against your attack, I consider it as my loss," said Jekyll, laughing not long after. "Once you comprehend your own Intent, perhaps we could do this once more, but with me being less restricted." "Well, with all things considered, if you were truly serious and went all out, my chances of winning would have been zero," said
