the piece of armor as he began his attempt at refining equipment beyond what was deemed the safe limit of refinement. As mentioned in the past, one was guaranteed to refine their equipment to +10 as long as it was done under the hands of a capable blacksmith, which was the reason why it was called the safe limit of refinement. However, if one aimed to achieve a refinement level that exceeded +10, the chances of going beyond +10 gradually became smaller the farther one went, with the only method available to guarantee a refinement level beyond +10 being the usage of Refinement Jewels. Of course, Valyr had no Refinement Jewel on hand whatsoever at the moment, instead believing in the increased success rate his version of the [Basic Equipment Refinement] skill contained as he began the refinement process. Deciding to take his time in making sure that he brought a great portion of the latent potential lurking within the piece of armor, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he obtained a notification from the system that the armor had been successfully refined to +11. Gaining a bit of confidence that he could possibly refine all of his armor pieces to +20, he went ahead and continued to take his time during the refinement, obtaining a notification sometime later that he had succeeded in refining it to +12. Unfortunately, during the attempt to improve the refinement on the armor piece to +13, Valyr felt like the latent potential he had been pulling out of the armor went into disarray, dissipating not long after as he received a notification from the system that his attempt at refining the piece of armor to +13 had failed. On top of that, the system told him that he could still afford to fail two more times before he would become unable to refine the piece of armor for the day. Wondering to himself if there was a system like that for refinement back when he was still a player, Valyr continued with his attempts at refinement, losing a bit of the cautiousness he had earlier after being told by the system that he basically had three attempts at achieving a refinement level of +20 for each armor piece before the system would stop him. Though he slightly sped up his movements as he thought about how he would only be able to return to the inn late at night if he didn't, it still took a couple of hours for Valyr to finish going through all of the refining attempts the system had allocated to him for each armor piece, the final result of which somewhat disappointed him, yet somewhat surprised him at the same time. For his helmet, greaves, and boots, Valyr was able to achieve a refinement level of +13 on all of them, exhausting all three attempts on each armor piece as he aimed to get a high refinement level on all of them. Unfortunately, he was forced to settle for a level that was far from the limit of what an Epic grade piece of equipment could have, though it was still a lot when taking into consideration the grand scheme of things. As for his pauldrons and chestplate, he had achieved a refinement level of +14 on both of them, learning from the three pieces of armor from earlier to not push his luck too much, thinking that reaching a refinement level that was only one level below the limit of what a Rare grade piece of equipment could achieve was a superb result, considering that he still had no access to Refinement Jewels. With how this armor piece was the first to undergo through both upgrade processes, Valyr had saved the vambraces for last, hoping that the fact that this piece of armor was the first to go through both processes would work in his favor. And surprisingly, it did. By the end of his three attempts at increasing the refinement level on the vambraces, he had achieved a refinement level of +16, causing him to take in a few deep breaths to make sure that he stopped himself from acting on impulse and attempting another increase at the vambraces' refinement level. Thinking that he should try to get his hands on some Refinement Jewels before he went through the Four Pillars' Inheritance, Valyr went ahead and used [Analysis] on his vambraces to see how much of a difference the increase in refinement and enhancement level brought to the equipment's stats, commanding the system to only give him a condensed version of the screen. Ding! [(+16) Nascent Wyvern Vambraces (Emulation)] (Level 31) Rarity: Epic Defense: 101 - 168 Additional Attributes: > … "Holy heck." Letting out a long sigh at the Defense stat his vambraces showed him, Valyr thought about how invincible he would become once he had all pieces of the Nascent Wyvern Armor set equipped, taking into consideration the fact that vambraces were one of the two pieces of armor that were on the low end when it came to stats. Deciding that he would find out how true this statement was once he returned to Astarto Village, he then went ahead and placed his trusty spear on the anvil, his mind somewhat relaxed as he thought to himself that he would only have to enhance his weapon to his current level and he would be done. While enhancing his weapon, he pondered over how there was now a great disparity in rarity between his weapon and his armor set, with the former still staying at Uncommon+ while the latter was now Epic grade. Contemplating over ways how he could increase the rarity of his weapon, he rummaged through the general guides to upgrading spears he had come across in the past in his mind, eventually recalling that one of the easiest ways to upgrade spears was to upgrade the material that made up the spear as a whole. "Since my spear is somewhat related to blood, I guess fusing some Sanguine Mithril into the weapon would make it upgrade." Thinking about what materials he could get his hands on to upgrade the spear to a higher rarity, Valyr thought about it for a bit and decided to focus the upgrade on one aspect of the spear that he felt like he could use as a base. However, not long after, a voice responded to his question. "I recommend you to choose another type of metal for the upgrade…" "Master." Chapter 324: An Unforeseen Conversation "Master?" Hearing someone respond to his statement out of nowhere, and in such a somewhat odd way at that, Valyr swiftly look around his surroundings, wondering if someone from the Imperial Production Guild had decided to enter the private workshop since it was already late into the night. After all, there was a limit as to how long he could stay within the guild as a non-member. However, after looking around the private workshop for a couple minutes, Valyr was unable to find any other person inside other than himself. Even releasing a bit of his mana into the surroundings to act as a rough detector for life did not yield any results whatsoever, with the only other things to accompany him within the workshop being inanimate. "I swear I must've heard someone talk." Scratching his head for a bit, he eventually returned to the anvil and finished enhancing his spear to the highest level it could go, the words from earlier still lingering in his mind. "I think I should really take a break." Pondering over his current condition for a bit in relation to the response he had heard earlier, Valyr thought that he was now beginning to hallucinate since it had been quite some time since he had eaten what he considered to be his breakfast and lunch, with dinner still nowhere near in sight for the current him. Aside from that, he had pushed his body and mind to its utmost limits during the upgrade process for his set of armor, as well as during the enhancement and refinement process. Of course, he had pushed his body and mind even further in the past, with the time he had forged a set of weapons for Braum and his group being the most recent example of when he had done such a thing. However, unlike when he was forging the weapons, he felt like his mind was running on overdrive ever since he had begun the upgrading process, causing him to feel far more tired than usual even though he had spent around the same amount of time when compared to the time he had spent forging those weapons. Deciding that he would wrap up work as soon as possible and get his body the nutrients and rest it sorely needed, Valyr slightly sped up his movements while enhancing his spear's level, making sure that each level that he applied was still successful. By the time around 15 minutes had passed since he had returned to working on his spear, Valyr let out a long sigh of relief as he looked at the newly enhanced spear on the anvil, the expression on his face that of a faint bitter smile as he affixed his spear to his back before proceeding to insert a bit of mana into the furnace to finally shut it off. "I'll leave it up to Braum to take care of this." After shutting off the magic-powered furnace, he then took a look at the state of the private workshop he had been using for the entire day, noticing that there was quite a decent amount of random stuff scattered all throughout the workshop, with none of them even being remotely useful to him. Though, just as he thought about cleaning up the workshop a bit before he left to return to the inn, the wave of tiredness he had been suppressing all this time finally washed over him, causing him to inwardly apologize to the man who had helped him procure the items he had used in his upgrades as he made his way out of the Imperial Production Guild, thankful that there was still an exit he could use to leave the premises. "I'll have to make it up to him one way or another." Murmuring to himself as he finally left the Imperial Production Guild, Valyr felt his mind start to gradually recover its energy, allowing him to regain his somewhat lost sense of clarity as he thought about getting a light meal to eat along the way before returning to the inn to get a good night's rest. With that, he began to take a detour to a nearby restaurant he had noted down a couple of days ago as he allowed his mind to wander off for a bit, noticing that his mind still felt like it was immensely focused on a certain aspect for some reason. Though he now had an idea of what was causing it now that he was out of the guild, Valyr decided to leave it be, seeing that he would have to find a way to keep it constantly active at some point in the future anyway. While making his way to the restaurant, Valyr thought back to the statement he had heard from earlier, now being able to give the statement a bit more thought to it than he was able to earlier. Surprisingly, he had come to the conclusion that he was not hallucinating and that there was indeed someone else who was listening in on his brief brainstorming. "But who could it be?" Pondering over it for a bit more, he then tried to recall the characteristics of the voice he had earlier, quickly remembering that the voice was somewhat feminine in terms of pitch and tone. Aside from that, he felt that the voice had become soft when it had mentioned the word 'Master', which Valyr had no choice but to think that the word was pertaining to him. "Hmm…" Allowing the thoughts in his mind to linger, Valyr found his mind's currently abnormal state to be helping him out in this regard, quickly removing all of the what-ifs in his mind as he felt himself get closer to the answer he was finding. Fortunately, a bit of thinking outside the box was the only thing stopping him from getting his needed answer as he stopped in his tracks and slowly gazed at the spear behind his back. "Can you hear me?" Taking in a deep breath, Valyr softly asked a question through his spear, taking into consideration the current circumstances he was in. Aside from that, he had also voiced out the same question in his mind, considering that the connection that he and his spear had was rooted in his soul. Amidst the silence after his question, Valyr composed his emotions as he continued to look at the spear behind his back. Thankfully, it did not take long for the young man to get the response he wanted to get. "…Yes." "Is there something I can help you with?" "Master?" Chapter 325: Talks Of A Future "Master…" Though he was inwardly glad to find out that his conclusion had turned out to be correct, Valyr still had a visceral reaction to his spear's words, slightly shuddering for a brief moment as a bitter smile appeared on his face. "That definitely isn't something I could get used to so easily." "In any case, I guess this is the first time we've properly talked with one another." Deciding to leave the matter of how he was called be for now, Valyr began to walk once more, continuing to make his way in the direction of the restaurant he had in mind as he moved what he considered to be a long conversation with his spear to his mind. "You can hear my thoughts, right?" "I can, Master." A soft voice resounded in his mind in response. "I also find it delightful that I am finally able to talk you, Master. After all, you're the one who has made me the way I currently am." pdα`no1`сoМ "For some reason, I can't help but feel like you're blaming me, even though the emotions I'm sensing you say otherwise." Valyr inwardly chuckled in response to his spear's words. "Anyways, you don't mind if I ask you a few questions, right?" "That would not be a bother at all, Master." Feeling as if the spear had shook its head in response to his question, Valyr faintly nodded as a response to the answer, stopping for a bit to reorient himself to where the restaurant was before returning his attention back to the conversation he was having. "Alright," said Valyr. "Before I begin, do you have a name you came up with that you would like me to call you or something?" "I do not," answered the spear in response, giving Valyr the feeling that it had shaken its head. "If Master has a name that he would like to give to me, then I would gladly accept it." "I'm not really that good with names, but let me see what I can come up with." Feeling a wry smile creep up on his face as he responded to his spear's words, Valyr continued to walk along the streets of Algerie City as he pondered over a suitable name for it. By the time he had arrived in front of the restaurant, which was still fortunately open at this hour of the night, he had come up with a name for the spear, seating himself and having his order taken first before proceeding to continue his conversation. "Hmm… since your color is a darker shade of blood red, I've been thinking about words that have relation to the word 'blood'," Valyr said to his spear. "In the end, I've thought about naming you Sanguine, or Sana in short since you first responded to my words after I suggested upgrading you with Sanguine Mithril. Then again… are you fine with that kind of name?" "Sanguine…" the spear, whose name was now Sana, muttered the word a few times as its voice resounded in Valyr's mind for a while. After some time, a feeling of delight radiated from the spear as Sana replied to his question not long after. "How could I turn down such a beautiful name, Master?" Ding! [Your weapon 'Spear of the Prodigious Tidemother' has now changed its name to 'Sanguine, Spear of the Prodigious Tidemother'.] "Well, I'm happy that you find it beautiful." Taking a look at the notification he had just received from the system, which caused a faint smile to appear on his face for a brief moment, Valyr went ahead and asked Sana the question that had been lingering in his mind even before he had proven his conclusion to be true. "Your name aside, mind telling me why you told me to choose another metal to use for your upgrade?" "That would be due to the fact that the material you suggested would be incompatible with me, Master." Hearing these words from Sana, Valyr went silent for a bit as he allowed the spear to explain itself. Concurrently, the meal he had ordered had finally been served, allowing him to start eating as he listened to the spear's explanation. "Although Sanguine Mithril would be a great material for upgrading equipment related to blood, the type of blood that I have absorbed has a different property when compared to the blood Sanguine Mithril is leaning towards," explained Sana to him. "To be more exact, the Lesser Tidemother Blood you've made me absorb is considered cold-type blood, while Sanguine Mithril improves anything that involves hot-type blood." "Should I use something else like Frigid Crimson Essence to upgrade you, then?" asked Valyr after Sana was done explaining, his body gradually relaxing the more food he ate. "Or would it be better to give you something like Refined Cold Bloodsteel?" "Both of them would definitely upgrade my capabilities to the next level, but neither of them would be something I'd consider as the best path to take." Hearing Sana's response to his suggestions of other materials, Valyr briefly raised his eyebrow in curiosity as he allowed his spear to talk once more, finding it somewhat refreshing. "Compared to the items you just mentioned, there's one item that would allow me to obtain the best possible upgrade, Master. In fact, that item comes from a source that you have no problem in dealing with." At these words, Valyr had a hint of confusion on his face as he wondered what his spear meant by that. Though, with the help of his currently enhanced mental capabilities, it did not take long for him to put two and two together and realize what Sana meant. "How could I forget about the Tidemother…" Slapping himself on the forehead as he briefly shook his head, Valyr let out a faint sigh as he swiftly finished the remainder of his meal before proceeding to make his way back to the inn. "You're talking about the Tidemother, right?" "I am, Master," Sana replied. "To be more specific, fortifying the material that makes up my entire body with parts from the Lesser Tidemother would be enough for me to upgrade to the next level." "And after that?" "I'm sure Master has already thought about that. Naturally, the blood and the parts of a Greater Tidemother would allow me to improve even further." "It feels like I'm upgrading the Half Wyvern Armor all over again." Finding the upgrade materials of both his weapon and his armor set similar in the way that they both utilize parts from strong creatures, Valyr let out a brief chuckle as he found the thought amusing. "In any case, I find that a great relief." "I'll be heading back to Astarto Village to help the village defend against the monster tide, after all." In response to the words that Valyr said to Sana, the latter radiated a feeling of expectation and delight. Though, not long after, these feelings were swiftly replaced with contemplation as Sana's creator asked the spear a question. "Now that I think about it, it's quite odd," Valyr said to Sana through his mind. "The level of our bond is currently at Level 2, yet we're already talking with one another, which is only something that could be done once our bond has reached Level 3." "With that in mind, how are you talking to me right now?" "To be honest, I don't know the answer to that question either, Master." Responding to Valyr's question, Sana radiated a bit of a glum feeling towards its creator. "However, if there's one thing I'm certain of, it's that there's something within your memories that prompted me to wake up and be able to converse with you, Master." "What memory?" Confused, Valyr went ahead and asked Sana as to what memory it was pertaining to, only for the expression on his face to become solemn as the latter responded not long after. "The specific details of the various memories are quite hazy, but I'm certain that they mention the same thing." "Something about the Age of the Grand Tide…" Chapter 326: Butterfly Effect "Are you sure those memories tackled something called the Age of the Grand Tide, Sana?" With a solemn expression still adorning his face, Valyr asked a question back to his spear as he stopped in his tracks, wanting to know more about the matter before continuing his way back to the inn. "Is it possible for you to go over through some of those memories with me?" "I'll try to recall them to the best of my abilities, Master," said Sana in response, its voice echoing within Valyr's mind. "After gaining the ability to talk with you, I've lost the ability to go through a great portion of the memories within your mind for some reason, so I apologize if the details I give to you aren't the most specific." "That's not a problem." In response to his spear's words, Valyr
