Chapter 301: The Level Beyond Shadows "Shadow Serpentine Lancer…" As he repeated the name of the subclass Noel had mentioned, Valyr inwardly let out a low sigh in his mind, a hint of disappointment briefly showing on his face. Though such an outcome was already within his expectations, considering that there were rare subclasses like the one he wanted that could also be obtained first by NPCs, hearing the subclass he least wanted from the man that was going to give him the subclass he truly wanted still left a bitter taste in his mouth. 'At the very least, it's still better than just getting Serpentine Lancer again.' Nevertheless, although he was disappointed by the fact that Noel only offered him to become a Shadow Serpentine Lancer, obtaining it was his bottom line. 'Aside from the fact that it's considered a Rare grade subclass, it also gives me access to the Shadow Energy Noel mentioned earlier. That alone makes this worth the while.' However, just as he had internally accepted the fact that his subclass mething that resembled more of a request from the man, with the former pointing at Valyr as he told him, "I'll be taking care of Ylvar here from now onwards, alright? Of course, you're always free to say no." Taking into consideration that he was talking to one of the most important personages within the Spearman Guild, Arves knew that it would be incredibly stupid of him to reject as a slight frown appeared on his face. "I have no problems with that, however…" "However?" Noel raised his eyebrow in curiosity, wondering what was stopping Arves from giving Valyr to him. "What should I say if one of the attendants asks me about the progress regarding his request?" As this question came out of Arves' mouth, he pointed towards Valyr, which made Noel stand in place for a while, rubbing his chin as he pondered over the question in silence. "I hadn't really taken that into consideration," muttered Noel to himself before eventually coming up with an answer. Looking at Arves, he then told him, "Alright. If they ask y