Chapter 451: The Scope Of Things

"Uh… sure." Hearing the words Valyr had spoken to him, Wells was briefly left at a loss for words. After all, those words weren't something he would usually hear from the young man, especially when he knew that this time would generally be the time when they would become privy to each other's progress.
Fortunately, sensing the seriousness in Valyr's tone, as well as the expression the young man had, looking as if he was conflicted in his thoughts, Wells went ahead and headed back to his portion of the room for now, telling Valyr to come meet with him after he was done sorting out his things.
Nodding as he thanked his good friend for being understanding, the young man then made way to his portion of the room they were staying in, lying down in bed as he gazed at the ceiling for a bit.
"Haah…" Hearing the hubbub that still continued to occur outside the walls of the inn at this time, Valyr took in a few deep breaths to sort out the multiple things that continued to clutter his mind after a certain question had surfaced. One by one, he moved most of them to the side, letting out a low sigh once he had made sure that what was left in the center of his mind were questions that he deemed to be the most important ones.
'I guess it's time to ask myself once more.' Muttering these words to himself, he focused yet again on the question that had surfaced in his mind earlier while he was making his way back, trying his best not to let other thoughts cloud his thought process while concentrating on it.
'Am I doing things too quickly?'
'…or is it because the deadlines of the things I plan on doing are close to one another that it feels like I'm doing things too quickly?' Asking this question to himself, Valyr went over the multiple things he planned to do in the following days, such as forging equipment in order to sell it through the Blacksmith Guild's channels, heading back to the Shadow Plane to complete his subclass promotion quest, and obtaining information regarding the family structure of the Zeihardt clan.
Of course, after pondering over this question for a bit more, he soon noticed that the things he planned to do would either fall under one of two categories: tasks that had been given to him, or tasks that he had made up himself.
Then again, it did not matter much which among the two categories the things he planned to do would fall under. Instead, after noticing this small detail regarding his upcoming tasks, he soon focused on another detail that revolved around the tasks as well.
'As far as I can remember, there aren't any deadlines to any of my tasks at all.' Recalling the second part of the question he had asked himself earlier, Valyr went through his treasure trove of memories to see if any of the upcoming tasks, whether planned himself or not, had any deadlines attached to them.
Eventually, he came to the conclusion that some tasks did have deadlines attached to them, such as the upcoming tournament to determine the leader of the inheritance expedition happening in less than a week, as well as the actual expedition a week after that.
However, aside from that, almost all of the tasks he planned on doing did not have any deadlines. If anything, he instead looked at the tasks as if they had implied deadlines, such as the two World Quests he had obtained from Aster and An'xhur respectively.
'Then again, the threat of the War of the Three Sovereignties happening due to my failure in completing these quests is enough to make me feel like a deadline has been attached to them,' muttered Valyr to himself, pondering over the situation rationally as he calmed his emotions in slight turmoil. 'And I guess that's also what the system wants to imply, rather than give an actual fixed deadline.'
'But now that I think about it, the 'deadline' for these important things are still far away, especially now that I'm an NPC.' Letting out a drawn-out sigh as he focused on his current train of thought, the confusion that Valyr had in his mind was gradually being cleared up. 'Aside from the fact that there's still about a year left until the first version of Greater Beyond is publicly released, the climax of the War of the Three Sovereignties doesn't happen until after half a year has passed since the first version came out.'
With that in mind, he soon realized that he was scheduling all of the other tasks he planned under this implied deadline, with the thought of entering Point Devann's battlefield even though the orc infiltration was ongoing being a great example of it.
Of course, even though he now realized that he was planning all of his tasks under this implied deadline, he wouldn't change the plan he had come up with that easily, possibly just giving himself more time in between his tasks at most. After all, even though he had filled all of the upcoming days with tasks, it gave him a sense of purpose, a reminder of what he wanted to do with the second chance he had been given.
'But that still doesn't explain the feeling I have that I'm in a race against time, a feeling that no matter what I do, it would all be useless in the end.' As this thought surfaced in his mind, he continued to look at everything from multiple perspectives, trying to see if he could work out why he felt that way. Thankfully, it only took a bit more contemplation for him to get to the crux of the matter, feeling as if a light bulb had gone off in his mind after realizing it.
'The final battle…' Remaining silent as he closed his eyes, allowing the sounds from outside to enter his ears, Valyr reminded himself of the final battle he had put all of his heart and soul into, only for it to all bear no fruit and end up with all of them dead.
Though he was incredibly glad that the heavens had given him a second chance to make things right, the final battle was something Valyr felt like he would be able to vividly remember even after a long time has passed, considering his position and the circumstances that revolved around the matter.
Letting out a low sigh as he moved his memories regarding the final battle off to the side for now, Valyr pondered over the final battle for a bit, feeling like he was getting close to the answer he sought.
And then, it clicked.
'Starting from when the first version was released, it took a total of eight years or so until the final battle actually came to light,' Valyr inwardly muttered. 'Tacking on the fact that I still have about a year to go until the first version is released, I have a total of nine years to prepare until the final battle…"
'I've been looking at the time I still have from the wrong perspective!' Feeling as if he had finally and truly gotten to the crux of the reason why he felt he was rushing things, Valyr could not help but shout this realization in his mind, his eyes wide open as he inwardly admonished himself for it. 'I've been looking at the time I have from the perspective of a player!'
'But as an NPC, the time that's left until the final battle is far longer than that!' Taking in a couple of deep breaths to make sure that he did not lose his train of thought, Valyr computed the amount of time he had left until the final battle from the standpoint of an NPC, not factoring in the changes his actions might have to the timeline. 'Considering that I gain an extra year between each version… I still have almost 70 years to prepare for the final battle.'
'Of course, if I also factor in the possible changes my actions would cause to the timeline, then the amount of time I have left to prepare would also change. Then again, it's definitely better than the nine years I initially thought I had left.' Letting out a long sigh of relief as the shift in perspective reduced the overall burden he felt, he continued to ponder over his current situation a bit more, knowing that the remaining time he had left until the final battle was only one of the reasons why he felt like he was rushing through things.
'I guess I've also forgotten to take into account that I don't have a weak main class anymore.' Surprisingly, it did not take long for him to pinpoint the other reason why he felt everything was rushed, letting out a mocking chuckle as he thought about how the shift in perspective had also changed his way of thinking. 'With a Mythic class, I'm able to do more with less.'
'If it were the me from back then, he would have probably been forging a new set of armor and weapons by now, spending most of his time forging in order to gain a higher position within the Blacksmith Guild.'
'On the other hand, I already have an Epic grade armor set, as well as a Rare+ grade spear, even though I haven't been doing any forging lately.' Faintly smiling at this thought, Valyr let out a long sigh as he soon muttered a few words that only he could hear.
"The way you look at the world changes once you take into the consideration the overall scope of your actions."
"Well, as someone who has finally experienced it firsthand, it definitely changed for the better."
Chapter 452: Taking Things Easy

After pondering over the things he had realized in his moment of introspection for a bit more, Valyr even let out yet another sigh of relief as he got out of bed. Making his way to the orb near the entrance of their room, he went ahead and ordered a few meals for himself, only realizing once he was done that he had not eaten his fill yet.
"Feeling better?" Noticing that Valyr had left his portion of the room, Wells decided to head to the main area as well, looking at the man with a slightly concerned gaze.
"Yeah. Thanks." Apologizing to his good friend once more regarding what had transpired earlier before his moment of introspection, Valyr gave Wells a smile filled with gratitude. After that, the young man joked whether the two of them should still catch up on what the other side had been doing, to which Wells unsurprisingly agreed that they should.
With that, Wells went ahead and talked about the progress he had been making in improving all of his skills, as well as the plans he had been formulating in the background regarding him eventually reaching the peak of Rank 1 and ascending to Rank 2. While listening, Valyr's eyes briefly widened in surprise as he focused on a certain phrase the man before him had mentioned.
"Wait… did you just say all of your spear-related skills are all Uncommon grade thanks to that [Technique Introspection] skill of yours?" Interrupting Wells' train of thought, Valyr looked at the man with a gaze of slight disbelief as he asked the question.
"Well, to be more accurate, most of them are at Uncommon grade." In response, Wells scratched the back of his head as he let out a bit of an awkward laugh. "A few of them, I've been able to upgrade to Uncommon+ grade, while the most important ones, I've already upgraded to Rare."
"Hasn't it been only a bit over a month since you gained the Spear Scholar class?" Though Valyr was familiar with the concept behind the Spear Scholar class, allowing its wielder to upgrade their skills to higher grades regardless of whether they met the rank or not, he did not understand how Wells was able to raise his skills to such a level in such a small time frame.
As far as he knew, those with the Spear Scholar class or any other class within the same branch would experience a reduced rate of skill improvement, only allowing them to upgrade a couple of their skills to Uncommon grade after a month or so has passed.
Yet, for some reason, Wells had seemingly found a way around it.
"Yeah, it has." Nodding as he wondered why Valyr was so hung-up on how quickly he was able to level all of his skills, Wells finally put two and two together in his mind as his eyes briefly widened in understanding. "Wait… are you perhaps curious as to how I leveled them so quickly?"
"Isn't that already obvious with how much I've been asking about it?"
"You could've just said so from the get-go, you know?" Bitterly smiling in response, Wells went ahead and told Valyr the entire reason why he was able to upgrade his skills so quickly. "In any case, upgrading all of my skills to Uncommon grade was only possible due to the fact that I've focused on upgrading [Technique Introspection] first."
"But wouldn't…"
"…that be slower? It was." Knowing what Valyr was going to ask since he was the one who suggested the class to him, Wells already knew what he was going to answer. "However, that was only at the first few levels. After all, [Technique Introspection] had something like a 50% reduction in efficacy in gaining skill experience or something at the start, which gradually became better as I improved it."
"With that in mind, it's the first skill I upgraded to Uncommon, as well as the first skill I upgraded to Rare. Currently, it's at Rare+, where the reduction in efficacy is now more negligible, around 15% or so." Finally understanding how Wells was able to upgrade his skills so quickly with [Technique Introspection], a thought soon surfaced in Valyr's mind.
'Those guys from back then were incredibly stupid to not think of that approach in the first place.'
After Wells added a few more things regarding the things he did recently, it was now Valyr's turn. Naturally, the latter went ahead and talked about his journey into the Akashic Battlefield, talking about how it felt more natural to be in compared to something like the Experience Pit. In fact, with how enthusiastic he was in talking about the Akashic Battlefield, Wells was gradually becoming inclined in trying to use it as well.
However, just before Valyr could talk more about the benefits the Akashic Battlefield had over the Experience Pit, he shifted the topic to the orc infiltration, talking about it in detail as he brought up some of the reports he had obtained while loitering around the outpost.
Unsurprisingly, such a drastic change in topic caused Wells to go pale, feeling dread at the fact that even Rank 4 class holders, beings that were at a whole other level of strength compared to the current him, posed no match to the orcs that decided to break into the Akashic Battlefield.
Of course, with how much Valyr talked about the orc infiltration, Wells soon wondered whether his friend in front of him had come across the orcs or faced against the orcs at least once. In response to that question, Valyr gave his friend a wry smile. "If I did come across the orcs or fought against them, I wouldn't be here standing in front of you right now."
"Right…" With Valyr's response reminding him of the ruthlessness the orcs had through Valyr's narration of the story, Wells flashed a wry smile of his own in response.
Seeing that Wells did not have any more questions, Valyr added a few more things to say about the orc infiltration, eventually ending it as he decided to shift it to another topic. While doing so, he told Wells to keep the orc infiltration a secret between the two of them, even after omitting almost all of the important information regarding the situation.
Once his friend swore that it would remain a secret between them no matter how much time had passed, Valyr nodded at his friend before deciding to talk about the moment of introspection he had just given himself, only to be interrupted by the inn's service delivering him the food he had ordered.
Deciding to eat whilst he talked, Valyr went a bit into detail regarding his thought process, such as the initial question of why he felt like he was doing too many things at once, and how changing his perspective helped for the better. Naturally, information such as World Quests and the like were omitted from his explanation, feeling that he did not need to burden his friend with the knowledge of how much he had on his plate.
"By the end of it, I realized that even if I take my time and go through things at a more relaxed pace, I'd still be doing more than the average person," said Valyr, ending his overall explanation regarding his introspection.
"I see. So, what do you plan doing next? Gonna relax for the day?" Nodding in agreement with Valyr that he should do things at more relaxed pace, Wells went ahead and threw a question not long after that was related to the topic.
"Probably." Valyr nodded, albeit with a hint of uncertainty. "I might head out and buy a couple of things here and there, but for the most part, I'll be taking it easy for the remainder of the day."
"Speaking of which, I just remembered something." Just as he was going over through the list of tasks he had yet to complete, a memory from over a month ago surfaced in Valyr's mind, reminding him of a certain event Wells had mentioned to him.
"Remember that Myriad Prodigies Tournament thing you mentioned to me back when we met up again at Clossbay?" Looking at his friend just as he had finished eating, Valyr posed a question at the man.
"I do, but what about it?" Nodding in response, Wells looked at Valyr with a hint of doubt, wondering what the young man was hinting at. "Are you trying to remind me of the mission my family gave me to encourage you to participate in it as a representative of our family?"
"Well, I guess that's part of the reason why I was reminded of it." Valyr faintly chuckled. "But I wasn't really pertaining to that."
"Instead, I was wondering if you know where the Myriad Prodigies Tournament is going to be held, as well as how much time we have left before the tournament begins."
"Oh?" Hearing Valyr's response, Wells raised his eyebrow in slight surprise. "Did you perhaps change your mind?"
"Perhaps. Perhaps not." In response, Valyr gave his friend a mysterious smile. "So, do you know?"
"Well…"
Chapter 453: A Slice Of Life

'So, there's a bit less than five months left before the Myriad Prodigies Tournament kicks into full gear.' After heading outside to buy a couple of essential items that the two were lacking in their inn, Valyr laid down on his bed and indulged in his thoughts once more. However, unlike before, the thoughts in his mind currently revolved around the conversation he had with Wells earlier.
'As for where the Myriad Prodigies Tournament is going to be held, Wells said that there was a high chance that it would be held at the kingdom's main city of Alhazar.' Allowing his mind to wander off every once in a while, the young man continued thinking about it, feeling like it wouldn't be a bad idea to allocate some of his time in the future on it. 'However, he also mentioned that there were times back then when the tournament was held in a special area within the Meltierre Empire.'
'Either way, I'll probably enter it for the sake of the prizes.' Valyr faintly let out a chuckle as the thought popped in his mind. 'Then again, everyone else is there for the prizes as well… or the fame that comes attached to being a participant of the tournament.'
'In any case, I should probably do some forging for the meantime and make use of the great number of Technology Points I've gotten thanks to Julian.' Whilst he was still engrossed in his thoughts, Valyr felt that it was a bit weird for him to not be doing anything for such a long time.
Pondering over what he could do to pass the time, he decided to upgrade 10 more unleveled skills to their maximum level, gritting his teeth as he felt a great influx of information enter his mind soon after. Clutching tightly on his bed sheet for a while, the young man eventually loosened his grip once the initial wave of information subsided, with the subsequent waves of information being more manageable.
"With this, I only have around 20 more skills to upgrade to the max level." Taking in a deep breath before letting out a low sigh of relief, Valyr thought about how he was going to space his skill upgrade process in order to not overwhelm his mind, deciding to follow the pattern he had done for the skills he had upgraded so far.
"Hmm… even though the trip to the Akashic Battlefield was cut short, should I still try and upgrade [Slayer of Ascendants] to the next stage?" With his body beginning to relax once more after he was finished with upgrading skills, a question popped up into Valyr's mind, prompting him to think of locations that would have the monsters he needed to upgrade the title to the next level.
"Yeah… nah." However, considering his proximity to the locations he had in mind, most of which were located at the other end of the Meltierre Empire, the young man eventually opted not to do so for the meantime, taking into consideration that he had upgraded what was initially an Uncommon grade skill to Legendary grade with an incomplete session in the Akashic Battlefield.
"Aside from that, the buffs from the title are already great as is. If anything, it just makes me excited for the stages that I would unlock in the future." Reminding himself to be content with what he had and not be too greedy, Valyr soon pondered over what kind of equipment he would forge the following day, thinking about its sale value through the Blacksmith Guild's channels.
Once he had an idea of what he would forge, he then thought about he would allocate the Technology Points that had been left untouched all this time on the Technology Tree's Innovation branch. Eventually, the amount of thinking made the young man feel like his eyes had become heavy all of a sudden, only to doze off into dream land a few minutes later.
…
"Haah…" Yawning as he sat upright on his bed, Valyr did a bit of light stretching with his upper body before truly getting up. Once he felt like his consciousness had now become fully alert, he then went through his usual morning routine, upgrading yet another 10 unleveled skills in his arsenal to their maximum level along the way.
By the time around half an hour had passed after Valyr was finished with his morning routine, Wells had finally woken up from his slumber, heading to their designated communal area of the room, only to find Valyr eating breakfast.
"I didn't know what you wanted to eat, so I just got a little bit of everything." Putting down his utensils for a bit, Valyr looked at his friend with a smile.
"Thanks." Appreciating the kind gesture his friend had done, Wells nodded in response as he decided to go through his daily routine as well. "Oh yeah. You got something on the side of your lips."
"Ah." Awkwardly smiling in realization that Wells wasn't messing around with him, Valyr wiped off the bits of food around his lips with a napkin before deciding to finish the remaining portion of his breakfast.
"I'll be heading to the Blacksmith Guild for the meantime to do some forging." Once he was done cleaning the plates of food he had just eaten off of, Valyr made his way to his portion of the room to grab some stuff that he then stored in his spatial bracelet. After making sure that he did not forget anything essential that he should bring, he then bade farewell to Wells, telling the latter of his plans for the day.
"Alright. I'll be here as always." Once he heard Wells respond to his farewell, it was only then did Valyr truly leave their room, heading out of the inn and onto the streets of Algerie City. Thanks to his high agility as a peak Rank 2 class holder, it did not take long for the young man to arrive at the entrance of the Blacksmith Guild as the day was just about to begin.
Chapter 454: Rudely Interrupted

"Well, well, well. If it isn't the young man who decided to head to the Akashic Battlefield yesterday." After arriving at the Blacksmith Guild, Valyr swiftly made his way to the main hall's counters that were specifically made for its members. Showing his Core Member badge to the attendant on the other side of the counter, he then requested to meet with the Guildmaster, which was unsurprisingly approved within a short time.
"If this is about what happened in the Akashic Battlefield yesterday, please don't remind me." Hearing the middle-aged man's voice just as he had entered the man's personal workshop, a wry smile appeared on the young man's face as he already had an idea regarding the current topic of their conversation.
"Unfortunately for you, as the Guildmaster of the Blacksmith Guild, I have no choice but to ask you more things about it, considering that you're a secondhand witness to the events that transpired within the Akashic Battlefield." In response to Valyr's words, Julian let out a brief chortle, placing down his hammer to the side just as he finished forging as always.
Briefly staring at the piece of equipment Julian had just finished forging, which looked to be a longsword, Valyr scratched the back of his head for a bit as he let out a sigh, compiling all of the thoughts regarding the orc infiltration in his mind before deciding to go over the whole incident chronologically. Unlike with Wells, Valyr did not withhold any information from the middle-aged man, going through everything in detail as he knew his information would truly help the man before him.
"So, that's how it is, huh." Scratching his head just as Valyr was finished narrating, Julian let out a low sigh whilst he shook his head. "People that had no clue regarding the tensions between the orcs and the humans, only for them to die under the orcs' hands in vain… the kingdom has no choice but to avenge them."
"Did the kingdom finally make its move?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity, Valyr looked at Julian with a hint of expectation.
"They did, but I wouldn't consider it an actual move yet." In response, Julian wryly smiled, telling Valyr to not expect too much from the kingdom in such short notice. "Aside from increasing the defenses around the Akashic Battlefield and being more stringent with who they would allow to enter the Akashic Battlefield, they've dispatched a couple reconnaissance teams into the entrance where the orcs first appeared, utilizing the help of a couple mages specializing in illusion to have the orcs stay there for a while."
"That's quite a lot." Valyr's eyes widened in slight surprise. "And you're telling me this isn't the kingdom's full move yet?"
"They're still collating information on the orcs to form attack squads that would counter them and make sure they're dead for sure," said Julian in surprise, letting out a faint sigh as he made his way to the portion of his workshop that contained the materials he worked with, deciding to start formulating a plan on what kind of equipment he was going to forge next. "Of course, Zeik's firsthand information on the leader among the orcs helped save a lot of time. Frankly, it's the only reason why the kingdom could dispatch so many people in the first place."
"Anyways, I have a feeling you're not here at the Blacksmith Guild to talk about the orc infiltration." Deciding to move past their initial topic, Julian threw a question at the young man. "Let me take a guess… something about Technology Points?"
"I still haven't touched the Technology Points that came with the Core Member badge, actually." Hearing Julian's guess, Valyr looked at him with a slightly awkward smile. "Instead, I'm here to forge a couple of things, which I'll be selling through the guild's channels once I'm done."
"Are there any private workshops in the guild I could take for the time being?"
"We do have quite a few, and it wouldn't take long to get a hold of them since you're a Core Member." Julian nodded in response. "Though, with the small tournament between the inheritance's candidates coming up in a few days, are you sure you don't want to put in a bit more effort into strengthening yourself? I do know a couple of places that could act as a good alternative to the Akashic Battlefield."
"I appreciate the offer, but I've pretty much done everything I could to strengthen myself." Smiling in response, Valyr then flared the entirety of his aura for a brief moment, which prompted a slightly solemn expression to appear on the middle-aged man's face.
"I see." After going silent for a bit, Julian decided to stop what he was doing for the meantime and head outside his personal workshop, gesturing for the young man to follow after him. "Since that's the case, let me help you find a private workshop you could—"
"Dad!" However, just as the two were about to head to the Blacksmith Guild's private workshops, a young woman that sported a set of hair that was of a similar color to Julian's appeared in front of them.
"Ah! You're the guy that took my spot!" Just as Valyr was going to ask the man beside him as to what was going on, feeling a bit of confusion from the current situation, the young woman before them pointed at him, exclaiming something that only made him feel even more confusion.
"Huh? Are you referring to me, perhaps?" Scratching the back of his head, Valyr pointed at himself as he looked at the young woman.
"Who else could it be if not you!" In response, the young woman harrumphed as she crossed her arms, a slight frown adorning her face. "The so-called genius that forged an Epic grade armor set at Rank 2… from what I can see so far, you don't look like a genius at all!"
"???" Feeling even more confusion from the young woman's words, Valyr decided to look at Julian beside him, who had an apologetic smile on his face as he looked back at Valyr. Gazing at the young woman for a bit, Julian decided to cast a barrier of mana around them for the meantime, allowing them to have a private conversation.
"I'm so sorry my daughter is like that," said Julian to Valyr. "After I decided to have you take her spot in the Four Pillars' Inheritance, she's pestered me to no end since she wants to meet the person that took her spot."
"Is that so?" Now getting a bit of an idea as to why the young woman acted that way towards him, a bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face. "I'm guessing your daughter is quite the talented blacksmith if that's the case."
"Definitely way more talented than me, that's for sure." Julian laughed in response.
"What's her name, if I might ask?" Looking at the young woman for a bit in the midst of their conversation, Valyr felt like she had seen the woman back then in the past. Deciding to confirm his suspicions, the young man went ahead and asked the man before him.
Fortunately, the man's answer was enough for him to be reminded of who she was.
"Oho? Fancying my daughter, are you?"
"Well, all jokes aside, her name's Theraldine."
"Theraldine Irideus Pyrrhia."
Chapter 455: Dea Pyrrhia

"Theraldine…" At the very moment Julian mentioned the woman's first name, multiple memories in Valyr's mind began to surface, quickly confirming his suspicions as his eyes briefly widened in surprise. "Out of all the places I thought I'd be able to come across one of the Deities of Production, I definitely didn't expect to meet one of them here this early."
As the name of the title implied, the Deities of Production were beings in the world of Veldanyr that were renowned for their skill in their respective craft, all of them having great amounts of experience within their respective craft. Combined with their incredible talent in the field, almost every person that was fortunate enough to obtain one of their works or work alongside them would consider their prowess in their crafts to be transcendental.
There are a total of four Deities of Production, with the four corresponding to the field of blacksmithing, alchemy, tailoring, and erudition respectively.
Out of the four Deities of Production, the person corresponding to the field of blacksmithing was the most well-known throughout the world of Veldanyr, with most, if not all of those that were at the peak of Rank 5 back in Valyr's previous life hoping to obtain even a single piece of her equipment.
The difference in quality between the equipment she forged and the equipment others forged was so great that others thought she had found a way to become one with the forge, entering a level of forging that others would never step into in the first place.
Thus, she gained the moniker of the Goddess of the Forge…
And that same Goddess of the Forge was now standing a few feet away from the two, grumbling to herself as she watched both Julian and Valyr engage in a private conversation.
"Hello? Valyr? Are you still there?" Seeing that the young man was seemingly engrossed in his own thoughts after he mentioned his daughter's name, Julian did a couple of things to gain the young man's attention since he wanted to make their private conversation somewhat short. Fortunately, it did not take long for Valyr to snap back to reality, with the young man flashing an apologetic smile at him.
"My apologies. I just remembered something while listening to your answer," said Valyr to the man in front of him, prompting the latter to raise his eyebrow in curiosity. "Theraldine, huh… so she's actually the one I've been hearing about in the past."
"Oh? You've come across my daughter before?" Surprised that someone like Valyr had heard of his daughter from someplace else, the level of curiosity Julian had towards Valyr's words considerably increased, prompting the young man to faintly smile in response.
"I haven't come across her, just only heard of what she's done in the past," Valyr told Julian, the gears in his mind turning as quickly as possible to come up with a plausible-sounding answer. "Well, to be more specific, I heard from a friend of mine regarding the equipment she's forged and how it's substantially better than the similar pieces of equipment."
"I wonder if you know the reason behind something like that?"
"How could I not?" Hearing someone like Valyr speak praise of his daughter, Julian let out a loud cackle of glee, proud that his daughter was recognized by people even from beyond the kingdom. "As part of the same clan, and especially as his father, I know the reason behind her superb prowess in blacksmithing very well… aside from her innate talent in the field, of course."
"You've heard of the Pyrrhia clan before, right?"
"I have." Nodding in response, Valyr thought about his first encounter with Julian back then.
Back when the middle-aged man had introduced to himself, Valyr was actually in slight disbelief when he heard the man mentioned the surname Pyrrhia, thinking that he might have come across someone that was of the same clan as the Goddess of the Forge. However, he quickly dispelled those thoughts, tamping down his expectations as he instead thought that Julian might have come from a far-flung branch family of the same surname.
After all, if the Zeihardt clan had multiple branch families under its wing, how could the Pyrrhia clan not do the same thing?
"Then, you've heard of the Pyrrhia clan's specialty, right?" Nodding back at Valyr's answer, Julian threw another question at the young man.
"Blacksmithing, right?" Considering that he was now more certain of the identity of the clan behind the middle-aged man, it did not take long for Valyr to respond, relying on his memories regarding the Pyrrhia clan.
"Correct." Faintly smiling at the young man's response, Julian went silent for a bit. "A great portion of the clan's members end up becoming blacksmiths, with those that don't end up taking the path of forging becoming renowned fighters in the battlefield."
"However, within each generation, there's a chance that there exists a member that has great affinity with the field of blacksmithing from the moment they were born," said Julian, giving Valyr time to process the information he was giving him. "After having that member go through a couple of tests to see if they would be eligible, they would then be allowed to access the clan's most well-guarded asset."
At these words, Valyr recalled all of the times in the past where he talked with fellow blacksmiths regarding the reason behind the Goddess of the Forge's great prowess, even going so far as to ask the person herself during the rare couple of chances he had to interact with her.
Eventually, with a bit of digging into the clan's information through the Myriad Archives and other similar libraries, he was able to find a piece of information behind the Goddess of the Forge's prowess, hoping to now see if that was correct through Julian's words.
"Now this asset originates from the founder of the Pyrrhia clan himself, having come across a fortuitous encounter that allowed him to glimpse into a single forging art that would be considered world-changing even if it were fully revealed up to this day. Unfortunately, he was unable to emulate the full power of this forging art in his craft, instead having to simplify it and transform it into a set of forging arts that he hoped would be fully comprehended by someone of his own blood in the future, since that was the key to comprehending the sole forging art he had come across in the past."
"Whether it's the sole forging art the founder came across or the set of forging arts the founder had created based on that forging art, they both have the same name," said Julian. "And my daughter right there is one of only few in the Pyrrhia clan's history to be able to comprehend over half of the forging arts the founder had created."
"Its name is…"
"The Dea Pyrrhia Forging Arts."
Chapter 456: A Round Of Questioning

'Fortunately, the information I've obtained wasn't wrong.' Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief as he listened to Julian mention to him the reason behind the Goddess of the Forge's prowess, Valyr was more or less satisfied with what he obtained from the man regarding Theraldine, now having a clear idea of why she was mad at her.
'Hmm… now that I think about it, the Four Deities of Production… the Four Pillars' Inheritance…' Seeing that the man before him was giving him time to ponder over things for a bit, the young man decided to focus his thoughts on the weird coincidence he had noticed between the two, wondering if the inheritance had led to the birth of these monstrous geniuses in the field of production in the first place.
'Considering the timeline, there's a high chance that it may be the case.' Eventually, Valyr came to his own sort of conclusion after pondering over it for a bit, thinking about his experience with interacting with the Goddess of the Forge back then. After that, he recalled what he had heard back then from his friends and fellow guild members regarding the other Deities of Production, becoming more certain that the inheritance did indeed give rise to the Four Deities of Production.
'Wait… since I took over his daughter's position in the inheritance, then does that mean that I'll take her place as the Goddess— I mean, God of the Forge?' Noticing that his thoughts were gradually becoming distorted, Valyr decided to discard the thought for the meantime, not wanting to think about what-ifs any further.
"Got any more questions?" Seeing as the young man was finished pondering over the thoughts in his mind, Julian went ahead and asked him if he could dispel the barrier of mana surrounding him, taking note of his daughter becoming more and more annoyed of their private conversation as time passed.
"Nope. My questions have more or less been answered." Of course, Valyr also noticed the young woman growing more and more incensed with every passing second, causing a bitter smile to appear on his face as he shook his head.
Seeing the bitter smile on Valyr's face, Julian responded with a bitter smile of his own as he soon dispelled the barrier of mana surrounding him, finally allowing his daughter to move closer to where they were.
"Took you two long enough…" Theraldine grumbled to herself as she looked at Valyr, then at her father. "What did the two of you talk about?"
"Oh, it's nothing too important," said Julian in response as he instantly attempted to give off a peaceful vibe. "Valyr here just asked me a couple of things regarding how to forge some specific items."
"Valyr, huh…" Though she decided not to pursue the matter any further, Theraldine still had a slight frown on his face even after she shifted her gaze towards the young man, moving a bit closer. "I see. That's the name of the guy who took my spot."
"Nice to meet you, uh..." Wryly smiling as he listened to her words, Valyr took the initiative and extended his hand for a handshake.
"Theraldine." Finding it rude to not reciprocate since the other side already took the initiative, Theraldine went ahead and received the handshake, though a faint frown still adorned her face. "Theraldine Pyrrhia."
As the young woman was shaking Valyr's hand as a greeting, the latter discreetly sent a message to the girl's father, opening up the chat function in his mind.
"Does she know which clan I come from?"
"No, I haven't told her about it. If anything, you're the first one to give her information on you." Obtaining this message from Julian not long after, Valyr inwardly let out yet another sigh of relief as he released himself from the handshake.
"So, I've heard from the Guildmaster over here that you've wanted to meet me for quite some time now." Deciding to start a conversation with the young man, Valyr put on a slight smile as he acted as if he did not know the reason for the young woman's appearance.
"Of course." Theraldine harrumphed, turning her head to the side slightly. "How could I not meet the person who decided to take my place in the upcoming Four Pillars' Inheritance?"
"Well, I definitely apologize for taking your spot in the upcoming inheritance, if that helps," said Valyr in response, wryly smiling. "However, the Guildmaster here was the one who decided to have me take your spot. If anything, you should ask the Guildmaster about it."
'Why'd you have to drag me into this…' Hearing himself be mentioned, Julian looked at the young man with an awkward smile.
"As if I hadn't tried that already," said Theraldine in response to Valyr's suggestion. "I've pestered him countless times to have me take your spot in the upcoming inheritance once more, but sadly, he wouldn't budge."
"Hence, I'll just take matters into my own hands." At these words, Theraldine's expression grew solemn as she gave off a slightly intimidating aura. "Dad mentioned that you forged an Epic grade armor set while just in the middle levels of Rank 2… as someone with that kind of expertise, I wonder if you could answer some of my questions?"
"I'll try my best." In response, Valyr gulped a bit of his saliva in slight nervousness, though he still nodded.
"Alright. What do you use to neutralize the conflicting effects between Hoarfrost Star Metal and Refined Blazebear Essence?"
"Any material with the Earth attribute would work to neutralize its effects," said Valyr in response to her question. "However, rather than neutralize the conflicting effects, you can turn the conflicting effects into something more beneficial by adding Drops of Gold Panacea."
"Wait… you could do that?" While listening to Valyr's response, Theraldine faintly nodded when she heard the young man mention about the Earth-attribute materials' neutralizing effect, thinking that his level of knowledge should at least be of that level. However, when she heard that there was a way to turn it into something beneficial, that was when she felt a bit of disbelief.
"Ehem." Realizing that the solemn visage she was trying to put it on had slipped, Theraldine cleared her throat as she thought about a more difficult question, something she only discovered a possible answer to recently. "Is there a way to emulate part of the strength of an Artifact? Say, the legendary forging artifact Infernal Hammer?"
"Well…" Hearing the question she asked, Valyr raised his eyebrow in slight surprise as the next question was a sudden spike in difficulty. Nevertheless, as someone who had attempted it in the past and was even successful in creating an Imitation of the Infernal Hammer, the young man went ahead and shared his thoughts.
Chapter 457: Friendly Competition

"Well then. That's definitely something you don't see every day." While listening to the conversation that was happening between his daughter and Valyr, Julian's eyes widened in slight surprise as he heard the things the two were talking about, specifically the method to forge Emulations and Imitations of the Infernal Hammer.
However, as he continued to listen, he eventually noticed how his daughter was incredibly silent in front of the young man, listening to Valyr's every word with rapt attention as if each word he spoke to her was crucial in terms of detail.
Taking note of this, Julian thought back to the various times he had seen his daughter interact with other people. As far as he could remember, Theraldine would usually take the leading role in the conversation, wanting to assert dominance over the other party as she would sometimes interrupt the other party in the middle of their response.
Of course, as someone who had seen her grow up to the fine young woman she was right now, Julian knew the reason behind his daughter's attitude very well, chalking it up to her innate talent in the field of blacksmithing, as well as being one of the only few within the clan's history to be able to comprehend a considerable portion of what was their clan's greatest asset.
Because of those two things, Theraldine had grown to have a self-confident yet slightly arrogant personality. Then again, she did have the strength and the skills to back up her confidence.
"And that's pretty much all you need to know to forge an Emulation of the Infernal Hammer." While Julian thought about how his daughter acted a bit different than usual, Valyr had finally finished explaining the process of forging an Emulation to the young woman before him, a process that he had been able to obtain only after multiple attempts of trial and error in his previous life.
However, rather than keep something like that to himself, he decided to share it to Theraldine. After all, the method he had shared was only something that could be done by blacksmiths that had the prerequisite skills and experience to forge an Emulation in the first place. As the Goddess of the Forge in his previous life, the woman before him was more than capable of forging an Emulation of her own with the right process.
Aside from that, if people were to start asking him regarding the methods to forge Emulations and Imitations and forced him to cough it up, he had the protection of the Blacksmith Guild in the form of Julian, with the Imperial Production Guild being a possible backer as well as long as he shared the method. Though, if that didn't work, he could just feign ignorance.
After all, who could prove that he, someone who had been separated from his main clan for who knows how many years, had the knowhow to forge something like that in the first place?
If anything, they only knew of his true identity as a Herald of the Zeihardt clan.
"That… actually makes a whole lot of sense." After mulling over Valyr's explanation on how to forge her own version of the Infernal Hammer in silence, Theraldine looked at the young man before her with newfound respect in her gaze, her expression containing a hint of excitement as she hoped to test the method out as soon as possible.
Though there was still a decently high chance that the method Valyr had shared to her wouldn't work, taking into consideration the possibility of the young man giving her false information, Theraldine still believed that she might be able to finally succeed in forging an Emulation of the Infernal Hammer as most of the concepts Valyr had talked about in his explanation made complete sense to her.
However, just as she was about to leave both Julian and Valyr and attempt forging an Emulation with her newly obtained knowledge, Theraldine was reminded of the initial reason why she had come to find the two in the first place, stopping herself in her tracks as she thought about a couple of things.
'I really want to try it out, but it would be rude to just leave Dad and Valyr after the latter decided to share what is basically high-level information to me.' With conflicting thoughts lingering in her mind, Theraldine blankly stared off into the distance as she thought about what to do. 'Plus, if I were to leave right now, the impression Valyr might have of me could possibly worsen… though I'm pretty sure it's already bad with how I've made my first impression on him earlier.'
'What to do… what to do…' Thinking about how she could apply her newly obtained knowledge in a practical setting and improve the young man's impression of her at the same time, a light bulb eventually turned on in Theraldine's mind as she came up with a great idea to kill two birds with one stone.
"Dad, I have something to ask of you." Pondering over how she would put the idea into action, her answer swiftly arrived as she turned her gaze towards her father, prompting her to move closer to Julian as she whispered a few things to him.
"Hmm?" Listening to his daughter's whispers, Julian raised his eyebrow in curiosity, only for his eyes to slightly widen in surprise a few seconds later. "That could definitely work…"
"Am I missing out on something?" As for Valyr, who had no idea as to what kind of conversation the two were having, he decided to wait for the two to finish before asking about the private workshop he wanted to reserve for a forging session.
Though, it seemed like his plans of reserving a private workshop would have to be put to the side for now as both Julian and Theraldine looked at him.
"First and foremost, I would like to say that you definitely have something that allows you to be eligible to take my spot in the upcoming Four Pillars' Inheritance." Clearing her throat to gain the young man's attention, Theraldine began to speak. "Knowledge regarding the forging of artifact replicas isn't a laughing matter, after all."
"However, there's still a vast difference between theoretical knowledge and practical knowledge," said Theraldine not long after. "I may have come to respect you for your great theoretical knowledge, but Dad's claims of you having forged an Epic grade armor set at your current rank is still something I highly doubt."
"Hence, I've come up with a proposal." At these words, a faint confident smile appeared on Theraldine's face. "Let us engage in a forging duel."
"A forging duel, huh." Letting out a faint sigh, Valyr looked at Julian, who looked back at him with a slightly apologetic smile, conveying through his expression that it was something even he could not stop if he wanted to.
Flashing a wry smile in response to message he had received through the man's expression, Valyr looked back at Theraldine before nodding. "What are we going to forge, and what are the rules?"
"Considering that you've given me the knowhow to forge an Emulation of the Infernal Hammer, how about we forge emulations of artifacts of our choosing and see who among the two of us could forge one better?" Theraldine suggested in response.
"If that's what we're going to forge, then that's fine by me." Valyr slightly shrugged his shoulders in response. "And the rules?"
"Aside from sabotaging the other side's work, anything goes, I guess." Responding to Valyr's question, Theraldine shrugged her shoulders as well. "As someone who has taken my spot in the upcoming inheritance, I'm sure you have a couple skills that elevate your forged items to another level. The same applies to me."
"I don't want to limit the potential of the items we'll be forging in any way just because of some stupid rule." Hearing these words, Valyr nodded in understanding, only for a related question to pop up in his mind not long after.
"How about the materials we're going to use for the forging duel?"
"I'll be the one to take care of that," said Julian in response, flashing a soft smile at his daughter before turning his head to look at Valyr. "Also, if you don't mind, can we hold the forging duel between you two in an area that would allow the members of the Blacksmith Guild to watch? After all, having two of the guild's greatest talents show how they forge emulations would definitely motivate them to get better."
"As long as she doesn't mind." In response to the request, Valyr briefly shrugged his shoulders as he pointed at Theraldine. Noticing that Julian's gaze was on her, Theraldine responded with a faint nod, informing her father that it was fine for their forging duel to become public.
"Alright then." Seeing that the two had agreed to publicize the forging duel between them, Julian grinned. After that, he left the two to their own devices, but not before leaving them with a few parting words.
"Make yourselves busy for the meantime and prepare the list of materials you might need for the item you'll forge."
"As for me… I'll be setting the stage where your talents could be fully showcased."
Chapter 458: Hammer Of Primeval Origins

"So…" With both him and Theraldine being left alone to their own devices, Valyr went ahead and struck up a conversation with the young woman near him. "I'm guessing you asked for this forging duel to happen since you wanted to find an excuse to see if the knowledge I've just given you was correct, right?"
"Wha—" Not expecting to have her intentions be found out so easily, Theraldine looked at the young man in front of her at a slight loss for words, only for her expression to become somewhat furious not long after. "I-It's not like that at all!"
"Is that so?" Faintly grinning at the young woman's reaction, Valyr decided to tease her a bit more. "Well, considering that I now have a rough idea of how you act around others, I'm fairly certain that if I hadn't shared the knowledge I have regarding the method to forge artifact replicas, we'd still be engaging in a forging duel at some point. However, the approach would be more on the aggressive side, wanting to prove to the Guildmaster that you're the one more worthy of the spot for the inheritance."
"That's…" Listening to Valyr speak, Theraldine was about to refute the man's words, only to think that she did not really have anything to say to refute him. After all, the words he had spoken resonated deeply with her, prompting her to think that it was the move she would have made, if not for the knowledge Valyr had graciously shared to her.
"Then again, my conjectures could be wrong." Seeing the slight glum expression that appeared on Theraldine's face after he had said his piece, Valyr briefly thought to himself that he might have guessed the woman's original intentions a bit too correctly, which prompted him to try and salvage the situation as he swiftly shifted the topic. "If anything, I kind of find this nice, actually. In a way, it feels like you want to show me what you can do with the knowledge I've given you… or something along those lines."
"I definitely have no clue what you're talking about." Seeing that the young man wanted to shift their conversation to another topic, Theraldine did not hesitate to do so, turning her head to the side as she feigned ignorance towards Valyr's words.
"Alright then." Valyr chuckled in response. "Keep your secrets."
"So… do you already have an idea of what kind of artifact you're going to try and make an Emulation of?" After a bit of silence had surrounded the two of them, Theraldine took the initiative to start a conversation with the young man, hoping to improve the man's impression of her through it.
"I guess so." Looking at the young woman, Valyr stared off into the distance for a bit before eventually nodding. "I don't know if I'd be able to pull off an Emulation of the artifact, though. Nevertheless, I'll still try my best."
"How about you?"
"I'm pretty set on what I'm going to forge," said Theraldine in response, her expression exuding confidence. "With the knowledge you've shared to me earlier, there's a high chance that I might actually be successful."
"Oh, really?" Feeling a faint smile creep up onto his lips, Valyr looked at the young woman. "Then, I guess I'll be looking forward to the item you'll be forging later."
Deciding to allow the two of them to go over their respective plans on what they were going to forge for the forging duel, Valyr went ahead and distanced himself from the young woman for the meantime, heading towards Julian's personal workshop to possibly get a couple more ideas on what he was going to forge, as well as make sure that the young woman could not listen to his murmurs.
"I definitely didn't expect that I'd be participating in a forging duel all of a sudden," muttered Valyr to himself, only to grin not long after. "Then again, it's a great excuse to finally forge something that I should have forged a long time ago."
"In any case, she plans to forge the Infernal Hammer, huh." Sitting down on Julian's anvil for a brief moment, Valyr thought about the item that Theraldine was hoping to forge, finding her choice of artifact somewhat peculiar, but not that surprising. "Compared to other legendary forging artifacts out there, the Infernal Hammer is one of the greatest artifacts one could get their hands on if they plan on forging a lot of items and equipment of the Fire attribute."
"Since that's what she's definitely going to forge the forging duel, I guess I should go one step further and make a forging hammer that's better in many ways." Seeing the forging duel as the perfect excuse to forge his own forging hammer, with the materials that would have normally taken him a long time to procure now being available to obtain from the Blacksmith Guild directly, Valyr went ahead and rummaged through his treasure trove of memories from his past life, trying to recall as much of the legendary forging artifacts he had come across as possible.
"Though it would be hilarious if I forged a forging hammer that's better for Water-attribute equipment, I should think of the forging hammer as something I'll be using for a long time," Valyr said to himself. "I should also probably take into consideration the possibility of upgrading it into an Imitation or a Replica later down the line. Perhaps, even the possibility of turning it into an artifact of its own."
"With that in mind, I should probably focus on legendary forging artifacts that have no attribute, or those that are inclined towards multiple attributes at the same time." With the thought in mind, Valyr went through the list of legendary forging artifacts he had compiled from his memories and swiftly discarded a great portion of them, leaving behind only a few that met his new criteria.
"Well, then. I guess this is just the heavens telling me that it was fated to happen at some point." Eventually, after weighing the pros and cons of forging a replica of each artifact, the young man made his choice on what he would forge for the forging duel later, chuckling as he pondered over the materials necessary to create a replica of the artifact he had chosen.
"The Hammer of Primeval Origins…"
Chapter 459: A Clash Between Two Talents

If the Infernal Hammer was considered one of the best forging artifacts one could get their hands on if one wished to create a lot of Fire-attribute items and equipment, then the Hammer of Primeval Origins thought of emulating was one step above it, having the ability to forge Fire-attribute equipment that exceeded the Infernal Hammer in terms of quality.
However, the Hammer of Primeval Origins was not only limited to equipment of the Fire-attribute. As Valyr had chosen to emulate a forging artifact that either had no attribute or had multiple attributes, the Hammer of Primeval Origins was an artifact that fit the criteria, more specifically the latter.
Items that had been forged with the help of the Hammer of Primeval Origins, whether it be Fire-attribute, Wind-attribute, Water-attribute, or Earth-attribute, had stats that were significantly greater than even forging hammers attuned to one of the specific attributes itself.
Aside from that, items that were forged using the hammer that had no attribute showed a sharp increase in stats as well, which allowed the Hammer of Primeval Origins to ascend to a status that deemed it to be a transcendental artifact by the masses…
Especially after the one that had created the artifact in the first place had cemented her status as one of the legendary Four Deities of Production.
'I wonder if she'll be able to forge the Hammer of Primeval Origins later down the line just like what she did in my past life,' thought Valyr to himself. 'Then again, with how I've already changed quite possibly a lot of things regarding the timeline, there's a probable chance that she wouldn't.'
'Since that's the case, I guess I'll show her the power of the artifact she forged in advance.' Pondering to himself whether it would even be possible to forge an emulation of an artifact that would only appear in the future, Valyr decided to believe that it was possible, recalling the forging methods he had applied in the Nascent Wyvern Armor set he currently wore, as well as the few other pieces of equipment he had worked on in the past that were inspired by legendary artifacts.
Believing that everything would go well while forging, the young man went ahead and activated his blueprint creation skill, beginning to draft up the blueprint of what would be his attempt at an Emulation of the Hammer of Primeval Origins. Allocating around half of the 1,000 Technology Points he had gotten towards maxing out part of the Technology Tree's Innovation branch amidst the drafting process, Valyr eventually came up with the list of materials he would need to forge the item, a faint smile appearing on his face.
"Since I already began allocating the Technology Points, might as well use all of them up." After taking a couple more peeks at the blueprint he had drafted, Valyr went ahead and finish what he had begun during the blueprint drafting process, allocating his remaining Technology Points to max out his Technology Tree's Innovation branch.
With the 1,000 points he had obtained as a Core Member of the Blacksmith Guild, he was able to fully max out all of the advancements that could be unlocked ranging from the Paleolithic Age to the Copper Age, with half of the unlockable advancements in the Iron Age still locked and not maxed.
Deciding to ask Julian later if it was possible for him to get some more Technology Points to max out his Technology Tree, Valyr passed the time while they were waiting by taking a look at his blueprint every once in a while, making sure that the list of items would meld well in the final product.
Fortunately, after waiting for about another half an hour, one of the staff members from the Blacksmith Guild called him and Theraldine over to ask the two of them for the list of items they would need for the forging duel. With that, the two of them headed to where the staff member, only for the latter to ask to follow behind them not long after.
…
"I'm surprised this many people have gathered in such a short amount of time." Arriving at what looked to be stage where they would be forging their respective items, Valyr could not help but look at the audience that surrounded him and Theraldine.
Though the venue of the forging duel between him and Theraldine would be held at the Blacksmith Guild's main hall, Valyr surmised that the number of people in attendance to watch this forging duel happen in front of him had exceeded a few hundred, perhaps even more. If anything, he felt that the number of people could have been greater than that if not for the fact that the entire main hall was already filled with people at this point.
"Well, Dad definitely has a way to attract the attention of many people in a short span of time." Shrugging her shoulders in response as if the sight before her wasn't that surprising, Theraldine looked at Valyr beside her and nodded.
Nodding back, the two of them went ahead and made their way onto the stage as the audience, which had been making noise all this time, gradually reduced their noise to murmurs as Valyr and Theraldine took up the workshops they would be occupying for the forging duel.
"Before we begin this forging duel, I would like to thank everyone who has taken the time to attend." Whilst Theraldine and Valyr were checking to see if the items they would be using had any faults whatsoever, a booming voice resounded throughout the main hall as a middle-aged man appeared in front of the audience with a proud smile.
"I am Julian Pyrrhia, the Guildmaster of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild," said Julian with a confident tone. "To those who have come to watch this event today as a member of the Blacksmith Guild, let this forging duel serve as motivation and drive for you to hone your skills in the craft to greater heights."
"As for those who have come to watch this event today from outside, then I hope this forging duel allows you to have a brief glimpse at the Blacksmith Guild's greatest talents."
"Now then… how about I introduce the two blacksmiths that shall be partaking in the duel today?"
Chapter 460: Unknown To The Masses

"Wooo!" Hearing the crowd surrounding the stage loudly cheer in response to his question, the smile on Julian's face widened as he suppressed the urge to laugh there and then.
Taking a look at both Valyr and Theraldine for a bit, who were currently checking to see if any of the equipment they might be using had any faults with them, Julian soon gestured towards the audience to become silent as he began to introduce the two.
"To my left is not only the greatest daughter a father could ever have, but is also one of the greatest talents to ever be a part of the Blacksmith Guild." Beginning his introduction of Theraldine, Julian gestured to the audience to look towards his daughter, who still looked to be oblivious of what was currently going on. "Being a part of the same Pyrrhia clan as me, she has inherited the clan's strongest forging art and has made a name for herself within the Algerie Kingdom as the Queen of Forge's Flames."
"With that, I introduce to you, Theraldine Irideus Pyrrhia!"
"Wooo!!!" With the crowd loudly cheering once more in response to Julian's introduction, the entire main hall was filled once more with noise as some of them began to talk about the feats they could recall that Theraldine had done.
However, whilst the crowd was still in the midst of cheering for Theraldine, there was one specific group within that crowd that cheered louder than the rest, the words they exclaimed instantly making those surrounding them look at them with a hint of disgust.
"You've got this, Queen!"
"We, the Crimson Azure Knights, shall support you till our dying breath!"
"What's a forging duel for someone like the Queen? She'll defeat her opponent no problem!"
"Hey. If you don't mind me asking…" Taking notice of the outliers among the crowd that were cheering for the two of them, Valyr briefly stopped what he was doing and turned his head to look at Theraldine. "Do you know them? It seems like they're cheering on for you."
"I do." Nodding in response, Theraldine let out a slightly exasperated sigh, showing Valyr how she felt about the cheers. "Ever since I started to gain a reputation in the field of blacksmithing, a group of people within the Blacksmith Guild that admired my craftsmanship decided to band together in support of whatever I did. As you've heard from their screams, they call themselves the Crimson Azure Knights, even though they don't really do any combat at all."
"In other words, you've got a fan club going on." Hearing Valyr say these words, Theraldine thought about it for a bit before nodding in agreement.
"Pretty much."
"Have you tried asking them to not do something like that?" While the thought of the Crimson Azure Knights made Valyr think about his plans of creating an organization of his own once he was stronger, the young man threw a question at Theraldine that followed his original train of thought.
"I've already tried." Theraldine bitterly smiled. "But rather than agree to it and disband, they instead began to praise me with even greater fervor, saying how I've taken note of their presence or something along those lines."
"Yikes." At those words, Valyr slightly shuddered. From what the young woman had just told him, the Crimson Azure Knights to him now seemed more like a fanatic cult that revolved around Theraldine instead of a normal fan club.
With his curiosity regarding the outlier in the audience satisfied, Valyr soon returned his attention back to the equipment he would be working with, with the materials he and Theraldine had requested for the forging duel arriving whilst Julian continued to chat with the crowd in order to give the two of them more time.
"Since your true identity is quite the special topic, I'd suggest you give me a name you want me to use to introduce you." Just as he had begun to assess the quality of the items he had gotten his hands on, keeping it in mind as he thought about modifying part of the blueprint's steps, a notification sound resounded within Valyr's mind, informing him that Julian had sent him a message.
"Hmm…" Reading through the message he had received, Valyr pondered over the question for a bit. "Do you only need a first name, or should I also give a last name as well?"
"It's all up to you," Julian messaged in response. "Of course, if you want me to use Valyr, I'd be glad to do so. However, I'm sure that neither I nor you want to see the consequences of doing something like that."
"That's definitely a given," replied Valyr. "I guess Ylvar would work."
"The fake name you used while talking with that old man from the Spearman Guild, huh. Got it." With their conversation ending there, Valyr returned his attention back on the materials he would use in the forging duel, while Julian began introducing the young man to the audience.
"As for the one on my right, unlike my daughter right here, this young man does not seem to be that impressive."
"After all, if I were to ask you as to who he was, would you be able to answer?" Hearing this question being asked by Julian to the audience, Valyr wryly smiled, feeling a bit hurt from the words the man had spoken.
Seeing almost the entire audience shake their heads in response to the question, a faint smirk appeared on the middle-aged man's lips as he continued. "To no one's surprise, all of you pretty much said no to my question. However, even though he may be unknown to everyone of you, his skills as a blacksmith are, in many ways, on par with Theraldine right there. The Blacksmith Guild can attest to that."
In response to the words Julian had spoken about Valyr's skill, a few groups of people began to murmur with one another, doubting the former's words, even though he was the Guildmaster of the Blacksmith Guild. Nevertheless, Julian did not mind, instead finding it somewhat amusing as he knew that not only he would probably be surprised with what Valyr might do…
But the audience as well.
"Though I've mentioned earlier that this forging duel is a brief glimpse into the greatest talents of the Blacksmith Guild's younger generation, it's also a way for everyone to see if our young friend here has the skills to indeed be considered on par with Theraldine."
"With all of that being said…"
"Let us begin."
Chapter 461: An Odd Decision

With the crowd cheering one more time in response to Julian's words, the latter went ahead and laid out the rules that would be governing the forging duel between Valyr and Theraldine.
"First and foremost, I shall be the arbiter of the forging duel between the two young and talented blacksmiths we have here today," said Julian once the crowd became silent. "Though I shall be enlisting the help of a couple high-tier blacksmiths in the background to determine the winner of the forging duel, I shall have the final say on the judgment."
"I presume none of the people here have any complaints with that, right?" Asking this question to the audience surrounding the stage, Julian looked at them with rapt attention, wanting to see if anyone was going to voice any dissent towards the matter. Seeing that there were none, Julian faintly nodded before proceeding to move onto the next rule.
"Second, the two duelists shall not disturb the other in any way, may it be through intentional distraction, sabotaging one's work, or anything that would fall under the scope of affecting the other's work."
"The duelists shall be given a total of three warnings if they were to intentionally distract their opponent from putting all of their concentration on their work. Once a fourth warning has been given, the one that has been given the fourth warning shall be disqualified, while the other side shall be deemed as winner by default."
"Of course, the duelists having conversations at idle times are allowed. After all, the early portions of the forging process more or less consists of having to wait for materials to reach the optimal forging temperature," added Julian, making it so that the rules were stringent yet not at the same time.
"Aside from those two rules, the duelists are free to do whatever they want and use whatever means they have during the forging process. All special skills and special forging equipment that the duelist might have before the beginning of the forging duel could be used since those are considered a type of asset."
"With that, the two of them shall be forging what is considered one of the most difficult types of equipment for a blacksmith to forge." As Julian said these words, the interest of the audience had been piqued, prompting them to lean a bit closer to hear the man's next words better.
"To those that are part of the Blacksmith Guild, or perhaps a blacksmith not affiliated with the guild yet has accrued tons of experience, I'm certain that you already know what I'm talking about," said Julian, to which a considerable portion nodded in response, their expressions solemn. "As for those that only have a vague idea, or those that are truly not in the know, the type of equipment I am talking about are artifact replicas."
"These types of equipment can be categorized into three stages, namely Emulations, Imitations, and Replicas. These artifact replicas are what our two duelists shall be attempting to forge for today's forging duel."
"The artifact they shall choose to replicate are up to their own discretion." After saying these words, Julian then headed to an area that allowed him to get a view of the entire main hall while remaining hidden from the audience. Seeing that some people from the audience still looked around in search of his presence, Julian's voice soon resounded throughout the main hall, prompting everyone to focus their attention on the stage before him.
"You may now begin."
"Good luck." Saying these words to Valyr, Theraldine went ahead and began to light a fire in the furnace provided to her, keeping an eye on its temperature from time to time.
"Same to you." Unsurprisingly, the young man also gave the young woman his well wishes before putting all of his focus on the task at hand. Lighting a small flame that would kickstart the roaring flames of the furnace, the young man soon began to chuck in a great amount of fuel into it, fanning the flames as he gradually got the furnace up to the temperature he needed.
'Hmm… have I upgraded my forging skills yet? Not sure.' While continuing to watch the flames within the furnace getting to the required temperature needed for his materials, a thought surfaced within Valyr's mind, causing him to bring up his list of skills in front of him not long after.
'Huh. I haven't.' Wryly smiling as he asked himself why he hadn't prioritized upgrading his forging skills even after he had already gone through two batches of ten skills, Valyr decided to go ahead and upgrade all of his forging skills to the limit while the furnace was still in the midst of warming up.
Taking in a couple of deep breaths as he reminded himself that what he was doing was an incredibly stupid idea, the young man soon took out 10 Uncommon grade Skill Keys from his spatial bracelet before proceeding to upgrade all of his forging skills to Level 20, the maximum level that was possible for an Uncommon grade skill to have.
Whoosh!
"Mngh…" Instantly being bombarded by multiple waves of information that clashed in his mind, Valyr let out a faint groan as he sat down on the floor, trying to reduce the chances of him hurting himself as much as possible. Naturally, this action made quite a few from the audience look at the young man in curiosity, wondering to themselves why he had stopped focusing his attention on the furnace.
"How reckless." As for Julian, who was currently watching the two start up their respective furnaces, a bitter smile appeared on his face as he quickly realized what Valyr was doing. "You could've upgraded your skills while the stage was being prepared, you know."
"Oh well. I'm sure he knows what he's doing. After all, he wouldn't be doing it in the first place if he didn't." Though a hint of concern appeared on the man's expression, Julian eventually decided to wait and see what would happen, trusting that the young man knew the consequences of his actions.
"Haah… I am never going to do something like that in this kind of situation ever again." Fortunately, after the initial waves of information had subsided, Valyr had more or less regained control over his mind, allowing him to return most of his focus towards heating up the furnace whilst he continued to gain more information regarding his skills. "Then again, I really should have prioritized upgrading those before any of the combat skills I have."
"In any case…"
"Let's get this show on the road."
Chapter 462: The Forging Begins

Fwoosh! Fwoosh!
"Since I have all this time to think, I should probably go over the step-by-step process of forging the hammer again." With the information he had gained from upgrading his forging skills to their max level now processed and organized in his mind, Valyr focused all of his attention on stoking the flames once more whilst he muttered his thoughts to himself.
"There are three steps to forging the replica," said Valyr to himself, bringing up the blueprint he had created in his mind. "Wait, I was wrong. There are actually four steps to forging it."
"The first step is to obtain the purest essence of the four foundational elements from the materials I have requested specifically for this purpose." Continuing to watch the flames inside the furnace, the young man briefly shifted his gaze towards a nearby table where all of the materials he had requested were neatly laid out.
Focusing his sights on one specific group of materials, a faint confident smile appeared on the young man's smile as he sensed the aura of the four elements faintly emanating from them, waiting to burst out at any moment.
"After that, the second step is to find a way to have these four elements exist in harmony, while also making it seem that there was no element in the first place." Muttering these words, he then shifted his gaze to another group of materials he had chosen, taking in a deep breath as he thought about the difficulty of the task. "At my current rank, that's the best material I could work with that could make it happen."
"I really hope it becomes a success, even if partially."
"Ah. Time to chuck some of them in." Seeing that the flames within the furnace had finally reached the optimal temperature in his mind, Valyr went ahead and threw in quite a few of the materials he had requested, arranging them neatly within the furnace with a pair of tongs. "With this, I'll be able to keep track of which material goes where."
"Now, where was I?" Now returning to a state where he had to wait for something to complete before being able to make a move, Valyr sat on the provided chair as he continued muttering the steps of the blueprint to himself, making sure that he went over every possible detail in mind. "First is to bring out the purest essence of the elements, second is to fuse them and make them stable, then the third one would be…"
"Right. The third step is to forge a vessel that would be able to handle the energy from the four elements combined," said Valyr to himself, shifting his attention towards a group of materials on the table that were made up mostly of metals. "Since it would be difficult for a single material to hold all of that energy, it would be better for me to forge an alloy that would do it better."
"Of course, if I got my hands on some Refined Orichalcum, or even some Impure Orichalcum-Mithril Alloy, then that alone would have been more than enough to contain all of the energy."
"Then again, Refined Mithril is already a rarity to come across, even in a kingdom like this one, so I shouldn't be complaining, especially since I've gotten it for free." Recalling that he had not paid anything for the materials he would be using, Valyr reminded himself to be extremely careful in handling all of the materials, making sure that none of them would go to waste and would go towards the completion of his forging hammer.
"After I create the alloy and mold it into the shape of a forging hammer, the fourth and final step would be to fuse the elements and alloy together, making sure that the two fully meld with one another." As Valyr went over this step in his mind, the young man could not help but scratch the back of his head, wondering how high his chances of success would be if the time to actually do it eventually came.
Though his current stats had already exceeded the scope of what a normal Rank 2 class holder would have, Valyr got the odd feeling that it was still lacking in some way, recalling how high stats were back in his past life when he attempted to do something similar.
"If I remember correctly, all of the significant stats need in the forging process at the time were already in the four digits," Valyr muttered to himself, letting out a faint sigh soon after. "Even with that, I was only able to emulate around 3% of the properties of the forging artifact I chose."
"And I chose to forge one of the strongest legendary forging artifacts at that. One that was simpler to forge compared to the others, even."
"Well… since I'm attempting to forge the strongest among the strongest legendary forging artifacts, even successfully emulating a single percent of its original properties is more than enough to be considered a success." Deciding not to put too much pressure on himself, Valyr eventually stopped thinking about his attempts at forging artifact replicas from his past life, instead focusing his attention on what was in front of him as he threw a few more materials into the furnace a couple of minutes later.
"How are you holding up?" While keeping an eye on a couple of materials within the furnace that seemed close to reaching optimal forging temperature, Valyr heard Theraldine ask him a question, prompting him to look at her and respond.
"Doing well so far. How about you?"
"Also doing quite well. Gonna have to start hammering a couple of things in about a minute or so, though." As Theraldine said these words, she gave Valyr the feeling from her tone that the materials she had put in her furnace would actually take longer than a minute, and that she wanted to pass the time through conversation.
Unfortunately, Valyr wouldn't give him the chance to.
"Is that so? You should keep a closer eye on your materials, then." Reminding the young woman of the materials in her furnace, Valyr returned his attention to the furnace before him as he deftly used a pair of tongs to remove a couple of materials from the furnace that were ready to hammer.
"Refined Mithril and Hardened Manafrost." Valyr looked at the materials he had placed on the anvil, both of which were glowing a faint yellow-orange. After that, he grabbed the forging hammer that had been supplied to them and tossed it a few times to check its weight.
"Guess I'll start with the third step first." Inwardly nodding at the balance of the hammer in satisfaction, he then began to hammer the two materials flat, kickstarting the process in forging a replica of the Hammer of Primeval Origins.
Chapter 463: Forming The Alloy

Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!
At the very moment Valyr began to hammer the Refined Mithril and the Hardened Manafrost into the shapes he desired, a great portion of the audience had instantly shifted their attention towards the young man, curious as to what his initial steps were in order to gain an idea on the artifact that he wanted to emulate.
With a considerable portion of the audience being made up of blacksmiths affiliated with the Blacksmith Guild, around half of them looked at what the young man was doing with a solemn expression on their faces, their eyes now fixated on Valyr's every movement as the sound of metal clashing against metal reverberated throughout the main hall.
As for the other half of the blacksmiths and the remaining part of the audience that had no clue as to what Valyr was doing, the former group asked the more knowledgeable blacksmiths in their surroundings regarding Valyr's decision, causing almost all of them to go silent once they got an idea on how hard it would be for them to work with the materials the young man was working with.
On the other hand, the latter group mostly remained clueless, with some feigning a superficial level of understanding after listening to the more knowledgeable blacksmiths explain what the young man was doing. Nevertheless, with these people only coming to watch the forging duel as entertainment, almost all of them did not see the significance in Valyr's actions, deciding to switch between the two from time to time.
…
"Refined Mithril and Hardened Manafrost…" With the materials she had chucked first into her furnace still a couple of minutes away from reaching their optimal forging temperatures, Theraldine decided to take a look at what Valyr was doing after noticing the latter take out a couple of materials from his furnace.
Unsurprisingly, just like how the knowledgeable blacksmiths within the crowd had gone silent after seeing what the young man was working with, the young woman's expression had turned serious as well, watching the young man hammer out the two materials into flat sheets before stacking them on top of one another with a pair of tongs.
After that, she watched Valyr hammer the stacked sheets a bit more, instantly figuring out his intent of wanting the properties of the two materials to fuse and resonate as he eventually placed the combined stack back into the furnace for it to get to optimal temperature once more.
"Is he going to make a replica of a magic artifact?" Seeing as a bit of time would pass before Valyr would make another move, Theraldine began to ponder over the possible artifacts the young man had chosen to emulate as she took out her own materials from the furnace, neatly placing all of them on the anvil.
Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!
Then, using the forging hammer she always used when forging special equipment, she began to hammer the heated materials into the shapes she desired, circulating a bit of mana through her hammer as the temperature within her station gradually rose by a couple of degrees in response.
"Well, whatever artifact he may have chosen, it definitely wouldn't be as good as emulating the Infernal Hammer." With these words lingering in her mind, she proceeded to put all of her focus in bringing out the fiery energy contained within the materials, preparing them in advance for the steps that were about to come.
…
"Mngh…" With the combined Refined Mithril and Hardened Manafrost glowing a bright yellow-orange once more, Valyr went ahead and grabbed the tongs he was provided for the duel before using it to fold the stack onto itself. Though the process had become somewhat easy thanks to the materials becoming pliable under the heat, it still took a great portion of his strength, as well as a bit more heat from the furnace, before he was eventually successful in doing so.
Clang!
"I'll have to fold the material onto itself one more time before adding Purified Skysteel into it." Taking out the folded stack from the furnace and dropping it on the anvil once more, Valyr began to hammer the rough alloy into a flat plate once more, infusing a bit more strength into his every strike compared to earlier. "After that, I'll fold the material two more times before adding Purified Aquastone."
"Then, after a couple more folds after I add in the Aquastone, I'll add Purified Terra Essence, with Purified Pyresteel being the last thing I add into the alloy a few folds after the Terra Essence." Going over the process of creating the alloy he thought that would be capable of handling the energy of the four elements in unison, a wry smile gradually crept up the young man's face as he realized then and there that it would take quite some time for him to successfully create the final alloy.
"Huu…" Taking in a few deep breaths to compose himself, Valyr soon put all of his concentration into the alloy he was creating, swiftly hammering down the alloy to a thickness that would allow him to fold the alloy on itself once more.
Placing the folded and flattened alloy back into the furnace, the young man decided to throw in the materials he had listed down earlier into the furnace to get them up to optimal forging temperature in advance. With that, he also placed the materials he would need for the first step of the forging process inside the furnace, placing them closer to the source of the heat as they needed far more heat to reach their ideal temperatures.
With all of that said, Valyr began to move in a pattern that consisted of him waiting for the alloy to reach the ideal temperature, folding the alloy on itself once it did, and then hammering it down flat before proceeding to do it all over again. With the alloy being folded on itself two times so far, the young man added Purified Skysteel into the alloy after flattening it out, only to hammer the whole thing down to a certain thickness before chucking the whole thing into the furnace again.
As for Theraldine, she had fallen into some sort of pattern as well, consisting of her chucking in materials into her furnace, waiting for it to get to its ideal temperature before taking it out and hammering it out the shape she needed for the forging process. While doing so, she would use her mana to coax the energy from deep within the materials to arise, causing the temperature in her surroundings to continue climbing higher and higher.
With both sides more or less fully engrossed in what they were doing as the sounds of forging echoed throughout the main hall, the crowd watched as both Valyr and Theraldine worked on their respective items, seeing them gradually progress through it as more and more time passed.
Eventually, by the time the sun had moved past its zenith, one of the two put their hammer to the side as they looked at the item that was in front of them with a satisfied smile, wiping out the sweat that covered their entire forehead in the process.
"Finally."
"It's done."
"Time to move onto the first step."
Chapter 464: Boundless Origin Alloy

?α?dαs| ?
"Hyup." Wiping off the bits of dirt that stuck onto his hand as he placed the final material for the first step into the furnace, Valyr nodded in satisfaction. "As long as I keep the heat at a temperature that's slightly lower than optimal, I'll have more than enough time to work with all of the elements needed for the first step."
"In any case, creating the alloy was a lot of work." Letting out a low sigh as he sat down on a chair, Valyr grabbed his portion of food that had been provided for the two of them during the forging duel and began to stuff his mouth with it. "Having to make sure that the materials corresponding to the four elements were fully separated definitely took up most of the time I used to create it."
"Well, aside from having to wait for it to reach its optimal temperature, of course." While mulling over the entire process of creating the replica of the Hammer of Primeval Origins from scratch once more, Valyr eventually finished the food he was eating, giving him the necessary energy to continue with his work.
Deciding to make use of the time he had while idly waiting for the materials in the furnace to reach the right temperature, Valyr took a look at the alloy he had forged for the third step in closer detail, activating the hyperfocus ability attached to [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] in the process.
"There's still a lot of imperfections on the surface," muttered the young man to himself, briefly scratching the back of his head as he thought that now was a good time to fix it. "Aside from that, I haven't even checked the alloy through [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] and checked if the entire alloy was in one cohesive form."
"[True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight]." Taking in a deep breath, he then proceeded to activate his other imperfection searching skill alongside [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], allowing him to see every minute detail on and within the alloy he had forged that seemed to be out of place.
"Yeesh. And I thought I was already thorough without it." In an instant, Valyr was greeted by the sight of the alloy containing multiple areas on its surface and within its internals that were of a different color from the majority.
However, unlike the previous times where he had used [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] to look at the imperfections of his previous works, the mismatched colors he could see through the skill had instead taken on the color of a specific element, prompting him to wonder whether the imperfection was due to an imbalance in the elements.
"Well, whatever it may be, it wouldn't sit well with me for the alloy to be this rough." With his mind set on refining the alloy even further, the young man chucked it into the furnace without hesitation before proceeding to stoke the flames, increasing the heat to a temperature that it would rarely operate in.
Keeping his eyes on the alloy with both skills activated, Valyr watched as the mismatched colors across the alloy began to disappear under the heat of the furnace, eliciting a slight relieved smile on his face to appear as he also kept the other materials he had thrown into the furnace in mind.
"Ah!" Seeing that some of the mismatched colors had returned on the alloy after being exposed to heat for a prolonged time, the young man swiftly took out the alloy with a pair of tongs and plopped it onto the anvil, focusing on the imperfections on its surface by hammering it down.
Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!dαs `n?ν?| сom
Under the rhythmic noise of his hammering, more and more of the mismatched colors on the alloy gradually disappeared under his vision, causing Valyr to be glad as the alloy was transforming into one cohesive material. Repeating the process of heating the alloy and hammering its imperfections a couple more times, the alloy eventually showed one cohesive color under the young man's gaze, prompting him to grin as he inwardly let out a sigh of relief.
'With how thorough I've been in making sure that the material was harmonious from all sides, I'm certain that the chances of me being able to successfully emulate the Hammer of Primeval Origins has increased.' Sitting down to take a quick break as he watched Theraldine do her own thing, Valyr went through a couple of things in his mind regarding the forging process.
'Perhaps, it would even allow me to emulate more of the artifact's original properties.'
'Now that I think about it, I based this alloy off of the alloy she used to create the Hammer of Primeval Origins.' As this thought lingered in his mind, Valyr recalled Theraldine from his past life, vividly remembering her working with an alloy that had features similar to the alloy he was making, but better in all aspects. 'However, she didn't bother naming the alloy, even though it could be used in far more equipment than just the hammer.'
'Hmm… should I give it a name, then?' Pondering over the question for a bit, Valyr eventually decided to do so, wanting to flex his naming sense as he thought long and hard over the perfect name that would encapsulate the alloy's properties. 'Since it was made to hold the energy of four elements at once, it could be said that the alloy has a large capacity when it comes to storing or handling energy. Adding limitless or boundless would definitely fit its name.'
'Aside from that, its original purpose is to act as the main material for what would eventually become the Hammer of Primeval Origins, so it would only make sense if I were to add something to the name that signified its relation to the artifact.' Briefly glancing at the furnace, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he continued to think. 'Then again, it could also be said that the alloy has something to do with the four elements…'
'Limitless… Primeval Origin… Boundless…'
"Huh. Boundless Origin Alloy as a name doesn't sound half bad." Feeling the thoughts in his mind eventually click, Valyr had a proud smile on his face as he became satisfied with the name he had come up with. Taking a quick look at the alloy that now went under a new name, he then shifted his gaze back to the furnace, noticing that one of the materials was ready to be taken out from the furnace.
"Alright."
"Time to actually move onto the first step."
Chapter 465: Visitor From Distant Lands

Whilst both Theraldine and Valyr were hard at work in forging their respective artifact replicas, Julian watched the two from an area that allowed him to look at the entire main hall with a proud smile on his face, his expectations regarding the proficiency of the two towards forging more than subverted.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
"You know, you could've just informed me you two were arriving instead of deciding to show up out of nowhere." Though he sensed the presences of two people appearing behind him, the middle-aged man did not bother turning his head around to look at them, instead speaking at them with an amused smile on his face.
"You know, we were hard at work forging a couple of masterwork weapons for the empire's higher-ups, right?" In response to Julian's words, one of the two people, a man that looked to be in his early thirties, placed his hand on his forehead as he shook his head with a sigh. "If not for the fact that you said we'd be able to see the candidate you've chosen for the inheritance, as well as the fact that we just finished forging those weapons, we wouldn't have come."
"Oh, come on, Byron. Don't be like that." Hearing the man's words, Julian let out a bit of laughter as he gestured for the two to sit down beside him. Fortunately, the two that had arrived did not decline the man's gesture, sitting themselves beside the man sometime later.
With him getting a better look at the two that had arrived, Julian went ahead and posed a question to the two. "So, it wouldn't be wrong for me to assume that your list of orders on which weapons to craft still aren't finished, right?"
"With the orcs possibly planning a giant offensive at some point in the future, you're correct." Wearing a dark blue suit that normally wouldn't be worn by a blacksmith, Byron, a man with silver hair and dark brown eyes, flashed a bitter smile in response as he pointed at the woman that came along with her. "If not for her, I would've probably had no choice but to decline your invitation to come here. She's the reason why I could finish so many masterwork weapons at once."
"Oh?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity, Julian looked at the woman that came alongside Byron, only to stare at the woman with his mouth slightly agape.
Sporting a head of long and luscious dark red-violet hair, the woman had a pair of light green irises that seemed to be able to peer through the entirety of Julian's body, something that greatly contrasted the woman's calm yet faint smile.
Similar to Byron, the woman was also in a get-up that would not normally be worn by a blacksmith, wearing a dark gray turtleneck shirt under a thick white coat that resembled what one would see researchers wear back on Earth. From how Julian stared at her, it went without saying that the woman was a beauty through and through, with her age and demeanor only highlighting that even further.
"Though I don't mind if you stare at me for a bit more, you do have a competition to arbitrate." Letting out a faint amused chuckle in response to Julian's staring, the woman prompted the former to focus his attention back to the matter at hand.
"Ah, right. My apologies." Awkwardly chuckling in response, Julian shifted his gaze back to the tournament, only to turn his head back at the woman. "To be honest, I assumed that the person that would be coming with Byron was someone he and I both knew."
"If you're referring to Sir Calvin, then he's still busy with forging masterwork weapons, I'm afraid," said the woman in response with a slightly apologetic smile. "Though I did come alongside Sir Byron out of convenience, if you want, I could take Sir Calvin's place as an arbiter for the forging duel happening below."
"Well, since Byron has brought you along with him, then that in itself is enough for me to understand that your skills are more than enough to be a judge of the works of the two." Looking at Byron, who nodded back at him in response, Julian nodded at the woman as he took her up on her offer. "Since that's the case, would you mind letting me know who you are so I could get to know you better?"
"My first name is Mystia, and my family name is Aschel. I am currently 53 years old, though they say I look to be perpetually in my thirties." Agreeing to Julian's request with a smile, the woman gave him a respectful half bow as she softly giggled. "Aside from that, I'm currently working alongside Sir Byron in forging masterwork weapons as an assistant when it comes to applying mana circuits onto the weapons."
"Wait a second…" Just as he was about to greet the woman with a warm smile, the words the woman had spoken to him clicked in Julian's mind all of a sudden, prompting him to go silent as he looked at her with slightly narrowed eyes. "First name Mystia, last name Aschel… Mystia Aschel…"
"You're telling me… no way…" Seeing the woman smile at him, as if she was expecting the man to be informed of her identity, the expression on Julian's face transformed into that of shock as he turned his head to look at his good friend. "You're actually working with the Meltierre Heavenly Court's Imperial Alchemist?!"
"Well, it would be more accurate to say that she requested to work alongside me," replied Byron as he gave a slightly smug grin. "Either way, I am indeed working with her for the time being."
"How did that even happen in the first place…?" Feeling great disbelief from the matter, it took a while for Julian to snap back to reality, taking quite a lot of deep breaths before being able to do so.
"If you don't mind, I could talk about it while we continue taking a look at the forging duel," suggested Mystia in response. "After all, it wouldn't be fair if the winner of the duel was chosen due to lack of information."
"Talking about it would definitely help time pass…" Though Julian was slightly hesitant at first, the man eventually agreed to the proposition, causing Mystia to smile at him in response, which briefly left him at a slight loss for words. Clearing his throat as he felt his face slightly heat up, he turned his head to look back at Theraldine at Valyr, who were still both hard at work in completing their respective replicas.
"Before I begin narrating how Sir Byron and I eventually ended up working together, would you mind informing me on who the two currently dueling are?" While Julian intently looked at what the two were doing, he heard Mystia ask a question towards him, to which he responded with a faint nod as he opened his mouth.
"The girl on the right part of the stage is my daughter, Theraldine," said Julian with a warm smile on his face. "She's my pride and joy, as well as the pride and joy of the entire Pyrrhia clan due to her comprehending the [Dea Pyrrhia Forging Arts]."
"And the young man on the left?"
"Now that one…" Julian let out laughter. "That one's special."
"In what way?"
"Well… for one, he's the one I've picked to enter the upcoming Four Pillars' Inheritance."
Chapter 466: Bringing Out the Elements

"Yeouch. That's hot." Taking out one of the materials from the furnace with a pair of tongs, Valyr took a long look at the material he was going to work with as he plopped it onto the anvil. From one perspective, it was a material that signified the pinnacle of Wind-attribute materials within Valyr's capabilities, exuding a strong aura of Wind element even after undergoing through the furnace.
However, from another, the material looked like nothing more than a ton of light green feathers stuck together and had clumped up into a ball.
"The Griffin Tempest Orb," muttered Valyr to himself, bringing up memories from his past life regarding the method on how to prepare it for the second step of the forging process. "With how sensitive it is, even the slightest touch from any tool I use would cause it to release a strong gust of wind in my direction."
"With that, I have to find a way to dull out its sensitivity first before working on it." Closing his eyes as he contemplated over the method he would use to go about doing so, the young man also thought about the first step of the forging process in detail.
Though he said to himself earlier that the first step of the process would be to obtain the purest essence from the four foundational elements and combine it with a couple more materials to complete the second step, what he was actually doing was prepping and priming the materials he had specifically chosen to represent the four foundational elements, allowing them to be at their strongest state before proceeding with the second step.
"Hmm… if I remember correctly, smothering it with a lot of mana has a good chance of dulling its sensitivity." Going through a couple of methods that had come to mind, Valyr went ahead and swiftly surrounded the Griffin Tempest Orb with a great amount of mana… only for all of it to dissipate in an instant under a strong yet brief gust from the orb as retaliation.
"Wait a second… was the method actually trying to bombard it with mana from all sides instead?" Seeing that his first idea was unsuccessful, the young man swiftly moved onto the other method that came to mind. With that, he expended a great portion of his mana once more, raining down a barrage of mana bolts towards the orb in hopes of being able to prepare it.
Unfortunately…
Swoosh!
Just like the first method, the effort Valyr had put into the second method was swiftly negated as the orb retaliated with a gust of wind that blew in all directions, rendering all of the other methods Valyr recalled that were in same vein useless.
"Of course, touching it with a physical object won't work either…" With him not making any headway in progressing through the first step, the gears in Valyr's mind madly turned as he pondered over more possible ways of approaching the Griffin Tempest Orb. "I would assume that touching it with both physical objects and mana at the same time wouldn't work as well…"
"…but what if I used Shadow Energy?" Eventually, a radical thought popped up in Valyr's mind, his curiosity towards its feasibility at its peak the very moment it appeared. "Aside from it being a whole different energy from mana, the approach in manipulating it is different as well."
"…I guess it won't hurt to try." Deciding to test it out, Valyr summoned the Shadow Energy that was stored in the small black mass near his heart, giving it the permission to course throughout his body as he felt a faint bit of his strength decreasing.
Unperturbed by the sudden onset of weakness, he then coaxed the Shadow Energy to appear outside his body before proceeding to head straight towards the Griffin Tempest Orb, blanketing its entire surface.
Whoosh!
"Huh." Expecting to feel a strong gust of wind blow at him once more, Valyr was left quite surprised when he did not receive any retaliation from the orb at all, prompting him to look at the outcome of his experiment.
Rather than a ball of light green feathers appearing on top of the anvil, what the young man saw before him was a pitch-black ball that seemed to absorb all of the light in its surroundings, emitting a nefarious aura that contained traces of death and destruction to it.
Scratching the back of his head for a bit from the sheer surprise of how simple the solution was with his current means, Valyr decided not to waste time and used the Shadow Energy to prime the Griffin Tempest Orb for the second step, removing all of the feathers that were on its surface, eventually revealing the pure green core that slumbered within.
"With that done, up next is the Infernal Magma Core." Moving the green core to the side for now, placing it within what seemed to be a container specifically made for the core, Valyr soon turned his attention back to the furnace, taking out what looked to be a rough dark sphere that was oozing with lava.
"After preparing the Infernal Magma Core, there's still the Azure Halcyon Essence and the Starstrike Terra Crystal." Going through his treasure trove of memories to see if he had any methods to prepare the Infernal Magma Core, Valyr also thought about the two other items he would be working with for the first step, keeping them in the back of his mind at all times.
"Hmm… though I don't seem to recall any specific methods to refine this material, it really wouldn't be wise of me to use the usual rough-handed methods for Fire-attribute materials, especially if it's something as precious as this." Surprisingly, after rummaging through his memories for quite some time, a dumbstruck expression appeared on Valyr's face, scratching the back of his head as he slightly frowned, wondering whether he should risk wasting the material or not.
"Ah, right." Fortunately, it only took a glance to the side for him to scratch out that possibility entirely, noticing that Theraldine was waiting for some of her materials in her furnace to be ready for forging.
"Hey, Theraldine. I have a question." Deciding that now was the perfect opportunity, Valyr went ahead and called for the young woman's attention, to which she looked back at him in slight curiosity.
"What is it?" asked Theraldine in response.
"Do you perhaps know the methods to refine an Infernal Magma Core?"
·?θm "An Infernal Magma Core?" Raising her eyebrow in curiosity at the question, Theraldine looked at what Valyr was doing, only to notice that the young man was in the midst of working with the item he was currently asking about.
At first, the thought of giving Valyr false information appeared in her mind, considering that the two were competing to see who among them was the better blacksmith when it came to forging artifact replicas. However, after recalling the rules of the forging duel, as well as the fact that the young man had given her information on forging artifacts even though they had only interacted for a short time, she eventually decided otherwise.
"Well… to refine an Infernal Magma Core, you need to smother it with mana, applying pressure on it and compacting the entire thing smaller and smaller until it turns into a pure red crystal."
"Is that so? Any tips on how I would go about that?"
"If you don't have enough mana control, or if the amount of mana you have is lacking, you could go about compacting the core in sections. Though it would impact the quality of the final product slightly, it would still be a better outcome than the core transforming into dust."
"I see. So that's how it is, huh… thanks!"
Chapter 467: Bringing Out More Elements

'Huh. To think the method actually isn't any different from the other methods I recall for Fire-attribute materials.' Pondering over Theraldine's advice as he looked at the ground for a bit, Valyr eventually flashed a smile at the young woman as he gave her his words of thanks before returning his attention to the rough dark sphere on top of his anvil.
"Anyways, I have to make a choice. Either I smother it with mana, or refine it in sections." Briefly surprised by the fact that the anvil had not even melted a bit under the heat being released by the Infernal Magma Core, the young man swiftly returned his train of thought to what was important, deciding to go with the option of covering the entire thing in mana first.
Whoosh!
"Mn…" Letting out a faint groan as he had a weird sensation that part of the insides felt completely empty, Valyr focused his attention on the mana he had coaxed out of his body, sending thousands upon thousands of points of his precious mana towards the Infernal Magma Core.
Fwoosh! Fwoosh!
Unexpectedly, enveloping the entire core in mana had worked for the young man, allowing him to shave off a few layers of the core's surface as he felt the heat that the core was exuding faintly increased in temperature.
"Well, that was easier than I thought." Muttering these words to himself as he was glad towards his newfound success, Valyr continued to apply more pressure on the Infernal Magma Core through his mana, shaving off more and more of the layers making up the rough dark appearance of the core.
In fact, at some point, parts of the rough dark sphere had been completely removed, allowing Valyr to take a look at the condensed lava that slumbered within the core's center.
Excited by the sight, the young man exerted a bit more pressure onto the core through the mana he was manipulating, wanting to finish the priming process faster in order to proceed with the two other materials he had to work with for the first step. However, rather than the core cooperating with his actions…
Fwoom!
Out of nowhere, the condensed lava within the core had retaliated against the mana Valyr had used to envelop the core, burning all of it off into nonexistence. After that, a few bits of lava sputtered out of the area that contained the condensed lava, forming holes into what was considerably tough ground.
"I guess I jinxed it." Scratching the back of his head as he looked at the aftermath, while still being surprised that even lava was not enough to deform the anvil he was using, Valyr let out a low sigh while wryly smiling as he thought about the safe method Theraldine had mentioned to him earlier, sitting down on the provided chair for the meantime to recuperate all of the mana he had lost.
"Hmm… while I wait for all of my mana to come back, I might as well prime and prep the two other materials first, considering that the two are more mellow in nature compared to the Griffin Tempest Orb and the Infernal Magma Core." Staring at the inside of the furnace for a while as he allowed his body to absorb the ambient mana within the surroundings, Valyr eventually stood up at some point and moved the partly refined Infernal Magma Core back into the furnace with a pair of tongs, saving it for later.
After that, he took out the Azure Halcyon Essence and Starstrike Terra Crystal from the furnace, plopping them both on the anvil as he set a timer in his mind as to how much time he had before the Infernal Magma Core would have its properties ruined.
"Let's see here…" Rubbing his hands together as his expression turned solemn, Valyr looked at the two items on the anvil before rummaging through his treasure trove of memories in a bid to find the methods needed to refine the two materials into their purest forms.
"I'll start with you, then." Fortunately, it only took less than a minute for Valyr to find the refining method for Azure Halcyon Essence, picking up the Starstrike Terra Crystal with the tongs before placing it near the edge of the anvil, reminding himself that both of the materials were still scalding hot after sitting in the furnace for a long time.
With that in mind, Valyr took in a deep breath as he manipulated some of the mana he had recovered to head towards his hands, forming a couple of layers of protection over it as he intertwined the layers of mana together. Then, after making sure that the chances of his hands being burned were slim to none, the young man picked up the Azure Halcyon Essence, stared at it directly and…
Crash!
Forming a stark contrast to its appearance as a ball of hazy blue mist, the Azure Halcyon Essence made a sound similar to what one would hear when glass shards were being broken as Valyr exerted a great amount of its strength in compressing it.
Within seconds, most of the hazy blue mist making up the essence had dissipated into thin air, leaving behind a teardrop-shaped gem that contained the purest Water element the young man had seen so far in his current life.
"With that done, I only have the Starstrike Terra Crystal and the Infernal Magma Core left." Glancing at the two items that remained hindrances towards his completion of the first step of the forging process, Valyr swiftly moved the Starstrike Terra Crystal back to the center of the anvil, admiring the crystals making up the entire material as they formed a dazzling array of colors under the rays of the sun.
Though, not long after…
Crash!
Similar to the method Valyr had used to refine the Azure Halcyon Essence into the teardrop-shaped gem, the method he had rummaged from his memories regarding the refining method for Starstrike Terra Crystal was of the same vein. However, unlike in the Azure Halcyon Essence, where he used all of his strength in compressing it, he instead pressed down on the crystal with both hands, sending a great mana through his palms as it eventually cracked after being inundated with his mana.
Gradually, the vestigial parts of the Starstrike Terra Crystal fell off on their own, leaving a great amount of earth-colored crystals on the ground until a dark gray nugget the size of a single piece of popcorn was the only thing that remained on the anvil.
"Three down, then," said Valyr to himself, briefly scratching the back of his head as he placed all of the refined materials into one spot on a nearby table.
After making sure that none of them would be tampered with by external forces such as the wind or the weather, Valyr returned his gaze once more towards the partly refined Infernal Magma Core, retrieving it out of the furnace as he plopped it down on the anvil.
"Well…"
"You're the only material out of the four that I've yet to successfully refine."
"Hopefully you cooperate with me this time around."
Chapter 468: Primeval Origin Crystal

"Phew." Wiping off the sweat from the forehead, Theraldine looked at the item she had forged with a proud smile on her face, placing her forging hammer to the side.
Making up the portion of the Infernal Hammer replica that would make contact with the equipment she would forge in the future, the young woman admired the craftsmanship she had put into making the hammer's head, with grooves and veins that glowed between red and orange covering its entire surface.
"With the head finally done, I only need to connect the shaft, make sure that there's no problem with the balance of the entire thing, and I'll be finished with forging my emulation of the Infernal Hammer." Deciding to take a bit of rest for the meantime after hammering for who knows how long, Theraldine sat on the chair and pondered over her next few steps, only to wonder how much progress Valyr had made with his own artifact replica.
"Huh." Within an instant, a slightly dumbfounded look appeared on the young woman's face, noticing that not even the skeletal structure of the replica the young man wanted to make was anywhere to be found. From her point of view, the only thing Valyr had made so far was a block of metal that seemed to contain unique properties, as well as a couple of refined materials that were attuned to a certain element.
"At this point, I seriously wouldn't be surprised if he was trying to create a replica of a magic artifact." Muttering these words to herself, Theraldine thought back to the times where she had to forge weapons that were attuned to magic, recalling that many of them took far more time compared to her forging physical weapons.
Seeing that the young man was in the process of whittling down the Infernal Magma Core to its refined form, Theraldine looked at the materials Valyr had made so far one more time before pondering over the possible artifacts he had chosen to replicate. "The four basic elements, and then a unique block of metal… could he be possibly aiming to create the Grand Origin Scepter?"
"Considering its difficulty, it's definitely harder to forge a replica of it when compared to something like the Infernal Hammer… unless if he was well-versed in controlling mana." Though a few artifacts had popped up in the young woman's mind, she eventually thought that Valyr was making the Grand Origin Scepter, an artifact well-known for ascending any basic elementalist to the peak of the world with its innate strength. "However, in terms of how strong it is compared to the Infernal Hammer in its field… the Infernal Hammer definitely has it beat."
"Well, guess I'll have to wait and see if he does forge it." Feeling that she had recuperated enough energy, Theraldine stood up once more as she prepared her mind for the final step of her forging process.
The completion of her replica.
…
"Agh… I'm finally done with this piece ofcrud." Letting out a groan and a wide sigh of relief simultaneously, Valyr plopped his butt down on the chair as he tossed the item he had put a great amount of time into onto a nearby table, being a small crystal that looked to be far redder than even rubies.
"With this, I can finally move onto the second step." Deciding to take some time to rest, Valyr briefly looked at the furnace, whose insides were currently empty, and thought about the mind-numbing and tedious task he had put himself into earlier, which was the refining of the Infernal Magma Core.
Listening to the advice Theraldine had given him earlier, Valyr went ahead and used his mana to refine the core in sections, removing the outer layers of the rough dark sphere in a certain spot as the condensed lava that slumbered within was eventually revealed.
At first, the young man put in quite a lot of his attention towards making sure that the refinement process was going smoothly, keeping an eye that his mana was all being diverted towards a singular spot. However, after about half an hour or so of fully focusing on the core, he eventually became sick of the task and tried his best to not lose focus.
"Well, if it's any consolation, I'm getting closer and closer to getting my hands of a replica of the Hammer of Primeval Origins." Letting out a faint sigh that contained hints of regret, Valyr psyched himself for the two remaining steps of the forging process, turning his head to take a look and see if a portion of the audience that surrounded them earlier had left by this point.
Unsurprisingly, with how much time the two had taken to forge their respective crafts, a considerable portion of the audience that was clueless as to what the two were doing had left the Blacksmith Guild's main hall and went off to do their own things.
As for those that remained, even as the two were about an hour and a half from approaching sunset and still not being finished with their work, most of them were blacksmiths either affiliated or not affiliated with the Blacksmith Guild, all of them intently watching the two complete their respective artifact replicas.
"Alright, time to get a move on. The hammer won't finish by itself." Feeling that he had regained enough energy to move about after resting for a few minutes, Valyr stood up from the chair and proceeded to chuck in around three-fourths of the remaining materials from the list of materials he had requested into the forge, stoking the flames not long after.
"Fortunately, unlike the first step and the third step, the second step is incredibly simple to do so," muttered Valyr to himself, going over the second step's process as he kept an eye on the things inside the forge. "As long as the materials are sufficiently melted to flow like liquid, I'll be able to complete the second step easily."
With how the first step consisted of him preparing the elements in their purest form, the second step acted as a sort of continuation, wherein he would refine the elements even further while connecting them to one another by using materials that contained properties of two elements at once.
Then, once all of the elements were sufficiently connected, he would then encapsulate the entire thing in a material that would allow him to harness the energy of any of the elements at any time, creating a crystal that would power the entire forging hammer once everything was complete.
With it being the most distinctive feature of the Hammer of Primeval Origins Theraldine used to wield in his past life, Valyr could still remember the name many players and NPCs had given it, as well as the saying that came along with it.
"The crystal that started it all… the crystal that brought forth the eternal rise of the Goddess of the Forge." said Valyr to himself.
"The Primeval Origin Crystal."
Chapter 469: Piecing It Together

"Alright. Looks like all of them are ready." After keeping an eye on the furnace for about half an hour or so, maintaining a consistent temperature within it all throughout, Valyr took a look at the materials he had chucked into the furnace sometime earlier, only to see that all of them had finally reached their molten states.
"Let me just set up everything first." Leaving the furnace for the meantime, Valyr grabbed the four items he had refined during the first step and placed them on the anvil in a diamond pattern, making sure that there was a considerable amount of space between them.
After that, he went ahead and grabbed one of the remaining materials he had requested, being a heat-resistant type of clay, and create a perimeter around the four items to make sure that none of the molten materials he would pouring over them would spill out.
Seeing that the final perimeter was more or less affixed to the anvil, he then proceeded to create smaller perimeters of clay around the items, forming them in a way that would connect only one of the items to the other.
"Alright, let's begin." Taking in a couple of deep breaths, Valyr grabbed a pair of tongs and proceeded to retrieve one of the materials out of the furnace, making sure to not spill any of the contents.
"First, Molten True Aquaflame Steel." Letting out a long, drawn-out sigh to make his hands stop trembling, the young man activated the hyperfocus ability of [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] and [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] at the same time, changing his visions of the item on the anvil into that of different colors as he proceeded to pour the molten metal on top of the items that represented the Fire and Water element.
Fshhhh…
Slowly tipping over the container that held the Molten True Aquaflame Steel, Valyr watched as two of the colors on the anvil gradually combined to form a single color as he gradually poured the Molten True Aquaflame Steel over them. At times, a few splotches of differing colors appeared due to him pouring a bit more of the molten material than he should have, thus he adjusted by reducing his pouring speed to where the colors would have time to become unified once more.
"Next, Molten Azure Sand." Getting a good idea of how fast he should pour the molten materials onto the items he had refined for the first step, Valyr went ahead and moved onto the second molten material he had pour, now keeping a close eye on how fast he was pouring to make sure everything came out in a unified color.
"Phew. Time for the Molten Tempest Meteor Fragments." Seeing that a homogenous color connected three of the four items he had refined so far, Valyr became a bit more careful in pouring the third molten material onto the anvil, which connected the Earth element to the Wind element with its properties.
Fshhhh…
"And to complete the cycle, Molten Magma Zephyr Crystals." Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief as the third molten material had not broken the homogenous color in any way, Valyr then proceeded to pour the fourth and final molten material that would allow the four elements to mingle with one another, making sure that the speed of his pour was consistent throughout.
Whoosh!
Surprisingly, at the very moment he was finished pouring the final drop of molten material on the anvil, the entire piece shone a myriad number of colors, eliciting the attention of the entire audience to shift towards Valyr as they wondered what he had done. Even Valyr was left staring at the item he had made in slight awe, not expecting a light show to appear whatsoever.
By the time the item had stop shining its lights, finally allowing everyone to feel the pureness of the four elements that was contained in the item, the young man removed the clay that surrounded the item during the pouring process, double checking if he had removed every bit of clay on the anvil in preparation for the process that would complete the second step.
"With the four elements connected to one another, the only thing left is to encapsulate it and turn it into a crystal." Taking out the only container that remained within the furnace all this time, Valyr tightly gripped onto the pair of tongs he was holding as he gradually moved the container a few centimeters above the item he had made.
"Molten Lesser Origin Fragment. Even if I wanted to get my hands on some of these, I wouldn't be able to." Taking in a couple of deep breaths to keep his composure, Valyr looked at his hands, which were now slightly trembling once again. "I definitely have to thank the Blacksmith Guild for giving me access to these materials."
"And that's why I'll repay them by showing them a replica of an artifact that would only appear in the future." Letting out yet another long and drawn-out sigh to stop his hands from trembling, Valyr soon began to pour the Molten Lesser Origin Fragments over the entire thing, keeping an eye on his pouring speed to make sure that the color would stay homogenous all throughout.
Fshhhh…
As the Molten Lesser Origin Fragments came into contact with the item Valyr had made, a faint sizzling sound resounded throughout the workshop, prompting a solemn expression to appear on Valyr's face as a brief hint of concern appeared in his mind, wondering if he was doing everything correctly.
Fortunately, by the time the final drops of Molten Lesser Origin Fragments he had been pouring all this time left the container, he obtained his answer.
Whoosh!
Once the Molten Lesser Origin Fragments had settled into place, the item released a great amount of light once more, slightly blinding everyone that was looking at Valyr's workshop as all of the items seemed to have taken on a single color for a brief moment. Not long after, this color changed to another one, only to go through multiple colors in a row before eventually landing on white, intensifying for a second before eventually disappearing.
Naturally, at this point, many of those in the audience, especially the blacksmiths, were curious as to what Valyr was trying to achieve. After all, almost all of them had come here to watch two people create a replica of the artifacts they had chosen.
Of course, it wouldn't be long until Valyr showed the crowd the audience he had chosen, deactivating both [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] and [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] as he grinned at the crystal he had created.
"Alrighty."
"Time to piece it all together."
Chapter 470: Forge Complete

Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!
As the sounds of metal colliding against metal faintly resounded through Theraldine's portion of the stage, the young woman eventually put the hammer she was wielding to the side, wiping off the beads of sweat dripping down her forehead as she looked at the item she had forged with a wide smile.
"Finally… my crafts can now be elevated to a higher level."
Ding!
[You have successfully forged the item: Phoenix Forging Hammer (Emulation). Quality has been rated at Great.]
[The heavens have seen the effort you have put into your craft and thus rewards you accordingly. Your item has successfully gained part of the original properties of the artifact 'Infernal Hammer'.]
With the smile on her face only growing wider as she took a look at the notifications she had received, Theraldine took a close look at the forging hammer she had forged, which she was more than certain she was going to use in forging from now onwards.
Most of the hammer's head were covered in grooves and veins that faintly gave off a pulsating light that alternated between shades of red and orange, emanating the feeling of slight heat whenever one got close to it. Attached to the head was a finely crafted shaft made out of wood that could bear the constant heat being emanated by the head whenever it was used actively in forging.
With the wood carved in a way that it would be a perfect fit under Theraldine's grip, as well as a few additional touches on the handle here and there, the Phoenix Forging Hammer she had forged was not only a work that had a lot of aesthetic value to it, but also a lot of functionality behind its beautiful exterior.
"I was able to emulate 3% of the Infernal Hammer's original properties…" Examining the hammer she had just forged with her identification skill, an ecstatic expression swiftly appeared on Theraldine's face as she focused on the part she was most interested in. "I… actually did that?"
As the significance of her craft gradually sunk in her mind, the thought of Theraldine winning the forging duel between her and Valyr felt more certain, considering that she had successfully emulated what was basically one of the most well-renowned artifacts amongst blacksmiths.
However, when she turned her head to look at the audience and see if they were in awe of what she had done, almost all of them were instead staring at the item Valyr was forging, with thoughts of the young man's skills possibly not being up to par to Theraldine's already gone from their minds.
Slightly annoyed at how not even one of them spared a single glance that she had finished forging her item, Theraldine decided to take a look at what Valyr was doing for herself. "What is he even forging for everyone to stare at it so… intently…"
Thump!
At the very moment Theraldine laid her eyes at what seemed to be the skeletal structure of the artifact replica Valyr was forging, a heartbeat far stronger than she was normally accustomed to resounded within her body, causing her expression to become somewhat wide-eyed as she felt a feeling of familiarity towards the item.
No.
A feeling… that she was the rightful owner.
"What is going on…?" Not used to the feeling that she had just felt, Theraldine slightly shuddered as she gradually forgot about the feeling that had engrossed her into watching Valyr's forging process.
Taking a look once more at Valyr's item that was still a work in progress, she still felt a sense of familiarity towards it, as if she had seen it somewhere before. However, the feeling had now become less intense, prompting her to try and forget the weird feeling in the first place.
"So, he was actually creating a forging hammer all this time." Breathing deeply a couple of times to make sure the feeling thoroughly vanished, Theraldine finally noticed the general structure of the artifact replica Valyr was forging. "Though, I don't recall any of the top legendary forging artifacts having properties that suited the four basic elements."
"Well, I'm already done with my replica, and I'm pretty sure I'll win this duel..." Briefly scratching the back of her head, the young woman brought the chair to a spot that would allow her to see Valyr's process better before sitting down.
"Guess I'll watch him finalize everything."
…
Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!
"Finally! I can finally move onto the final step!" Letting out a long yet exasperated sigh, Valyr dropped the forging hammer he was using to the side as he took a look at the item he had been hammering all this time.
Heating up the Boundless Origin Alloy he had created and refined earlier in the furnace, the young man gradually hammered the entire block of alloy down into the shape of a forging hammer, having to contort his arms in various ways in the process to make sure that some areas were perfect.
Fortunately, with how high his DEX was for someone at the peak of Rank 2, as well as with both [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] and [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] active, he was successful in shaping the block into a rough yet exquisite-looking forging hammer, with only thirty minutes to spare before the sun began to set.
Taking a few deep breaths as he recuperated some of the energy he had expended in forging the hammer, Valyr took a brief glance at the audience, only to notice that all of them were staring at his portion of the stage. Faintly wondering what was going on, he shifted his gaze towards Theraldine's workshop, only to see that the young woman was watching him as well.
"All of us are waiting for you to finish your item," said Theraldine, conveying through her words that she was done with her item. "Don't mess up."
"I'll try." Bitterly smiling in response to the young woman's words, Valyr let out a low sigh as he took a look inside the furnace, specifically the only item that was in the furnace.
"Let's get this over with." After making sure that the Primeval Origin Crystal was at the ideal temperature to fuse it into the hammer made out of Boundless Origin Alloy, the young man went ahead and used a pair of tongs to pick up the crystal before inlaying it into the groove he had made on the hammer earlier, which was unexpectedly a perfect fit.
After that…
Whoosh!
…
…
…
Ding!
[Your title 'Forger of Epics' has activated, enhancing the properties of your forged item by one level.]
[You have successfully forged an artifact.]
Chapter 471: The Hammer Of Beginnings

At the very moment Valyr dropped the Primeval Origin Crystal on the groove he had made for it on the hammer, as if the two were made for each other, the crystal gradually melded with the Boundless Origin Alloy making up the hammer, allowing its properties to spread throughout the entire alloy.
Concurrently, the crystal slightly sunk into the hammer, allowing the still hot Boundless Origin Alloy to form a lip around the crystal, holding it in place.
For a couple of seconds, small and thin veins that had colors signifying the four basic elements covered the entire hammer, prompting Valyr to pay close attention to the forging hammer, hoping in his mind that it would be a resounding success.
Fortunately for him...
Whoosh!
At the very moment all of the veins disappeared on the hammer's surface, the forging hammer radiated a blinding silver light, covering the entire main hall in the color as the hammer started to hover off of the anvil it was on.
Ding!
[Your title 'Forger of Epics' has activated, enhancing the properties of your forged item by one level.]
'Huh. Definitely wasn't expecting that to trigger. Especially since this is the first item I'm making after getting the title... if I remember correctly.' Hearing a notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr took a look at the notification he had received, prompting him to bring up the title in question on the side.
Ding!
[Forger of Epics] (Title)
Rarity: Epic
Countless blacksmiths have forged items and equipment that have been used by the masses for ages. However, only a small portion of these blacksmiths have the skill, experience, and knowhow to bring these forged items to a far higher tier, ascending to a level where any of their work could be regarded as better than the rest.
As someone who has successfully forged an Epic grade item, you have been regarded as one of these people, with your skill easily swaying thousands from all parts of the world just so they could be able to use your work.
Effects:
> Allows the title holder to gain an intrinsic understanding regarding any equipment forged
> Allows the title holder to gain a general understanding of materials and items related to forging high-level and high-rarity items
> Increases the base stat of any equipment forged by the title holder by 5%
> Reduces the time it takes for the title holder to forge equipment by 10%
> Gives the title holder a small chance to awaken the potential of any equipment being forged, enhancing the properties of the equipment being forged by one level
Closing the screen that he had brought up, he then returned his attention to the hammer he had just finished forging, noticing that the light had now changed to a deep gold color. At this point, he turned his head to look at Theraldine to his left, who currently had her mouth slightly agape at the sight that was happening before him.
Faintly chuckling to himself as he heard a notification sound resound in his mind once more, Valyr thought about how the chances of him winning the forging duel were now more or less guaranteed thanks to the activation of [Forger of Epics].
'Then again, even with the title not activating, I'm still quite sure I'd be able to win the forging duel, just from the properties of the hammer alone.' With that kind of mindset, the young man went ahead and took a look at the notification he had just received...
...only to be left at a complete loss for words.
Ding!
[You have successfully forged an artifact.]
Whoosh!
As if the forging hammer was waiting for him to read the notification that just popped up, the golden color it was radiating all this time swiftly transformed into a dazzling array of myriad colors, hovering higher and higher into the air as everyone in the audience stared at the forging hammer Valyr had created.
Eventually, once everyone's sights were fixated on the forging hammer, all of the lights the hammer gave off swiftly disappeared as it slowly descended back down to the young man's anvil, making it seem as if nothing had happened in the first place.
With his mouth still agape from the shock he felt after reading the second notification, Valyr gradually moved his gaze from the notification screen to the forging hammer, feeling a connection of some sort being made between him and the hammer as he continued to look at it.
Ding!
[You have successfully forged the item: Unnamed Blueprint (Artifact). Quality has been rated to be Transcendent.]
[Though the craft you have made is still lacking in some aspects, the heavens have acknowledged the effort you have put into it, as well as the ingenuity of the craft itself, thereby granting it the status of an artifact.]
[As the item has been made with an unnamed blueprint, the system has given the user one chance to rename the item, lest the user refuses to name it.]
[Would you like to give a name to your item?]
Reading through the series of notifications he had obtained while looking at the forging hammer, it was only at that moment did Valyr fully accept the fact that he had truly created an artifact, feeling a great amount of excitement at the thought. After all, it was no simple feat for anyone to create an artifact, even if that someone had all the luck in the world.
However, even though he was excited, the young man still wondered as to why it was considered an artifact rather than a replica of an artifact, prompting a solemn expression to appear on his face as he recalled that he had based his forging hammer off of Theraldine's Hammer of Primeval Origins from his previous life.
'Is it because the Hammer of Primeval Origins hasn't been made yet?' Asking this question to himself, Valyr felt that it was the most likely explanation as to why his hammer had been deemed as an artifact, letting out a low sigh as he became more certain that it was the case.
"I guess I've twisted the timeline even more this time around." Bitterly smiling at the thought, Valyr decided to not mull over the matter any further, instead focusing his attention on the final notification he had received from the system.
'I haven't given it a name, huh,' thought Valyr to himself, putting on a pensive expression as he pondered over what name would suit it. 'Then again, this is the only blueprint I've made where I haven't given it a name from the start.'
'Hmm...' Thinking about how significant the artifact was to Valyr and how it probably changed the future timeline drastically, a name eventually popped up into his mind. 'Since it was originally made as a replica of the Hammer of Primeval Origins, the name has to be related to it in some way.'
'Well... from a certain perspective, this artifact could be considered as a major turning point in the timeline, seeing as how I've introduced a legendary artifact a couple years later than it should've appeared.'
'Though, aside from that, I guess this artifact also signifies the true start of my journey as a blacksmith, as well as the true start of my journey in achieving the goals I've set at the start of this life. After all, a blacksmith isn't truly considered a blacksmith if he doesn't have his own forging hammer.'
'With that in mind, I shall call this...'
'The Hammer of Beginnings.'
Chapter 472: A Monumental Event

Ding!
[You have renamed the item 'Unnamed Blueprint (Artifact)' to 'Hammer of Beginnings (Artifact)'.]
[Due to the immense feat you have achieved, you have gained the title 'Forger of Artifacts'.]
Taking a look at the notifications he had received in response to his renaming of the forging hammer, a faint smile appeared on the young man's face as he brought up both the hammer's description and the new title's description in front of him, ignoring the noise the audience was making as he focused his attention on the screens that had appeared.
Ding!
[Hammer of Beginnings (Artifact)] (Level 40)
Rarity: Epic+ (Growth — Special)
Forge Quality: Transcendent
Having seen a glimpse of a distant future, the maker of this artifact initially aimed to create a replica of the artifact he had seen, wanting to claim even the slightest bit of its properties for his own.
However, rather than create a replica of the artifact he had seen, he instead brought the future into the present, birthing an artifact that was akin to the artifact he wished to replicate, yet separate from the artifact he wished to replicate at the same time.
Though still immature in its form, this artifact contains boundless potential that has yet to be unearthed, its current form already being the target of envy of many blacksmiths all throughout the world. However, in due time, it shall eventually reach the height of the artifact the maker originally wished to replicate and even exceed it, becoming an artifact every blacksmith shall tout as the greatest forging artifact of all time.
Due to its characteristics as a Growth type equipment, this hammer has the ability to ascend to higher rarities under special circumstances, may it be through the experience of the user, or special materials that the user may meld into the hammer.
Due to its characteristics as a Special type equipment, this hammer's level grows in accordance to the user, removing the need for the user to have to enhance the hammer to their current level.
This hammer increases the user's forging success rate by 30%, as well as the base stat of any equipment the user forges with the hammer equipped by 10%.
<Innate Skill 1: Breath of Flame - Changes the affinity of the hammer to the Fire element, increasing the stats of any Fire-attribute equipment forged with the hammer by 25%. Effect stacks additively with the hammer's original effect.>
<Innate Skill 2: Breath of Water -...>
<...>
<Innate Skill 5: Breath of Calm - Returns the affinity of the hammer to the Neutral element, increasing the stats of any equipment with no attribute forged with the hammer by 15%. Effect stacks additively with the hammer's original effect.>
<Innate Skill 6: Breath of Beginnings - Changes the affinity of the hammer to the Origin element, increasing the stats of any equipment, either with any of the four basic attributes or without any attribute whatsoever, forged with the hammer by 35%. Has a small chance to tap into the equipment's innate potential and awaken an innate skill. Cooldown: 1 week.>
Remarks: Now this. This is a true piece of equipment.
"Hiss..." Sucking a bit of cold air through his teeth after he was finished reading through the hammer's description, a ton of thoughts instantly lingered within Valyr's mind, prompting him to think about the greater possibilities he would now have in the future with the Hammer of Beginnings being made.
However, rather than delude himself in these thoughts, he instead pushed all of these thoughts to the side as to not overwhelm him, reminding himself to not let something like this affect him too much.
Taking in a few deep breaths to regain composure, the young man then went ahead and shifted his gaze to the screen that contained the description of the title he had just obtained. Unfortunately, before he could even begin skimming through its contents, a familiar person appeared in front of his field of vision.
"..." Staring at the young man in front of him for a while, Julian did not know what to say. Though he already knew of Valyr's capabilities as a blacksmith, considering that he knew that the latter had forged an Epic grade armor set that was considered an Emulation, the fact that the young man had forged an artifact was definitely beyond his expectations.
After all, what could be better than any artifact replica than a true artifact?
"Could you... could you let me take a look at the hammer?" Taking in a deep breath to root himself to reality, Julian finally asked a question at Valyr, to which the latter responded with a faint nod, giving the forging hammer to him after that.
"This..." Activating his identification skill on the forging hammer, Julian was quickly left at a loss for words regarding its capabilities. As far as he could remember, most of the forging artifacts he had come across and known about in the past all focused on a certain element. If the artifact was stronger, then perhaps two.
However, the artifact he was currently holding did not just focus on only one or two elements.
It focused on five elements at once!
As far as he knew, this was the first artifact of its kind!
"..." Being left at a loss for words once more as he gave the hammer back to Valyr, he then shifted his gaze to look at his daughter, who had a bitter smile on her face as she had a faint idea of what was going on.
"Even I didn't expect this to happen." Letting out a low sigh as he took a look at the artifact replica she had made, Julian gave his daughter an apologetic smile before slightly ruffling her hair. "You've done all that you can, Theraldine."
"Now you're just making me feel like I haven't done enough." Though she tried to smile in response to her father's words, a few tears still began to brim around her eyes, reflecting the inner turmoil the young woman felt towards the current situation. "Go on, Dad. Make the announcement. I'll be fine."
"Haah..." Sighing in response to his daughter's words as he nodded, Julian glanced back at Valyr, who now had a slightly apologetic smile on his face as he realized what he had inadvertently done. Bitterly smiling in response as he faintly shook his head, he then shifted his gaze to look at the awaiting audience.
"To those that have stayed to watch the forging duel in its entirety, I thank all of you from the bottom of my heart." Taking in a deep breath, Julian's voice soon bellowed throughout the main hall, prompting everyone to focus their attention on him.
"As the Guildmaster of the Blacksmith Guild, not only am I proud that the two before you have shown everyone the capabilities of the younger generation's greatest talents, but one of them has even given everyone here the honors to witness the birth of a new artifact!"
"With that, there isn't really a need for me to make a decision now, is there?" At this question, the audience let out a loud cheer, causing a slight smile to appear on Julian's face not long after.
"The winner of this forging duel is none other than..."
"Ylvar!"
Chapter 473: A Familiar Voice

After Julian had announced the winner of the forging duel, the audience began to loudly cheer for Valyr, whose abilities far surpassed their initial expectations. After all, compared to Theraldine, whose abilities and skills were well-known throughout the kingdom, it would seem like the forging duel was just a platform for the young woman to showcase her abilities since she was up against someone no one in the crowd had any clue on.
However, even though she did showcase her abilities to the audience, which was in no way inferior by any means, it was still lacking when compared to Valyr's display, forging a never before seen artifact right before their very eyes.
Though everyone in the crowd was still unsure as to who the young man really was, all of them were certain young man that competed against Theraldine in this forging duel would soon be known by everyone in the kingdom, perhaps the entire human race because of this sole achievement.
With satisfied expressions on their faces and looks that blatantly told anyone looking at them that they would spread the events that occurred in this forging duel, the crowd gradually began to disperse from the Blacksmith Guild's main hall, leaving only Theraldine, Valyr, and Julian behind.
"With that finally settled, let's move onto the more important topic at hand." With a smile plastered on his face until the very last person from the crowd left the Blacksmith Guild, Julian's expression swiftly became serious as he turned to look at Valyr.
"Why didn't you tell me you have the abilities to forge an artifact all this time?"
"Even I didn't know I could forge an artifact, Guildmaster." Taking into consideration that the two of them weren't the only people there at the moment, Valyr responded to Julian's question with a polite tone. "I may be confident in being able to forge artifact replicas, but never once in my life have I thought that I've reached the skill level necessary to forge artifacts yet."
"So, you're telling me you just got lucky?" Hearing Valyr's words, Julian raised his eyebrow in slight suspicion. After all, from the interactions he had with the young man so far, he was under the impression that the latter had a ton of secrets he did not want others to know.
"That would be the best explanation for it," said Valyr in response, bitterly smiling. "Because I truly have no idea."
'Well, I do, but you'd have to have memories from the future first to be able to do it,' thought Valyr to himself at the same time, inwardly letting out a low sigh. 'Then again, I really wasn't expecting to forge an artifact at this stage. If anything, with the knowledge I have of forging artifacts, I thought I'd only be able to start making some once I reached a higher class rank.'
'I really got lucky this time around.' With this thought in mind, the bitter smile on Valyr's face gradually disappeared.
"Hmm..." Noticing the expression Valyr was making, Julian looked at the young man for a bit more in silence, narrowing his eyes in slight suspicion. On the other hand, Theraldine stood by the side in silence, passively listening to the conversation that was going on.
"Don't think too deeply into the matter, Julian. After all, don't you think that luck is also part of a blacksmith's skill set?" Just as Julian was about to tell both Valyr and Theraldine were free to leave, finally giving up on trying to learn the young man's methods, a pair of people had appeared before the three, their auras being in no way inferior to the aura Julian passively gave off.
"Byron." Hearing the familiar voice coming from his back, a slight smile appeared on the middle-aged man's face as he turned around. "And here I thought you two would be staying where I was watching."
"How could we not head down after seeing you start talking with the two?" Byron let out a bit of laughter in response, with Mystia beside him remaining silent. "As one of their seniors in the Blacksmith Guild, I should at least take a look at what the greatest talents of the younger generation are like, no?"
"Well, you're not wrong." Hearing Vyron's words, Julian faintly laughed in response.
Though, just as he was about to continue his conversation with Byron, Julian noticed the faint confusion written all over the faces of both Theraldine and Valyr, their current expressions obvious as to what they wanted him to do.
"Ahem." Finally realizing that he began to ignore the presence of the two after Byron and Mystia appeared before them, Julian decided to include the former two into the conversation. "Now that I realize it, the two of you haven't met these people yet."
Turning his body to look at both Valyr and Theraldine, Julian began to introduce the two to them. "The handsome man you see beside me is not only a good friend of mine, but is also one of the directors of the Blacksmith Guild's main branch. He goes by multiple titles, but he is most commonly known as the Metal Magister with how proficient he is while working with metals."
"You definitely didn't skimp out on the compliments." Byron chuckled in response to Julian's introduction, facing both Valyr and Theraldine not long after with a smile. "Nice to meet you two. My name is Byron Allister, but you could call me Byron if you want. Though, as your Guildmaster has mentioned, I guess it would be weird for you to call a director in such an informal manner."
"Greetings, Sir Byron." Looking at each other after Byron was finished speaking, Theraldine and Valyr faintly nodded at one another before simultaneously greeting the man Julian had introduced to them.
"As for the woman that has accompanied him..." Seeing Byron nod at the greetings of the two with a warm smile, Julian proceeded to introduce the woman to the two, faintly scratching the back of his head in the process. "To be honest, I wasn't expecting such an esteemed guest to appear in such a shabby place like this."
"You flatter me too much," said Mystia in response, letting out a faint playful giggle.
"I guess being a director is not enough to be considered an esteemed guest." As for Byron, who heard what Julian said, it felt as if his friend had given him a direct blow to the face.
"You're definitely an esteemed guest, Byron." Not wanting to listen to his friend's rant on how he should have been treated better as a guest, Julian swiftly clarified. "However, compared to the guest you brought along with you, your position is less... imposing, if you will."
"Who is she, Guildmaster?" After hearing Mystia speak for a bit, Valyr briefly had a dumbfounded expression on his face, being reminded of a voice he had heard back then while he was at Astarto Village. Wanting to confirm whether his thoughts were correct, the young man took the initiative to ask.
"Ah." Returning to the topic at hand, Julian let out an awkward chuckle as he began introducing Mystia to the two. "Unlike my good friend Byron here, she isn't affiliated with the Blacksmith Guild in any way. Instead, she's affiliated with the Meltierre Heavenly Court as their Imperial Alchemist."
'Wait... alchemist? Then, that means...' At Julian's mention of this word, Valyr faintly raised his eyebrow as he became even more suspicious of the woman's identity.
Fortunately, it did not take much longer for his suspicions to be confirmed.
"I would like to introduce the two of you..."
"...to Mystia Aschel."
Chapter 474: To One’s Liking

'She's the one!' At the very moment Julian had mentioned Mystia's full name, Valyr felt as if multiple fireworks had gone off in his head. In the meantime, a considerable number of memories from his time in Astarto Village started to surface in his mind.
'If it wasn't for me needing to find someone who could concoct the Basic Reinforcement Elixir in the village, I definitely wouldn't have come into contact with someone like her.' Going through his memories from the past, Valyr recalled the time he had met up with Astarto Village's alchemist at the time, which was Vera Aschel.
With him requesting the young woman to concoct a set of Basic Physical and Mental Reinforcement Elixir for him to consume, Vera eventually agreed after Valyr showed that he already had the materials needed to concoct the elixirs in the first place, as well as the fact that he was fine with her wasting some of the materials he had gathered in order to get used to the process.
However, as she only knew what the Basic Reinforcement Elixir was and not the process that would allow her to concoct it, Vera sought the help of her mentor.
And that was the moment when Valyr had come into contact with the woman named Mystia.
'I wonder if she still remembers me.' Recalling the brief conversation he and Mystia had over the magic orb Vera used to contact her, Valyr bitterly smiled. 'On second thought, I'm pretty sure she still remembers me.'
'After all, I've just blatantly told her at that time that I was Valyr Zeihardt. It would be impossible for her to forget someone who basically told her that he was the one everyone in the Zeihardt clan was looking for.' With this thought lingering in his mind, he briefly glanced at Mystia, who glanced back at him with slight curiosity.
'Fortunately, I think she can't see through my facade.' Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief at the thought, he then proceeded to greet her alongside Theraldine, to which Mystia replied with a soft smile.
"Alright, you two are free to leave. We'll talk about what happened here some other time. Especially you, Ylvar." Eventually thinking that it wouldn't really make sense for the two to be involved in their conversation, Julian changed his mind and allowed the two to leave, prompting them to bow in front of Byron and Mystia before proceeding to head to another part of the Blacksmith Guild for the meantime.
"With that over with, how about I finally do my proper job as a host and give you two some place to rest? After all, the two of you did have to travel quite a distance." After watching the silhouettes of both Valyr and Theraldine disappear from the main hall, Julian returned his gaze to Byron and Mystia while faintly smiling.
"Though I'd definitely like to take you up on that offer, a day of rest is the maximum amount of time the two of us could allow ourselves to have before we have to return to forging masterwork weapons." In response, Byron flashed an apologetic smile at the man as he explained their situation.
"Is that so?" Hearing those words, a trace of disappointment briefly appeared on Julian's face, considering that it had been some time since he and Byron had met up. However, knowing the weight of the responsibilities the other side was shouldering, he quickly understood as he bitterly smiled. "I guess I'll have to save the good food and drinks for some other time."
"Unfortunately." Byron bitterly smiled as well. "However, once this is all over, let's enjoy ourselves till our heart's content, okay?"
"You better keep that promise, you hear me?" Letting out a bit of laughter, Julian nodded as he extended his hand for a handshake.
"I definitely will." With a toothy grin, Byron nodded back as he reciprocated the handshake, looking at his good friend with a determined expression.
Whoosh!
After saying their farewells and their promises to one another once they met up in the future, Byron went ahead and conjured a rift that would teleport them part of the way back to where he and Mystia were originally working.
Waving at his good friend one last time, Byron soon went ahead and walked through the rift he had made, removing his presence entirely from the Blacksmith Guild's main hall.
"It was definitely nice meeting you, Miss Mystia." With Byron having already gone through the portal, Julian said his farewells to Mystia as well. "The conversations we've had earlier have definitely given me a lot of insight towards the art of blacksmithing, as well as the art of alchemy."
"It applies both ways, Sir Julian." Hearing Julian's words, Mystia flashed a warm smile. "Just like how my words have expanded your horizons, so too have your words expanded mine. I am certain that the advice and words you've given me shall prove monumental in my assistance in Sir Byron's future works."
"Oh, you flatter me too much." Not being used to taking compliments, Julian laughed the woman's words off. After that, he waved at her goodbye. "Safe travels."
"I shall try my best to do so." Smiling once more, Mystia faintly nodded before proceeding to take a step into the rift. However, just as she was about to take another step and completely pass through the rift, a thought surfaced in her mind, prompting her to call out to Julian.
"Say, Sir Julian. Would you happen to know the true identity of the young man dueling against your daughter earlier?" Hearing this question from Mystia, Julian, who had already turned around to head back to his private workshop, was forced to turn back as he pondered over the question.
"Are you talking about Ylvar?"
"Is that the young man's true name?" asked Mystia in response, giving Julian a knowing smile. "Though I've ignored it all this time, that does not mean I didn't notice he was using a skill to disguise his true identity."
"Unfortunately, I cannot disclose his true identity to you, Miss Mystia. Even if you're the Meltierre Heavenly Court's Imperial Alchemist." With an apologetic smile, Julian let out a slightly disappointed sigh. "All I can say is that he is the one I've chosen to represent the blacksmiths in the upcoming Four Pillars' Inheritance. Nothing more, nothing less."
"Alright, alright. I won't bring further headache to the Guildmaster." Mystia faintly chuckled, apologizing for the sudden question soon after. "With that, I shall truly take my leave now."
"May you two have a safe travel back." Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief, Julian waved farewell at Mystia once more as she disappeared from the Blacksmith Guild's main hall, traveling through space to arrive at where Byron was currently waiting.
…
"Out of all the people I thought I'd come across again, I definitely wasn't expecting you to appear in this place." Whilst moving through the darkness of space, a faint smile appeared on Mystia's face, thinking back to the glance she and the young man shared earlier.
"So, this was where you were, Valyr Zeihardt." Certain that Valyr thought his facade had fooled her, Mystia let out a bit of mischievous laughter. "To think you're hiding right under the Zeihardt clan's noses. Truly brave of you to do so."
"However, there will eventually come a time where you'll have to reveal your true identity to the world. But considering that you're a part of my plans, as the magnanimous woman that I am, I'll make sure that time is as delayed as possible." As these words left her mouth, Mystia's laughter grew louder. "For now..."
"I hope the surprise I prepared for you is to your liking."
Chapter 475: Legend In The Making

While Julian watched Byron and Mystia disappear from the Blacksmith Guild's main hall, Theraldine and Valyr had stayed near Julian's private workshop in the meantime. Thinking to each other that the Guildmaster still had more things to say to them, they recalled the words Julian told them before they left.
"Hey, Theraldine." Continuing to wait for Theraldine's father to appear, Valyr decided to strike up a conversation with the young woman, his mind recalling what had transpired earlier.
"What is it?" Oblivious to what was going on in the young man's mind, Theraldine looked back at Valyr, slightly curious.
"Sorry," said Valyr in response, causing the young woman's expression to swiftly turn into that of confusion.
"Sorry? Sorry for what?"
"For what happened earlier," Valyr clarified, the sight of Theraldine with tears in her eyes still vivid in his mind. "Believe me when I say that I wasn't expecting to forge an artifact. At most, I was only going to forge an artifact replica that was considerably better than yours."
"Huh?" Though she listened to the young man's explanation, Theraldine remained confused, still having no clue as to why he was saying sorry to her. However, after repeating Valyr's words over and over in her head for a bit, everything eventually clicked into place, finally allowing Theraldine to realize what he was trying to convey.
"Why say sorry over something that you had no control over?" Theraldine asked Valyr, her brows slightly furrowed. "Well... if you think about it from another perspective, you had total control over the entire thing, it's just that luck decided to shine down upon you during the duel."
Letting out a sigh, she continued, "If anything, you shouldn't feel sorry for what happened earlier. So what if I felt a bit discouraged at giving it my all and it still being not enough? That just means that your skill in blacksmithing is far greater than I initially expected it to be."
"And I prefer it that way, to be honest."
"Huh?" This time, it was Valyr's turn to be confused.
Wondering what had caused the young man to say those words, Valyr looked at Theraldine, only to see that the somewhat forlorn expression she had earlier from losing the forging duel was now completely gone.
Instead, what replaced it was an expression filled with burning passion and unyielding determination, her eyes staring darts at Valyr as if he was the prey she was going to hunt.
"With this forging duel now over, I don't have any more doubts of your worthiness to be the representative of the blacksmiths in this upcoming Four Pillars' Inheritance," said Theraldine, grinning soon after. "However, that doesn't mean I accept the fact that I'm behind you in terms of skills."
"From this point onward, my view of you has changed. Not only will I consider you as a friend and comrade, but also as a rival to aim towards," she continued.
"I will strive to become better than you in every aspect of blacksmithing, no matter what. I swear to the heavens that there will eventually come a day where you'd be the one watching me soar to the skies instead of the opposite."
"I definitely don't mind the challenge, if that's what you're asking." Seeing Theraldine's renewed conviction of becoming a blacksmith better than him, Valyr gave her a toothy grin. "Though I'm sure it'll be a long time before you even become on par with me."
"You..." Glaring daggers at Valyr in response to his words, Theraldine's anger was cut short as she noticed her father making his way to where the two of them stayed.
"I apologize for making the two of you wait for so long." Bitterly smiling as he waved at the two of them, it did not take long for Julian to stand in front of the two with a proud smile. "First and foremost, I just wanted to tell you that you two have done great in the forging duel. You two have definitely shown everyone the capabilities of the finest the Blacksmith Guild's younger generation has to offer."
"Especially you, Valyr." Looking at Valyr for a brief moment, Julian then shifted his gaze towards his daughter. "Apologies, Theraldine. Mind if you leave the two of us alone for a bit? We'll talk about it at home later."
"Ah... alright then." Though slightly disappointed that she could not be included in the conversation, Theraldine faintly nodded, asking Valyr to add her to his friend list before they left.
Ding!
[Theraldine Pyrrhia (Lvl. 40) is now your friend.]
After making sure that the two of them were in each of their friend lists, it was only then did Theraldine finally leave Valyr and Julian off on their own, prompting the smile on Julian's face to be replaced with a stern expression.
"Just like what I've let you experience earlier, I have a ton of questions to ask you, Valyr. Especially after taking a look at that artifact of yours," said Julian. "However, before all that..."
"Let me just say that you've definitely done the Blacksmith Guild a great service this time around." Patting Valyr on the shoulders, Julian gave him a warm smile. "With what you've shown everyone, the Blacksmith Guild's reputation in the kingdom is going to increase significantly."
"Though, it would be more correct to say that Ylvar's reputation as a blacksmith would begin to increase significantly." Julian chuckled soon after. "It's definitely a relief that you had your disguise skill activated. If not, I'm pretty certain all heckwould break loose."
"Aside from that, you're now a legend in the making, Valyr," he continued, staring at Valyr in the eye. "As someone who has forged an artifact at the peak of Rank 2, you're already considered to be an elite among the elite. In case you didn't know, there are only a handful of people who have created artifacts of their own at the same level of strength at you, fewer if we're talking about those at a lower class rank."
"Anyways, enough compliments for now. I could go on all day and I still probably wouldn't run out of things to say about your performance in this duel." Deciding to shift the topic, Julian's expression became serious once more. "How about we move onto the questions I've been wanting to ask you all this time?"
"First off..."
"What kind of future did you see while making the artifact?"
Chapter 476: What Lies Ahead

. .
"Huh?" At the very instant Valyr heard Julian's question, the young man was left at a complete loss for words.
"You don't have to act so surprised," said Julian in response to the dumbfounded expression he received. "After all, I'm the only other person besides you that read through the description of the artifact you forged."
"Ah..." Hearing those words, Valyr's expression swiftly changed into that of realization, causing multiple thoughts to surface in his mind as he wondered what Julian's true goal was in asking the question. "Are you perhaps asking about the future I saw in order to gain an idea on how to create the artifact?"
"Originally, that was the thought I had in mind. After all, who wouldn't want to forge an artifact of their own?" Julian faintly nodded, prompting a slight frown to appear on Valyr's face. "However, after thinking about it for a bit more, I realized that the future you saw was just a reference you used to create the artifact you made.
"If anything, you've shown everyone that attended the forging duel how to create an artifact, me included."
"Of course, seeing it being made is still different from making it yourself. After all, for someone to even get close to creating an artifact in the first place, one would need to have a ton of knowledge, experience, and skill in the field of blacksmithing." By this point, the frown on Valyr's face disappeared. Instead, a slightly curious expression took its place.
"Then... why are you asking about the future I saw?"
"How could I not ask about the future, especially with what's going on in the background?" Responding to Valyr's question, Julian bitterly smiled. "Let us not beat around the bush here. I know you know what I want to know."
'I definitely do.' Valyr inwardly nodded. 'But still...'
'Though introducing something like the Hammer of Beginnings a couple of years earlier has drastically changed the timeline, I'm certain that sharing this information will drastically change the timeline as well.' Scratching the back of his head, the young man was conflicted on what to do.
On one hand, if he kept the information regarding the future to himself, then there was a considerable chance that the timeline would still stay more or less the same, allowing him to respond accurately and accordingly. <subtxt>.</subtxt>
However, if he were to share this information to Julian, though it would undoubtedly improve the human race's position during the War of the Three Sovereignties, he did not know what kind of effect it would have in the long run.
'Wait... why am I even thinking about the repercussions?' Fortunately, it did not take long for him to get his answer, gazing at Julian in the eyes. 'If I were afraid of change, then I shouldn't have done anything since the beginning of my rebirth.'
'However, since I've made my moves and already changed a lot of things about the timeline... what difference would it really make to me if I were to change it some more?'
"Haah..." Letting out a low yet slightly exasperated sigh, Valyr finally decided to speak about part of his past life to Julian. "Before I tell you about what I saw, would you mind swearing a mana oath to not speak of what I said to others?"
"That's..." Julian had a slightly conflicted expression on his face.
"Though, if the other side were to swear a mana oath of their own to make sure this information does not leak out to those with malicious intent, that would also be fine." Hearing Valyr's addendum to the oath, Julian's expression quickly relaxed as he nodded in agreement to the proposition.
Whoosh!
With the clauses of the mana oath stated, Julian swiftly went through the steps of forming a mana oath with Valyr, causing his body to be briefly bathed in ambient mana before everything soon returned to normal. "Alright. Could you now tell me about the future you saw?"
"So, before I begin..." Forming a barrier of mana around the two of them to make sure that no passerby could eavesdrop on their conversation, Valyr began to narrate the happenings he had experienced in his past life.
At first, he talked about how the tensions between the humans and the orcs escalated, turning into a full-scale war wherein both sides wished for their own side to be only side to remain standing. Hearing this, Julian nodded as if it were a matter of fact, talking about how this would eventually happen if nothing currently changed.
However, instead of Valyr's narration of the future ending there, he continued to talk about what happened after the full-scale war between the humans and orcs, telling Julian about how the elves got embroiled in the war as well, turning into a war that was fought all over Veldanyr for years.
"The War of the Three Sovereignties..." Julian muttered to himself after Valyr was finished talking about what he saw in the future, committing the name to memory. "You're certain that this event would happen in the near future?"
"If the war between the humans and the orcs continue to escalate, then there's a highly likely chance that it would still happen," said Valyr in response, prompting Julian's face to turn solemn.
"A future where each and every being in the world would be caught up in war..." Going over the various things Valyr said to him once more, Julian could not stop himself from letting out an exasperated sigh. "It seems our preparations are still lacking in many ways."
"I'll have to inform the others about this," said Julian not long after as he looked at Valyr. "Of course, I'll make sure to have them go through a mana oath."
"Aren't you in any way suspicious that what I might be telling you about the future could be lies?" Valyr asked in response. "Do you really trust my words that easily?"
"I don't fully trust your words as of yet, so I'll have to consult someone specializing in divination regarding the truth of your statements," replied Julian, only for him to confidently smile soon after. "However, if there's anything I'm sure about, it's the feeling that you won't lie about something like this so easily."
"I feel touched." Valyr laughed in response, taking a look at the sky after that. "In any case, I should probably head back now... unless if you still have something else to tell me."
"Well, I actually do." Julian nodded in agreement. "However, since you and Theraldine have been forging for what's basically the entire day at this point, just come here early in the morning."
"Alright then." Nodding, Valyr began to make his way out of the Blacksmith Guild, dispelling the barrier of mana surrounding them as he waved farewell to Julian. "See you tomorrow, Julian."
"Alright." Julian waved back. "See you tomorrow."
Chapter 477: Revisiting Anadhar City

.
By the time Valyr returned to the inn where he and Wells were staying, the two of them briefly talked about what the other side was doing the entire day. Unsurprisingly, Wells asked Valyr at some point if he was the guy many people were talking about that forged an artifact in the forging duel.
In response, Valyr took out the Hammer of Beginnings from his spatial bracelet and gave it to Wells to hold, whose eyes opened wide from shock. After all, from the very moment his hands touched the hammer, he instantly felt the power of the hammer coursing throughout his body, giving him the feeling as if he gained the ability to forge high-level equipment.
Giving back the forging hammer to Valyr, the two of them talked for a bit more, eventually grabbing something to eat at a nearby restaurant after they felt their hunger calling for them.
...
"I'm planning to head to Anadhar City tomorrow." Whist both Valyr and Wells were finally chowing down their respective dinners, Valyr said something to Wells all of a sudden.
"What are you going to do there?" Placing his utensils to the side, Wells looked at Valyr with a raised eyebrow. "Are you planning to meet up with my family, perhaps?"
"Do you want me to?" asked Valyr in response.
"Definitely not." Wells shook his head. "If anything, that's the last thing I want you to do."
"In any case, I'm not heading there to meet up with your family or anything." Briefly shrugging his shoulders as he understood his good friend's train of thought, Valyr eventually told Wells his purpose in heading to Anadhar. "I'm just there to meet up with someone and claim something I should've claimed sometime ago."
"Is that so?" Faintly nodding in response, Wells returned his attention to the meal he was eating. "In that case, have a safe travel."
"As if I don't already do that." Letting out a slight chuckle, Valyr returned to the meal he was eating as well. Eventually, the two of them finished their meals and returned to the inn, getting a good night's sleep sometime after that.
...
"I wonder what Julian wanted to tell me yesterday that he wanted to come this early in the morning." After going through his daily morning routine, Valyr eventually left the inn after upgrading the remaining unleveled skills he had to their max level, roaming the streets of Algerie Kingdom as he made his way to the Blacksmith Guild.
Though, knowing that many people would probably be searching for the young man that dueled against Theraldine in forging yesterday, he changed his appearance to something that was different thanks to [Enhanced Polymorph], allowing him to arrive at the guild's entrance without any mishaps a few minutes later.
"You're finally here," said Julian, quickly recognizing Valyr, even though the latter's appearance had changed. "Come with me."
"Alright?" Faintly nodding in response, Valyr began to follow behind Julian with a hint of confusion on his face, continuing to wonder what the latter wanted to talk about. Unsurprisingly, the two of them attracted the stares of a few people within the guild, considering that the Guildmaster was interacting with a young man.
"What are we doing here?" Eventually, the two of them arrived in front of one of the counters made for the guild's official members, prompting Valyr to ask Julian a question.
"It's to reward you, of course," said Julian in response, causing even more confusion to appear on Valyr's face as he wondered why he was getting a reward in the first place. Thankfully, Julian's next words shed light on that exact answer.
"As someone who has shown the ability to forge an artifact, it only makes sense that your position within the Blacksmith Guild should be adjusted accordingly," Julian told Valyr while grinning. "Give the attendant your badge."
"Okay...?" Though he felt like everything that was happening so far felt a bit too sudden, Valyr did what he was told, giving his Core Member badge to the attendant before them. "Now that I think about it, hasn't it only been a few days since you upgraded my rank to Core Member?"
"If you showed me a few days ago that you had the ability to forge artifacts, then we wouldn't have needed to go through this process all over again, no?" Saying these words in response, Julian put on a calm expression as he looked at the attendant.
"With the power vested in me as the Guildmaster of this branch of the Blacksmith Guild, I now hereby declare that the rank of this member shall be increased to Legacy Core Member." Hearing these words come out of Julian's mouth, Valyr was left speechless.
After coming to terms with what Julian was doing for him, Valyr thought that his position would be upgraded to an Elite Core Member, perhaps a True Core Member if he were lucky.
But a Legacy Core Member?
'Is this all because I've shown the ability to forge an artifact?' Asking this question to himself, Valyr watched the attendant before them process the entire thing, with Julian mentioning to the attendant to give Valyr the Technology Points that came along with the position.
"As you've already claimed the 1,000 Technology Points that comes with being a Core Member, you will only receive a total of 7,000 Technology Points. Congratulations on becoming a Legacy Core Member." A couple of minutes later, the attendant was finally finished processing everything, giving Valyr his new badge as a Legacy Core Member.
Ding!
[Your previous rank [Rank 2 — Core Member] has been improved to [Rank 2 — Legacy Core Member]. Increase your rank or merit to improve your position.]
[You have received 7,000 Technology Points.]
Comparing the design of his old Core Member badge to the new Legacy Core Member badge he had received, aside from the badge now being made out of solid gold, the Legacy Core Member badge had a ton of fine details on its surface, showcasing the impeccable craftsmanship that went into making it.
Even the letters and numbers denoting Valyr's class rank and position seemed to have been finely carved, giving anyone who looked at it the feeling that the badge was pleasant to look at.
"Are you going to do the same thing for Theraldine as well?" After pondering over how he would allocate the 7,000 Technology Points he had just received for a bit, Valyr posed a question to Julian as they headed to the latter's private workshop.
"I've already done it, actually," replied Julian. "Though the improvement to her position was not as drastic as yours, the amount of Technology Points she now has access to will definitely help her out for certain."
"Anyways, this was pretty much the reason why I wanted you to come to the guild this early," added Julian soon after. "You're free to do whatever you want after this."
"Free to do whatever I want, huh..." Muttering these words to himself, an idea gradually popped up into Valyr's mind, causing a slight grin to appear on his face. "Say, would it be possible for me to use the guild's Teleportation Hall?"
"With your position as a Legacy Core Member, you would be able to use it at any time." Julian nodded, only to ask soon after, "Why? Where are you planning to head?"
"Oh, you know." Valyr smiled. "I'm just going to head to Anadhar City."
"...I see. Say, by another city, which city are you heading to specifically?"
"..."
Chapter 478: Continuing The Legacy

Whoosh!
"Well, that took me longer to explain that I'd expected." After explaining to Julian that he was heading to a city named Anadhar and not some random city, which was the man's initial thought, Valyr was finally able to head to the guild's Teleportation Hall and teleport into the city, being greeted by a few people once he had arrived at the Blacksmith Guild's branch.
Leaving the Blacksmith Guild after he had informed the people there of his identity and his purpose in visiting the city, Valyr soon left the guild, roaming the streets of Anadhar City for a bit as a slight smile unknowingly crept up on his face.
'Though I've only been in this world for a bit over three months so far, a lot has definitely changed about me since the last time I've been to this place.' Muttering these words to himself, Valyr thought back to the time he and Wells had first arrived at this city, with the latter having to head to the manor due to his family affairs.
On the other hand, he, who was Level 15 at the time, sought to obtain a couple of skills that allowed him to obtain the class he currently have. Then again, he also obtained something that only a certain individual in the city offered, which was a skill that would allow him to passively increase his PER stat.
Of course, Valyr did not obtain the skill from that certain individual just because he could obtain it along the way. Though the hyperfocus ability that came attached to the skill definitely helped him out in his forging, being one of the reasons why he had even gotten the skill in the first place...
That was not the main reason why he had gotten it.
'I guess I could finally unlock that advancement with the Technology Points I've gotten.' Faintly scratching the back of his head as he headed towards the city's entertainment district, Valyr thought about how he would distribute his Technology Points. 'I think I'll have enough to max out everything up to the Ancient Age...'
'...and unlock the gun's most rudimentary form, the fire lance.'
With how Veldanyr's setting was that of a medieval world with magic, it was understandable that the world would have access to technologies that had been invented during the Middle Ages. In fact, it even had access to technologies that only appeared at later ages, which was only made possible thanks to the existence of magic.
However, with most of the world believing in the terrifying might of magic, the development of ranged weapons in the world only went up to the crossbow at most, relying on the heaven-defying strength one would obtain at the higher ranks in order to achieve incredible feats with such a crude mechanical weapon.
"As far as I can remember, an event near the end of the first version would change the trajectory of development for Veldanyr," Valyr muttered to himself. "But for now, as long as I succeed in creating the fire lance, I would instantly have an edge over everyone, considering that the closest cousin to it would be the cannon."
"Then again, if I still have more Technology Points to spare, I could probably forge a matchlock instead." Chuckling at the thought, the young man continued to walk through the city, eventually arriving at the entertainment district a couple of minutes later. Once there, he looked around in search for a certain building, smiling once he found the one.
"I never thought I'd be back here at the Silver Gambling Den." Since he had arrived during the day, it was no surprise that the insides of the gambling den barely had any people inside it, with Valyr only being able to see staff moving around. "Then again, I never expected the skill to have a legacy attached to it."
"Though, I wonder if it's the same legacy I'm familiar with?" Pondering over the question that popped into his head for a bit, the young man soon made his way to the rear portion of the gambling den, appearing in front of the person who had aided him in meeting the certain individual he made contact with back then.
"What brings you here to the Silver Gambling Den, sir?" Noticing that Valyr was looking at him, the man with light gray hair behind the counter took the initiative to start a conversation, feeling slightly intimidated from the aura the young man was giving off.
"I just wanted to meet up with Jekyll," said Valyr in response, faintly smiling.
"And what kind of business do you have with him, sir?" Feeling a bit of cold sweat forming on his back, the man with light gray hair continued to ask Valyr a few questions.
In response, Valyr continued to maintain a faint smile. "Tell him that the one who inherited his legacy is here to continue it."
"Ah..." Fortunately, after hearing those words, the man did not continue asking any more questions, nodding in response as he remained silent. After that, he turned around and entered the room behind the counter, only returning to appear in front of Valyr a couple of minutes later.
"The boss says that he'll be with you shortly," said the man, prompting Valyr to nod in response. "He also told me that you could go on ahead through the curtain if you wanted to."
"Hmm... I'll just wait here for now." Mulling over the choice that he had been given, the young man decided to stay put for the meantime, knowing that his current appearance was drastically different from the one Jekyll was familiar with. If he entered and Jekyll mistook him for a stranger, then who knew what kind of mishaps would happen?
"To be honest, I thought you'd take longer than I thought to come here." After loitering near the counter for a few minutes, a familiar voice to Valyr eventually resounded from behind the curtain, the origin of the voice revealing himself soon after.
WIth a pleased smile, he told the man at the counter to head back for now, ordering him that he'd take over the counter for the meantime.
"Wait a minute... you're not Valyr." Though, just as he was expecting to see Valyr in front of him, Jekyll was instead greeted by a young man that had a drastically different appearance and aura from the young man he knew. Because of that...
Whoosh!
"You better tell me what affiliation you have with Valyr... or else." In less than an instant, Jekyll radiated a great amount of killing intent, making some of the people that were near the middle of the casino move closer to the front portion as they felt a great sense of fear all of a sudden.
"Affiliation, huh." As for the one who took the brunt of most of the killing intent, Valyr smiled at Jekyll, who had a frown on his face all this time. However, that frown was swiftly turned into an expression of slight disbelief once the young man deactivated a portion of his disguise skill.
Swoosh!
"I guess... this would be my proof of affiliation, then?"
.
Chapter 479: The Northern Star

"Wait... what?" Seeing as the young man's face changed into that of Valyr's all of a sudden, Jekyll's mouth went agape as he felt a bit of disbelief. Though, even after briefly shaking his head before looking at the young man in front of him for a bit more, that disbelief did not disappear. "Are you Valyr... or are you not?"
"Haah..." Sighing as he bitterly smiled at Jekyll, Valyr continued to deactivate more and more portions of [Enhanced Polymorph], gradually returning his current appearance to what it was originally. By the time he radiated his original aura towards Jekyll, it was only then did everything click in the latter's mind, his eyes widening in excitement.
"Ah!" Julian exclaimed, slapping himself on the forehead for being so stupid. "Now where and why the heckdid you learn that?"
"A skill book store is the answer to your where, and protecting my identity is the answer to your why," said Valyr in response. "If anything, it's actually risky for me to reveal my original appearance to you here out in the open."
"Hmm? And why would that be?" Hearing Valyr's words, Julian crossed his arms as he slightly tilted his head in curiosity.
"Hmm?" Not expecting that kind of answer from Jekyll, Valyr went silent for a bit as he recalled their interaction back when he met with the man before him for the first time.
"Ah." Thankfully, it did not take long for him to realize what was going on, staring at Jekyll with a wry smile as he asked him, "Now that I think about it, I haven't told you my full name yet, have I?"
"And so have I. What's wrong with that?" Jekyll raised his eyebrow, finding nothing wrong with not revealing their surnames.
"Well, let's just say that my surname would warrant the need for you to swear a mana oath to not disclose my current whereabouts."
"That bad?" Hearing Valyr's reply, Jekyll was left at a slight loss for words, now feeling even more curious as to what the young man's surname was. "It couldn't be bad that, ri—"
"Zeihardt." Whilst reactivating [Enhanced Polymorph], Valyr muttered out a name as he looked at Jekyll straight in the eyes. "My family name is Zeihardt."
"Zeihardt... Valyr... wait..." Muttering out a couple of words for a bit as he gradually found his train of thought, everything eventually clicked once more in Jekyll's mind as he turned to look at Valyr with immense shock written all over his face. "So, you're telling me..."
"...that the inheritor of my legacy is none other than the Herald of the Zeihardt clan that's been missing all this time?"
"Shhh. Keep quiet." Sensing as if the man's voice was getting a bit louder towards the end, Valyr placed his finger over Jekyll's mouth, to which the latter quickly understood, apologizing not long after.
"Let's... head to the back for now and continue our conversation there." Taking in a couple of deep breaths to let the realization of who had inherited his legacy sink into his mind, Jekyll's expression turned solemn as he beckoned for the young man to follow him, which he did.
...
"Alright. I've asked my people to not disturb us for the meantime, as well as made sure that none of them would be able to snoop in on our conversation." After arriving at a part of the gambling den's rear that was far away from prying eyes and ears, Jekyll let out a faint sigh of relief as he gestured for the young man to sit in front of him. "Though, just to make sure..."
Whoosh!
Not long after, just as Valyr sat down on the chair in front of Jekyll, a barrier of mana swiftly surrounded the two of them as the latter swore a mana oath that made sure he would not divulge any information regarding their meeting, Valyr, or any other information related to him.
"I guess that's more than enough preparation to make sure no one will found out that you're here." Feeling the ambient mana that had enveloped his entire body gradually disappear now that he was done with the oath, Jekyll looked at Valyr with a relaxed smile, who looked back at him with a hint of disbelief.
"Haven't you ever stopped to think that my words might be lies?" Valyr asked Jekyll, who responded back to him with a hint of laughter.
"There are many things in life that would make me want to doubt, that is true." Jekyll nodded. "However, if there's something in life that I fully trust in, then that would be my instincts and my life experience thus far." <subtxt>.</subtxt>
"With that being said, after you radiated your full aura to me earlier, I instantly sensed the part of your aura that made me think 'Ah, he's definitely from the Zeihardt clan'. Though, it was only after you mentioned your surname to be Zeihardt did I really think about it deeper," continued Jekyll.
"And just because of that one fact, you went ahead and did all of this?" Valyr asked back.
"Isn't part of your Zeihardt clan searching the corners of the world for your existence?" replied Jekyll, looking back at Valyr with slight confusion. "Isn't that the reason why you decided to pick up a disguise skill?"
"I mean... yeah, that is true." Valyr nodded in agreement. "Though, what I don't get is..."
"How I seem to know everything about you, even though I'm from a city that's far away from the capital?" Hearing the words that came out of Jekyll's mouth, Valyr went silent for a bit before nodding.
"Well, that's quite simple." Seeing that he had gained his attention, Jekyll faintly smiled. "That's due to what I've gone through in the past."
"Unless you've thought of me as someone who owned this gambling den all throughout my life, of course." At these words, Valyr's expression quickly turned blank, prompting Jekyll to let out a sigh as he shook his head with a bitter smile.
"Then again, I never mentioned my surname to you either," said Jekyll soon after. "We only know each other by our first names."
"However, unlike you, who people mostly recognize by their name, I'm more recognized for the feat that I've done in the past." Hearing these words, Valyr looked at Jekyll with a raised eyebrow, wondering what feat the man would mention. Though, once the man had done so, Valyr was only left staring at him with his mouth wide open.
"Have you ever heard of..."
"The Northern Star?"
Chapter 480: Beyond The Northern Star

'You've got to be kidding me, right?' Listening to the question that Jekyll had asked him, Valyr could not help but feel a great amount of disbelief, scratching the back of his head in slight frustration.
"Judging by your reaction, I guess you have." Noticing Valyr's expression in response to his question, Jekyll could only chuckle in response, feeling a proud smile gradually creep up onto his lips. "It fills me with a bit of joy that someone like you has heard some of the things I've done in the past."
'Some of the things? If only you knew how much I know about you...' Briefly flashing a bitter smile at Jekyll's words, Valyr still could not get over the fact the man in front of him, the man who he only thought of someone who'd give him [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], was actually the man he idolized during Greater Beyond's first version.
'To think I would actually meet my idol here in person,' muttered Valyr to himself inwardly. 'Then again, considering this knowledge, I've met him in my past life as well.'
'Fate truly works in mysterious ways.'
Back in his past life, Valyr was told by some of his friends that he could get a passive skill that boosted his PER from a random NPC. During that time, the War of the Three Sovereignties had been declared officially over, which meant that all of the players were now preparing themselves for Greater Beyond's second version.
Wanting to prepare for the second version, just like the others, he went ahead and made a visit to Anadhar to claim the skill, only to be told that the number of people that had obtained the skill had already far exceeded his limit.
Surprisingly, the one who told him that was none other than Jekyll, who not only had a head full of gray hair in his past life thanks to the aftereffects of the war, but also looked more emaciated to the Jekyll he was currently facing.
Because of that, he truly believed that Jekyll was just a random NPC, being an owner of a gambling den that seemed to have a deeper past than what one would normally expect.
However, after Jekyll mentioned that he was the Northern Star, that notion swiftly disappeared in Valyr's mind, instead thinking that Jekyll giving a passive skill and legacy that ultimately boosted his PER stat was in line with his past.
And his future for that matter.
Now, one might ask... who really was the Northern Star?
From what Valyr could remember, the Northern Star was considered a war hero by the human race, having defended multiple areas on his own during the worst of the monster tides.
Aside from that, he played a vital role in a large-scale war in the past that embroiled multiple human kingdoms and orc kingdoms, single-handedly turning the tides around that allowed the human race to keep the territory the orcs decided to claim out of nowhere.
Then again, that was not the reason why Valyr was incredibly shocked to hear the moniker come out of Jekyll's mouth. Instead, it was the connection the moniker Jekyll mentioned to another moniker Valyr grew up to idolize.
The Silver Death.
'One arrow to kill a foe, ten arrows to kill them all.' With one of the Silver Death's famous lines lingering in his mind, Valyr began to recall all of the feats the Silver Death had achieved in his past life, his expression basically glowing with excitement at this point.
'A war veteran that has decided to give up the life of battle after a life-changing incident, the Silver Death returned to the battlefield after the War of the Three Sovereignties erupted in full force.'
'With great speeds, the Silver Death became one of the many pillars of the human race during the time of war, killing all of the human race's strongest foes with a single shot from his trusted bow and arrow.'
'Being at the forefront of the battlefield, it was said that many of those in the orc and elf races feared facing up against the Silver Death, claiming that even if they hid from the man's field of vision, they would still end up dying from his arrow.'
'One arrow for one life, ten arrows for ten lives, and a hundred arrows for a bloodbath.' Realizing that Jekyll was looking at him with an expression that expressed his discomfort, Valyr took in a couple of deep breaths to compose himself, retracting the feverish gaze that he unknowingly had on his face all this time.
'No matter what kind of foe he faced against in the battlefield, they would all fall on the ground after getting hit from a single shot of his bow and arrow.' At this point, Valyr let out a faint sigh as he felt a smile gradually creep up onto his lips. 'That feat also became the basis of his ascension, transcending mortality and becoming a Myth, which only made him a far scarier foe in the battlefield.'
'Seriously, I never expected to meet my past life's idol in person.' Repeating the words he had said earlier to himself, Valyr closed his eyes for a bit before returning to his calm expression. 'He's the entire reason why I decided to trek the path of ranged weapon development in the first place.'
'Now that I think about it, if I'm fast enough, I might even get the special title and class that comes along with being the first to introduce guns into this world.' Deciding to end his moment of reminiscing there, Valyr looked at Jekyll in the eyes with a calm smile as he opened his mouth, his words causing the latter to look at him with brief shock.
"On behalf of the human race, thank you for your contribution during the Athereian-Khr'gyan War."
"And here I thought I'd never hear another person mention that war again." Getting over the shock he felt from the words Valyr told him, Jekyll let out a peal of laughter as he looked at the young man with a slightly soft gaze. "I thought it was already a blessing to have a Herald of the Zeihardt clan take up the mantle of my legacy."
"But to think that same person would be so knowledgeable of my background as well." Jekyll continued to let out laughter. "I am truly honored."
"Anyways, I'm sure you didn't come here just for me to talk about my past as a fighter." Deciding to return to their original topic, Jekyll's expression returned to the calm it originally had. "With that being said..."
"How about we finally continue your inheritance of my legacy?"
Chapter 481: Eyes Of A Hunter

"I would definitely appreciate that." Valyr chuckled in response.
"I like that you're so straightforward." Nodding, Jekyll let out a bit of chuckle as well. After that, his expression became solemn. "Knowing that you've inherited the legacy of someone like me, what is your opinion of the skill I've given you?"
"Are you talking about [Gambler's Discerning Eyes]?" Seeing the man in front of him nod in response to the question, Valyr pondered over his answer for a bit before opening his mouth. "First of all, I would like to say that the increase to my perception is definitely helpful, though it doesn't really change anything significant."
"If anything, the part about [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] that would be considered truly useful would be the hyperfocus ability that comes attached with it." Hearing these words, Jekyll nodded in agreement.
Valyr continued, "Thanks to the hyperfocus ability, I could see things in far finer detail than they would normally have, which I tend to use often whenever I have to smoothen out imperfections in the items I forge."
"Oh? You took a blacksmithing subclass?" Raising his eyebrow in slight surprise, Jekyll nodded in understanding. "Learning a production subclass while having a combat class as your main will definitely help you out in the long run. In more ways than one at that."
"It's the other way around, though?" Wryly smiling, Valyr went ahead and clarified to Jekyll that his production class was actually his main class. Unsurprisingly, that more than surprised the man, considering that the young man had achieved a level of strength exceeding the norm with a production class as his main class.
"Well, that makes sense." Though, after Valyr mentioned that his blacksmithing class was of a high rarity, it did not take long for Jekyll to accept things, nodding a few times in understanding as he proceeded to ask the young man before him a question.
"Since you often use the skill's hyperfocus ability in forging, I won't ask you anything about the ability from that perspective," said Jekyll to Valyr. "However, have you tried using the hyperfocus ability in combat before?"
"I... have not?" Pondering over the question for a bit, Valyr ultimately shook his head in response.
"You're missing out on quite a lot if that's the case," replied Jekyll, slightly grinning as he looked at Valyr. "From a blacksmith's perspective, the hyperfocus ability allows you to see imperfections on items."
"Uh huh." Valyr nodded in agreement.
"Then, from a gambler's perspective, the hyperfocus ability would allow you to see the dealer's tricks and sleight of hand, giving you higher chances of winning."
"That makes sense."
"Now, if you were to give such an ability to a fighter, what would they see?" Asking this question to the young man, Jekyll looked at Valyr with a calm smile, waiting for him to respond.
"Hmm..." Scratching the back of his head for a bit as he thought over the question, as if a switch had been flicked on in his mind, an answer arose to the surface of Valyr's mind as he responded.
"Would they be able to see... weak spots?"
"Exactly." Jekyll nodded while grinning. "As I am currently an owner of a gambling den, I've portrayed this skill of mine as a skill that would allow potential gamblers to gain an edge over their competitors."
"However, the true nature and power of this skill does not lie in gambling."
"It lies in hunting." At these words, the edge around Jekyll's irises turned a faint red as he began to intently stare at Valyr.
In less than an instant, Valyr felt like all of his weaknesses had been exposed in front of Jekyll, making him think that if Jekyll decided to make a move on him at this instant, he would have no way to retaliate.
"Do you see what I mean now?" Retracting his gaze from Valyr, Jekyll let out a bit of laughter, to which Valyr responded with a nod and awkward chuckle of his own.
"I really thought I was going to die there," said Valyr, to which Jekyll nodded in agreement.
"It's a type of side effect that comes alongside the eyes I use. Though, the intimidation it instills into enemies is generally a good thing."
"Anyways..." Taking in a deep breath, Jekyll stood up from his chair and proceeded to head to a deeper part within the gambling den, beckoning for Valyr to follow him. "How about we change those eyes you have that's more suited for gambling..."
"...to one that's more suited for hunting?"
...
"Well, getting here took a bit longer than I thought." Eventually arriving at the place where he wanted to bring Valyr, Jekyll let out a low sigh of relief as he looked at the young man behind him.
"Out of all the things I'd expected a gambling den to have, a training ground would definitely be one of the last things I'd expect." Gazing at the sight before them, Valyr was left at a slight loss for words.
In terms of area, the training ground before them spanned at least ten times larger than the portion of the den that was dedicated for gambling. Normally, a gambling den covering such an area would stick out like a sore thumb in the streets of Anadhar City.
Thus, Jekyll had the training ground be made underground.
"Alright, let's begin the process of transforming those eyes of yours." Walking a bit into the gravel floor of the training ground, Jekyll made his way to a nearby weapon rack and grabbed a wooden staff.
Getting a feel for its balance and weight, he then faintly nodded to himself before proceeding to do a series of basic movements with the staff. Naturally, this sight left Valyr watching with his mouth wide open, not expecting the man famed for his usage of the bow and arrow to be well-versed in the staff as well.
"Huuu..." Letting out a drawn-out sigh as he held the staff horizontally, Jekyll then called for Valyr's attention as he began to instruct the young man on what to do.
"For the first step of this transformation process, what you have to do..."
Thwack! <subtxt>.</subtxt>
"...is land a single hit on my body."
Chapter 482: To Discern, To Discover, To Exploit

"You've got to be joking." Taking in a deep breath, Valyr looked at the man before him in slight disbelief, the sight of Jekyll slamming the staff on himself at full strength unharmed bringing shivers to his body.
Though his current level of strength would definitely cause quite a few people to turn their heads to look back at him, having the ability to fight against peak Rank 3 monsters, and even monsters at the early levels of Rank 4...
That level of strength was nowhere near enough for him to surmount the gap that existed between him and Jekyll.
At least... not yet.
"You do know how much of a gap we have in strength, right?" Looking at Jekyll with a bitter smile, he asked this question to the man, hoping that the latter knew what he meant by his words.
"Of course I do." Jekyll nodded, a slight playful smile creeping up on his face. "How about this? The goal doesn't change, but I can neither retaliate against your hits, nor defend against the hits you send at me to complete the goal."
"That doesn't really help out much, to be honest," said Valyr in response, thinking of the change from multiple perspectives.
Though Jekyll restricted himself from fighting or defending against Valyr's attacks definitely leveled the playing field somewhat, there was still the massive problem of having to overcome a difference in stats that came along with the ranks.
Naturally, it did not help out that Jekyll was already at the later levels of Rank 5 according to the aura Valyr sensed from him, though it wouldn't be surprising if he was already at the peak.
Sure, with his main class being Mythic grade, as well as having access to quite a decent number of buffing skills, Valyr would probably be able to match Jekyll in terms of agility and dexterity at certain situations.
However, that certainly wouldn't be the case once Jekyll started using buffs of his own.
"Do we really have to do this?" Considering that there was still a small chance for Jekyll to retaliate against him due to natural instinct, Valyr decided to try and ask the man for alternatives to truly increase his chances, even though his chances of landing a hit on Jekyll weren't actually that low.
"Well, if you think about it, it's a good way for me to gauge your current combat strength," said Jekyll in response, slightly shrugging his shoulders as he leaned on the wooden staff. "But since you're so adamant..."
"Alright, fine." Letting out a low sigh of defeat, Jekyll shifted his gaze towards a line of training dummies that were positioned a few dozen meters away from where they stood. "But before I talk about that, are you seriously not that confident in landing a hit on me? Even with the handicap I've given you?"
"I mean... I believe that my chances of landing at least a single hit on you wouldn't be low," replied Valyr.
"Then, why...?"
'Because it would be a pain in the ass to chase you around, only for my efforts to end up being useless.' Clearing his throat at the thought, Valyr decided to twist his thoughts a fair bit, giving Jekyll after my eyes have transformed?"
"Now you've piqued my interest." Grinning as he looked at Valyr, an answer that caused him to let out a peal of laughter.
"Well... wouldn't it be interesting for me to do something like that after my eyes have transformed?"
"Now you've piqued my interest." Grinning as he looked at Valyr, Jekyll soon used his staff as a pointing stick, diverting the young man's gaze towards the line of training dummies he looked at earlier.
"Since that's how you want it, might as well go along with it."
"Though it would have been faster for the transformation to happen if we were to do what I suggested earlier, this current method I'll be telling you isn't that half-bad either. After all, with it, you'd be able to understand the workings of the skill in greater detail," said Jekyll, his expression returning to its earlier calm.
"Anyways, through this process, I'm sure you'll begin to appreciate the gradual transformation that happens to your eyes."
"At first, you will only discern. Then, from that discernment, you'll begin to discover things that you can use to your advantage."
"And once you find those advantages..." Gripping tightly on the staff, Jekyll briefly radiated a bit of killing intent. "You exploit and kill."
"Only at that moment will your eyes be truly considered the eyes of a hunter." Taking in a deep breath, Jekyll moved to the side, giving Valyr the freedom to move deeper into the training ground.
"For your first step, what you have to do is to get used to the feeling of discerning slight imperfections on the training dummies you see ahead of you," Jekyll told Valyr. "After that, we transition from discernment to discovery, using these slight imperfections to peer deeper into the dummies and discover their weak spots. Only then can we move onto the next step."
"Go on now." After saying those words, Jekyll sat on the ground cross-legged, crossing his arms as he turned to look at the training dummies. Seeing this, Valyr looked at the man for a bit before proceeding to make his way to the training dummies, activating [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] the moment he was in front of one of them.
Whoosh!
As if his pupils had dilated, Valyr was able to look at the training dummy in far greater detail than he would normally be able to, noticing the various materials that were used in creating it in the first place.
"Thick plates of metal, strong leather sourced from monsters, a ton of hay..." Continuing to look at the training dummy in front of him, the young man began to wonder what Jekyll wanted him to find out.
Sure, he had been told that he needed to discern the slight imperfections on the training dummies and use them to discover their weak spots, but Valyr had no clue as to how the two were related.
"There's a couple of areas where the thread holding the pieces of leather are loose, and there are some areas where the hay isn't as compact compared to the others..." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr briefly scratched the back of his head. "How the heck would these imperfections show me this dummy's weak spots? In the first place, does it even have a weak spot?"
Taking in a few deep breaths, Valyr closed his eyes for a bit, realizing that he was hasty to find results in something that he had initially suggested. Letting out a low sigh, the young man opened his eyes and tried once more, utilizing the imperfections he had already discerned to find more and more imperfections on the training dummy.
And it was at that moment...
...that everything started to click.
Chapter 483: To Discover, To Exploit, To Kill

Whoosh!
As if all of the imperfections Valyr had noticed on the training dummy so far decided to show him the answer to his query, the young man soon noticed that almost all of the imperfections on the dummy seemingly had a connection between them, the origin of which was an imperfection that seemed to affect more than what meets the eye.
However, that imperfection was not the only one of its kind.
Soon enough, more and more imperfections that were the cause of other surface-level imperfections gradually began to pop up the longer Valyr looked at the dummy, only for him to find out that those deeper-level imperfections were connected as well, tracing their origins back to an imperfection that would affect even more imperfections than before.
"Is this what Jekyll meant by finding its weak spots?" Valyr muttered to himself, unsure of what he was discovering was right or not.
As someone who had been a veteran of the battlefield in his past life, it went without saying that Valyr had brewed his own type of combat sense for things like these, taking advantage of openings and weak spots in order to dish out more damage to his foes.
Though, as he continued to think about this combat sense while continuing to stare at the training dummy before him, he eventually came to realize that this combat sense he had brewed only worked effectively against those that were humans just like him, or monsters that were made up of flesh and blood.
Of course, his combat sense also encompassed a couple of beings that were beyond the scope of what he had come to known as his boundaries. However, those beings were mostly monsters that had glaringly obvious weak spots, or perhaps weak spots that would come to reveal themselves in due time.
With that in mind, the fact that he was finding weak spots in what was basically an inanimate object seemed absurd to the young man, even though his findings so far and the sight given to him by [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] more than confirmed that such an idea was not absurd at all.
"Huuu..." Continuing to gaze at the training dummy even further, Valyr soon began to find even more of the deeper imperfections on the training dummy, all of which were unsurprisingly connected once more, leading him to what looked to be the origin of all imperfections on the training dummy.
"A hairline crack on the surface of the wooden pole..." Taking in a deep breath as he came to discover this imperfection, Valyr eventually noticed that the skill had actually marked this incredibly deep imperfection with a dark red circle, something that did not disappear even when he turned his head away and looked back at it.
Getting the feeling that this dark red circle was the exact thing Jekyll was waiting for him to discover, Valyr turned to look at the man seated a fair distance away from him. "Hey, Jekyll. Have I become successful in finding a weak spot once a dark red circle appears in my vision?"
"Eh?" With his eyes briefly widening in disbelief from Valyr's words, Jekyll stood up and moved closer to where the young man was. Once there, he took a look at the training dummy in front of Valyr before returning to the young man. "What weak spot did you find in the training dummy before you?"
"I noticed that a hairline crack on the dummy's wooden pole seemed to be the root cause for many of the training dummy's imperfections," said Valyr in response, prompting Jekyll to finally look at the young man with utter shock.
"And how long has it been since you began looking for the dummy's weak spots? Like 15 minutes or so?" Letting out a sigh filled with disbelief, Jekyll looked at Valyr for a bit before turning his head towards the ceiling, pinching his forehead in the process. "Within that short amount of time, you've already discovered a weak spot?"
"Man, the Herald of the Zeihardt clan is really no joke." Saying these words, Jekyll let out a chuckle, which soon turned into full-blown laughter.
'I guess I can finally say I understand what others feel after someone who inherits your legacy does it faster than you,' thought Jekyll while laughing. 'It feels... great.'
With a smile adorning his face, he then asked Valyr to find the weak spots on the training dummies besides the one he had been looking at all this time.
Though it took him quite some time to go through the layers of imperfections on the training dummies, Valyr was eventually able to identify a weak spot on the other training dummies, prompting Jekyll to let out laughter that increasingly grew louder the more weak spots the young man discovered.
"Alright." Letting out a faint sigh of relief, Jekyll called for Valyr's attention. "Even though it takes you a while to find a weak spot in the training dummies, it's still plenty fast at your level. Plus, as long as you finish second step, searching for weak spots becomes second nature to you anyway."
"With that being said, let's move on to the next step," said Jekyll soon after, prompting Valyr to nod in response. "As I've mentioned before, the first step involves discerning imperfections and using those imperfections to discover weak spots."
"Now, for the second step, what I want you to do is to skip the discernment part and head straight to discovering those weak spots directly," he continued. "Then, once you do that, look through the various weak spots you've discovered and search for the weak spot amongst those weak spots that seem to contain more importance than the others."
"In other words, the vital spot," Jekyll told Valyr, which the latter committed to memory. "Once you find one of the training dummy's vital spots, not only will you have made searching for weak spots second nature..."
"You will have also proved yourself worthy to inherit the second part of my legacy... no."
"The true beginning of my legacy."
Chapter 484: To Exploit, To Kill, To Dominate

"Take as much time as you need. After all, you've only spent a little to complete the first step." After saying these words, Jekyll returned to where he previously sat, looking in Valyr's direction as he watched the man go through the process of completing the second step.
"Haah..." Looking at Jekyll for a bit to see if the man would tell him anything else, Valyr eventually returned his focus to the row of training dummies before him, letting out a faint sigh as he recalled the words Jekyll had mentioned regarding the second step. "First is to skip the discernment part and head straight to the discovering part."
"In other words, I have to find a way to expedite the process of discernment in a way that I would be able to discover more weak spots in the same amount of time." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr thought about how he was going to go about doing so.
Fortunately, it did not take long for him to obtain his answer, bitterly smiling as he thought to himself, 'There's no way to go about it other than to do it over and over again.'
"Huuu..." With the thought in mind, Valyr activated the hyperfocus ability of [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], returning his vision back to one where he would be able to discover the imperfections that the training dummies inherently had.
Just like before, he gradually weaved through the various layers of imperfections on the training dummy in order to eventually discover one of its weak spots. However, unlike before, he took note of the imperfections that he discovered, as well as the ones that were similar among them.
With that, he wondered if omitting them would allow him to expedite the process, deciding to test it out on the training dummy beside the one he had just identified.
Whoosh!
Once more, he weaved through the layers of imperfections on the new training dummy to find its weak spots. Though, this time around, he began to attempt omit discerning some of the imperfections in the process, hoping that he would discover the weak spot faster.
Unfortunately, instead of taking less time to discover the weak spot, he took more time to discover it, having to find imperfections that were more glaringly obvious before even being able to pinpoint the location of the weak spot.
Though the result of his first attempt at omitting part of the discernment process was considered a failure, Valyr did not give up, deciding to try the idea once more on the other training dummies that made up the row.
One by one, he would try a different approach in omitting part of the discernment process, though the core of it still remained more or less similar to the first idea he originally had. Surprisingly, he began to make a bit of progress with this approach, gradually finding more and more areas where he could omit the discernment process and arrive at the weak spot earlier.
"Hmm... I feel like I was omitting more than I could during my first attempt, hence why it took longer to discover the weak spot compared to the attempt that had no omission at all." Gaining more and more information on how he could optimize the discernment process, Valyr decided to time his next attempt at finding the weak spot, which now unsurprisingly took a considerably lower amount of time to discover.
Briefly taking delight in the fact that his thought process was finally heading in the right direction, Valyr swiftly returned to work, knowing that there was still a long way to go before he would be able to find multiple weak spots within the same amount of time it originally took him to find a single one.
"I would probably need to reduce the time for discernment down to around a fifth or a sixth of what it originally was before I could proceed onto attempts involving the search for vital spots," said Valyr to himself, only for him to continue whittling down the time it took for him to discover weak spots.
In what originally took him a couple of minutes to discern, Valyr was eventually able to reduce the time down to a minute. Then, after taking a bit more time, he began to take less than a minute, even reaching the 30 second mark at some point.
Unknowingly, four hours had passed since Valyr began his quest for greater efficiency.
...
With how much time had passed since Valyr began, the young man had finally gotten a thorough idea of what imperfections he could omit and what he couldn't, staring at the training dummy before him with a solemn gaze.
Whoosh!
"The metal shard at the back of the training dummy." Within a few seconds, Valyr swiftly went through the discernment process and found one of the dummy's weak spot, letting out a long sigh of relief as he could finally move onto the next part of the second step.
Searching through the weak spots to find the vital spot.
"Huuu..." Letting out a long and drawn-out sigh to calm his nerves down, Valyr pushed the hyperfocus ability of [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] to its limits once more, relying on the information he had gathered thus far to find a weak spot within a few seconds.
However, unlike before, where he would move onto another training dummy to find its weak spot, his eyes remained affixed on the current training dummy, moving his attention away from the dark red circle he had discovered for now as he aimed to make more dark red circles appear within his vision.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
With how much Valyr had refined his discernment process, it did not take long for the second weak spot to appear within the young man's field of vision... then the third... the fourth... the fifth...
In just a couple of minutes, over a dozen weak spots were quickly discovered by Valyr on the training dummy before him, giving him the feeling that making a move against even one of those would inflict a great amount of damage on the training dummy.
"Haah..." Taking yet another deep breath to not let his nerves get the better of him, Valyr then used the weak spots he had discovered to find the weak spot that had more importance amongst the others, the vital spot Jekyll had mentioned earlier.
"Not that one... not that one either..." Combing through the weak spots one by one, Valyr gradually began to notice that the weak spots could actually be classified into three categories: weak spots that only affected the surface-level imperfections, weak spots that also affected another weak spot, and weak spots that affected multiple weak spots.
Finally knowing what he had to look for, Valyr continued discovering more and more weak spots on training dummy, keeping an eye for weak spots that fell under the third category he had discovered.
Fortunately, after a few more minutes of intense searching, the young man had found the weak spot he was looking for, its marking within his vision now a pitch-black circle.
Ding!
[You have gained insights on using 'Gambler's Discerning Eyes' to a higher degree of proficiency.]
[The skill 'Gambler's Discerning Eyes' has shown signs of awakening.]
Chapter 485: The Gaze Of A Hunter

Taking a look at the notifications he had obtained for a bit, Valyr went ahead and closed the notification screen that popped up before proceeding to move onto the training dummy to his right.
After that, he activated [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] once more, delving through the various weak spots that had appeared within his sights before eventually noticing a pitch-black circle appear in his vision yet again.
Discovering things that he could omit during the process to come across a vital spot faster, the young man then moved onto another training dummy, making sure that he got the hang of searching through layers upon layers of weak spots to find that vital spot.
Only after he had done one round of vital spot searching on all of the training dummies did Valyr finally turn around to Jekyll, slightly smiling as he opened his mouth. "Jekyll, the vital spots appear like a dark circle in your field of vision, right?"
Whoosh!
Unlike before, where he somewhat leisurely made his way to where Valyr was after the young man had discovered his first weak spot, Jekyll stood up at great speeds and dashed to where the latter stood, his expression that of curiosity and shock.
"Did you successfully find a vital spot?" Asking this question to the young man, Jekyll's irises gained a crimson ring around them as he searched for the vital spots that existed in the training dummy in front of Valyr.
Faintly nodding in response at the man, Valyr returned his gaze to the dummy before him as he opened his mouth. "There's a loose strand of hay on the outer regions of the training dummy. If I pull on it even slightly, almost everything on the dummy will break into pieces and fall to the ground."
"..." Though Jekyll listened to the young man's words in silence, it did not stop the man from experiencing a great amount of disbelief and shock.
After all, what Valyr told him was the same weak spot he had found on the training dummy!
"Ahem." Taking a few breaths to compose himself, Jekyll cleared his throat before pointing at the training dummy to Valyr's right. "Try and find the vital spot of that dummy."
"Alright." Nodding in response, Valyr moved onto the training dummy to his right and proceeded to look at it with [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] active, eventually finding the vital spot Jekyll had discovered.
At this point, one would prompt the other side to stop, having made certain that the other side had already achieved the feat the one had tasked the other side to do. However, whether it was spurred on by immense disbelief or immense curiosity regarding Valyr's capabilities, Jekyll asked the young man to continue searching through the vital spots of the training dummies.
Naturally, Valyr delivered.
Going through the row of training dummies yet again, Valyr found its vital spots while keeping in mind what he could omit during the process, allowing each consecutive attempt of his to slightly reduce the time it took for him to find it.
In fact, it was solely because of that reason that by the time he and Jekyll had arrived at the last training dummy Jekyll had yet to confirm, Valyr's speed at finding the vital spot was only a couple seconds slower than Jekyll's, leaving the latter with his mouth wide open as he had no choice but to accept reality at this point.
"You really found all of their vital spots..." muttered Jekyll in slight disbelief, gazing at the young man in front of him, who looked back at him with a faint yet confident smile.
"Is there any other step after this?" asked Valyr, maintaining the faint smile that adorned his face.
"There is..." Jekyll nodded. "However, that step is something that could only be achieved once you've started to comprehend Intents and Forces."
"Aside from that, you've already more than proved yourself worthy of inheriting the true beginning of my legacy." At these words, Jekyll flashed a bitter smile. "The fact that you've figured out the first and second step within a quarter of a day... now I'm left wondering whether it would have been faster if you chose to try and land a hit on me instead."
"You've definitely made my efforts seem worthless, Valyr." Jekyll let out a chuckle. "However, it also makes me hopeful that you might be able to enhance this skill to a higher level once you inherit the other remaining parts of my legacy."
"Anyways, enough talks about the future. For now, follow me." Realizing that he had gone slightly out of topic, Jekyll quickly steered it back to their original topic as he gestured for Valyr to follow him.
With that, the two of them headed deeper into the training ground, eventually finding themselves in a secluded space within the training ground that looked like it had been left untouched for many years.
...
"You know, if I count the number of people that have been to this place, that number would actually fit in one hand." Closing the door behind them, Jekyll decided to make some small talk as he asked Valyr to sit down at the center.
"Around three, I presume?" Looking around the space they had entered, which only had the most basic of amenities would one possibly need for seclusion, Valyr made his way to the center and sat down.
"Only one, actually." Raising his pointer finger with a slight smile, Jekyll made his way to where Valyr sat, standing behind him as he took in a few deep breaths. "That one being you, of course."
"In any case, let's finally start the process."
Whoosh!
In an instant, Jekyll released the entirety of his aura, encompassing the entire space as Valyr immediately felt that he had arrived in the center of a battlefield, a place where only constant fighting existed.
"Push your eyes to their limits." Just as he had felt a bit of killing intent well up within him, the young man heard Jekyll's voice echo from behind him, prompting him to regain his focus as he did what he was told.
"[Gambler's Discerning Eyes]."
Swoosh!
At the very moment he had activated the skill, Valyr's vision underwent through a massive shift, allowing him to view the space around him in greater detail. However, due to the aura Jekyll was emanating, illusions of the battlefield gradually manifested in front of him, his sight now overlapping with a wasteland filled with the blood and bodies of thousands of humans.
"Now, peer through the illusions and find its core. Find its vital spot." Hearing Jekyll's calm voice resound from behind him once more, Valyr took in a deep breath and nodded, utilizing what he had learned earlier in order to achieve what Jekyll tasked him to do.
Though it took quite some time for Valyr to start discovering the weak spots within the illusions as he had gotten used to identifying training dummies all this time, that all changed once he found his first weak spot.
ndαsvεl.cοm Whoosh!
Snowballing from there, all of the experience and knowledge Valyr had accumulated in using the skill was shown in its entire glory, with the sight in front of him now littered with hundreds of dark red circles.
Continuing to look through the illusion as more and more dark red circles entered his field of vision, the young man eventually found the spot where all of the weak spots seemed to be connected, being situated at a spot that was no more than half a meter away from where he sat.
"The vital spot..." As he extended out his finger to touch it, Valyr's aura seemed to have undergone a slight change, something that did not go unnoticed under Jekyll's senses.
Within seconds, the aura Valyr radiated now exuded a sense of pressure that would only arise when one was facing up against a far stronger being than oneself. Not only that, but the aura also gave one the feeling of despair, making one feel a sense of hopelessness when up against someone like Valyr, especially when time went on.
'It's awakening...' Inwardly chuckling at the changes Valyr was undergoing through, Jekyll watched as the young man finally make contact with the vital spot he had seen, popping the illusion that had surrounded him all this time as Jekyll's aura disappeared in the process.
Swoosh!
As if it was waiting for Valyr to touch the vital spot, Valyr's irises, with [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] still activated, now gained a crimson ring around him, instantly enhancing his abilities to look at his surroundings in far greater detail.
Concurrently, as he felt his field of vision undergo a massive shift due to this change, a series of notifications went off in his mind.
Ding!
[Your insights on using 'Gambler's Discerning Eyes' to greater proficiency have reached a higher level, allowing the shackles binding the skill to finally break, returning the skill to its original form.]
[The skill 'Gambler's Discerning Eyes' has returned and awakened to its original form, evolving to Epic grade.]
[The skill 'Gambler's Discerning Eyes' has evolved to 'Hunter's Tracking Eyes' due to the change in grade.]
Chapter 486: The Deadliest Of Weak Spots

Deciding to deactivate the newly evolved skill for the meantime, Valyr closed his eyes for a bit before opening them, the crimson rings surrounding his irises earlier now gone. After that, he stood up and walked around for a bit, gazing at entirety of the secluded space the two of them were in as he took a couple of deep breaths.
"It wears off after some time," said Jekyll all of a sudden, his words aimed towards Valyr. "As long as you rest for a couple of minutes, you'll be able to use the skill again no problem."
"Anyways, what do you think of your first time using the skill?" Asking this question, Jekyll smiled.
"Incredibly disorientating," Valyr said in response, his pace slowing down a bit. "Of course, that was only for a while. After all, the evolution to my eyes came all of a sudden."
"Though, if I were to find a word that would sum up what I really felt while using those eyes..." Valyr rubbed his chin for a bit. "It would be the word... overwhelming."
"Overwhelming, huh." Mulling over the word Valyr gave him, Jekyll eventually nodded in agreement as he slightly smiled. "I can definitely understand what you mean by that."
"With [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], though the hyperfocus ability does give you a greater amount of detail on what you're looking at, it would be more accurate to say that the ability just allows you to zoom in on what was already there," said Jekyll, to which Valyr nodded in understanding.
"On the other hand, the evolution of that skill, the skill that I consider the true start of my legacy... now that operates in a different way." At these words, Jekyll's expression became solemn. "Not only does it allow you to zoom in on what was already there, it also gives you the ability to see beyond what's already there." <subtxt>.</subtxt>
"It allows you to see things that are invisible to the naked eye, tiny connections between things that no normal person would ever think of looking at... the intangible." Jekyll let out a faint sigh. "It is through seeing the intangible can you discover the weak spots of things and beings more easily, even going so far as to discover their vital spots."
"Speaking of weak spots and vital spots, I should remind you about something before I forget." Hearing these words from Jekyll, Valyr stopped in his tracks and looked at him.
"Though you've evolved those eyes of yours to become the eyes of a hunter, it only becomes more useful the more often you use it," Jekyll told Valyr. "What I mean by that is... have you noticed how the knowhow you've accumulated while looking at the dummies didn't help you out that much when you began to look for the illusion's vital spot?"
"Yeah." Valyr nodded, understanding what Jekyll was trying to say. "In other words, I should familiarize my vision with more beings and items in order to make sure that something like that doesn't happen in the future, right?"
"You've pretty much hit the mark." Jekyll grinned. "Of course, there are still times where you'll be up against some creature that goes beyond mere familiarization, but familiarization would still help you out in the long run."
"Also, note that there are generally hundreds to thousands of weak spots on beings and items, while the number of vital spots you might find would be one or two at most." Seeing as they've fulfilled their task within this secluded space, Jekyll made his way outside the space, urging Valyr to follow him.
"However, as I've said earlier, there are still times where you're up against creatures that go beyond normal levels of understanding." Making their way back to the stairway that would lead them back to the gambling den proper, Jekyll continued to talk about the nuances of the skill. "In those cases, it wouldn't be surprising to find dozens, even hundreds of vital spots on them."
"But... if you decide to dig through those vital spots and find the sole spot connecting all of them together, you would have stumbled across a spot that would spell certain death to the one fighting against you."
"Of course, because it has that kind of effect on the creature, I've decided to call it the fatal spot." At these words, Jekyll briefly let out a snicker. "I'll leave it up to you to see what kind of effects hitting these spots on your foes are like."
"For now, let's just say that hitting them would make for some interesting situations."
...
"And... we're here." Standing in front of the stairway that would lead them back to the gambling den, Jekyll stopped in his tracks as he looked at Valyr with a proud smile. "Just like how it took a while for you to inherit this part of my legacy, the next part of my legacy will only be available once you've comprehended an Intent of your own."
"With that, this is where we'll have to part ways." Giving Valyr a nod filled with gratitude, Jekyll went ahead and began to make his way up the stairs. However, after taking a few steps, he stopped and looked back, only to see that Valyr hadn't moved at all.
"The sun is about to set, you know," said Jekyll, a slight frown appearing on his face. "Though I expected you to take longer to comprehend this part of my legacy, I would've still stopped you midway and asked you to come back the next day once the sun began to set."
"That's not really a problem," replied Valyr, playfully smiling. "I don't really have any other place to be at the moment."
"But, do you remember the answer I gave you earlier after I requested for you to change the method of obtaining your legacy?"
"The answer you gave me earlier..." Hearing those words, Jekyll furrowed his brows as he traced their conversation up to when they first arrived at the training ground.
"Don't tell me..." Finally realizing what Valyr meant by his words, the man's eyes slightly widened in surprise.
"How about it? Weren't you curious to see what level of strength I've reached?" Letting out a faint chuckle, Valyr made his way back to the training ground, taunting Jekyll with a wave of his hands.
"You brat..." Slowly shaking his head, Jekyll let out a long sigh. Though, not long after, a wide grin adorned his face as he headed deeper into the training ground as well.
"I won't hold back just because you're a Herald, you know."
"Don't worry. I wasn't expecting you to."
Chapter 487: A Deadly Game Of Chase

Thud!
Pushing the wooden staff he had picked up once more into the ground, Jekyll gestured for Valyr to distance himself a couple meters of away from him, which the latter promptly did.
"Alright." With the two nodding at one another to signify that both of them were ready, Jekyll had a slight grin on his face as he opened his mouth. "Before we truly go ahead with this, let me ask you one more time."
"Are you sure you wanna do this?" he asked, focusing all of his attention on Valyr's face.
"Well, I did say earlier that it would be more interesting if we did this once my eyes have transformed." Chuckling, Valyr nodded. "Since that's the case, I won't go back on what I've said. I am a man of my word, after all."
"If you say so," said Jekyll in response, a grin still adorning his face.
"Anyways, to make this more even, feel free to choose any weapon you want to use from the weapon rack there." After that, Jekyll briefly looked at the spear behind Valyr's back before pointing at the weapon rack where he had gotten his wooden staff, causing Valyr to look at it for a bit as he thought about the side effect that came with the curse.
'I definitely wouldn't be able to use my spear... or any spear for that matter,' thought Valyr to himself as he recalled what had happened in the Shadow Plane, appearing in front of the weapon rack sometime later. Rubbing his chin for a bit as he continued to look, he eventually decided to pick up a wooden longsword, only for a frown to appear on his face.
"Mngh..." Letting out a faint groan, Valyr felt a wave of pain wash over his body as his back began to glow a faint crimson. Not long after, small strands of crimson energy stemming from the mark on his back began to course through his body, all of which made their way to the wooden longsword he was holding.
"Haah..." Having gone through the process once, Valyr had seemed to build up some sort of resistance to the process, causing him to let out a sigh of relief as the pain began to subside.
However, most of his attention was still fixated on the wooden longsword before him, which now took on a tinge of crimson, its aesthetic now appearing to be slightly inspired by the form of spiders.
'Guess the side effect applies to any physical weapon.' Reminding himself that he would need to alleviate or remove the curse at some point even though he unexpectedly gained something from it, Valyr placed the transformed longsword to the side as he began to make his way back where he previously stood.
"You're not gonna use a weapon?" Seeing that the young man had not chosen a weapon from the rack, Jekyll looked at the spear on Valyr's back once more before deciding to ask a question out of curiosity. <subtxt>nnrea.o</subtxt>
"It would be more correct to say I'm discouraged from using one." In response, Valyr flashed a bitter smile at the man before pointing at the longsword he had inadvertently transformed.
"Huh." Furrowing his brows for a bit, Jekyll went ahead and grabbed the longsword Valyr had picked up earlier, only to begin feeling that he was slowly losing his strength.
Frowning, he put the longsword down and used his identification skill to get a better look at what was going on.
"A curse, huh." Surprisingly, Jekyll got to the crux of the matter, finally realizing why Valyr did not choose to wield the blood red spear on his back. "Whoever cast this curse on you is definitely ruthless."
"You can definitely say that again." Hearing Jekyll's words, Valyr wryly smiled, watching as the former returned to his spot from earlier.
"So, will you be relying on hand-to-hand combat during our small game? Or will you be relying on something else?" Seeing as there seemed to be no other way around Valyr's restriction on weapons, Jekyll decided to ask the young man what he planned on doing.
"I guess I'll use magic." As he replied to the question, Valyr conjured a small bolt out of mana, prompting Jekyll to nod in response.
"Alright then." Feeling a bit more at ease with Valyr having access to another form of combat, Jekyll began to go through the rules and conditions of their small game one more time. "Once again, the goal is for you to land a hit on me. As long as you do that, it would be considered your win."
"Naturally, since you declined my suggestion from earlier, I am allowed to fight back against any attempts at hitting me, as well as defend against any attempts at me." At these words, Jekyll let out a slightly mischievous chuckle.
"Of course, to somewhat even out the playing field, you're allowed to use any of your skills at your own discretion, whether it be buffing skills, illusion skills, stealth skills and so on," Jekyll continued. "On the other hand, I am not allowed to use any of my skills. However, I am allowed to use the Intent I've comprehended."
"Now that I think about it, the condition for you winning is more along the lines of you landing a hit on me, or you forcing me to use a skill," said Jekyll not long after. "Actually... that seems more fair."
"Let's go with that, then." Making up his mind on what the conditions of Valyr's win were, Jekyll soon began to count the two of them down, allowing them to prepare themselves for what was basically a deadly game of chase.
"3... 2... 1..."
"Go!"
"[Limit Break]!"
"[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]!"
"[Intermediate Wind Magic Style: Cascading Tempest]!"
Whoosh!
As if the young man was waiting for the go signal all this time, Valyr swiftly activated a series of buffing skills, enhancing his stats by a significant degree to even out the playing field even further. Not long after, he dashed towards Jekyll as he began to conjure blades of crimson flame on both hands, hoping to catch the latter off guard.
"Color me surprised." Jekyll chuckled, stepping back a couple of times to dodge the blades of crimson flame Valyr had thrown at him. "If I didn't know any better, I would've thought you were already at Rank 4, perhaps even the middle of Rank 4."
"Thanks for the..pliment!" Giving Jekyll a slightly maniacal grin in response, Valyr began to throw more and more blades of crimson flame at the man, hoping to overwhelm the former to the point he would be forced to use a skill.
"So, that's how you're going to go about it, eh?" Faintly smiling as he deflected a considerable portion of the blades heading his way with his wooden staff, Jekyll's expression gradually turned calm as his aura slowly began to disappear.
"Well, let me just remind you that..."
"I am free to use my Intent."
…
…
…
"Intent of Lightning."
Chapter 488: Through The Lightning And The Flames

Bookmark this website e.cm to update the latest novels.
Swoosh!
Crackle! Crackle!
In less than an instant, Jekyll's demeanor underwent through a massive change as his eyes seemed to glow a bright cyan. Accompanying it was an aura that made one feel like one had stepped into the center of a thunderstorm, which was what Valyr currently felt as Jekyll activated his Intent of Lightning.
"Better prepare yourself." As Jekyll said these words, a few small sparks of lightning flickered around his eyes, making Valyr's expression turn solemn as he heeded those words wisely. After all, he was up against a Rank 5 class holder, someone using his Intent at that.
"I'll do my best to control myself." Watching as the young man before him got into a stance that would allow him to dodge to the best of his abilities, Jekyll began to imbue the energy of his Intent into the wooden staff he held.
"Though... I don't know if my lightning will do the same." Wielding the wooden staff as if it were a sword, he then bent his knees before charging towards Valyr with all of his strength, slashing out in a horizontal arc at the very moment he was in front of the young man.
Whoosh!
"Woah!" Hastily ducking under the extended staff as he made sure to keep his balance, Valyr let out a long sigh of relief as he stood up once more. However, rather than continue to remain at ease...
Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!
As if his opponent had lost control of himself, Jekyll began to send a barrage of attacks towards the young man, all of which were imbued with the Intent of Lightning. Knowing that even a single hit of that landing on him would prove fatal, Valyr summoned the entirety of his strength as he sidestepped and dodged all of them.
"Didn't you say you would only fight back or defend against any attempts at hitting you?" Finding an opportunity amidst the barrage of attacks Jekyll was sending him, Valyr swiftly increased the distance separating the two of them as he frowned. "I haven't even sent an attack your way yet!"
"Did I say that earlier?" With his eyes still having sparks flickering around its periphery, Jekyll grinned at Valyr before letting out a chuckle. "Well... just consider all of this a retaliation to your attempts at landing a hit on me earlier."
"Well, that ain't fair." Bitterly smiling at Jekyll's response, Valyr decided to take matters into his own hands, sending a few flaming tornadoes his opponent's way. "Then again, there was no such thing as fairness ever since we started this."
"I'm glad you caught on quickly." Laughing in response to Valyr's words, Jekyll maneuvered around the flaming tornadoes the young man sent towards him, rely on his Intent of Lightning to improve his movement speed. <subtxt>.</subtxt>
However, just as he thought that he had passed through all of the flaming tornadoes, he was soon met by a barrage of orbs made out of earth and water, all of which combined in midair to send a ton of mud flying his way.
Splash! Splash! Splash!
"Now this is what I consider ruthless." Dodging a few of the orbs of mud that fell down his way, Jekyll eventually became tired of staying passive, imbuing his wooden staff once more with his Intent of Lightning. After that, he swiped away all of the orbs of mud that barred his way, carving out a path that would directly lead him to Valyr.
"[Hunter's Tracking Eyes]." Naturally, with how constrained he felt the previous time Jekyll sent out a barrage of attacks at him, Valyr was not going to stay still, moving around the training ground as he activated the skill he had just evolved not long ago.
Whoosh!
"Mngh..." Though the amount of information he obtained through the skill far exceeded what he previously obtained through [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], Valyr was able to endure the overwhelming feeling the skill gave him, knowing that the only thing stopping him from getting used to the feeling was time.
'Time to look for some ways to turn the tides to my favor.' With his irises gaining a crimson ring around them, the young man began to focus his sights on Jekyll as he continued to run around the training ground, weaving his way through the small imperfections he could find on the man's body.
"So, you actually have that kind of problem, huh." Unsurprisingly, with his familiarity with the human body thanks to his past combat style, it did not take long for him to find a weak spot he could exploit, sending out a few blades of crimson flames Jekyll's way.
"Now, wouldn't it be a shame if I made it worse?"
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
"He's fast." As he continued to chase Valyr around the training ground, Jekyll was forced to slow down as he noticed a series of blades heading his way.
However, rather than all of them attempting to make contact with any part of his body, the blades instead embedded themselves into the ground in front of Jekyll, forming a narrow path that the man found odd at first.
Then again, it did not take long for Jekyll to realize what Valyr was doing after crossing the path of blades, feeling the joints on his ankles tighten up from the maneuver.
"Finally using your new vision to your advantage, huh?" Slightly frowning at first, this frown soon turned into a grin as Jekyll took note of the crimson rings surrounding Valyr's irises. "And here I thought we'd be chasing one another without relying on them at all."
"But since you've decided to use it... two can play it that game." Activating his own version of [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], a couple of crimson rings swiftly surrounded Jekyll's irises as he began to search for any hints of a weak spot on Valyr's body.
"Hyah!" Unsurprisingly, with his greater experience in combat and using the skill in general, it did not take much time for the man to find a weak spot to exploit, sending out a couple blades of energy as he slashed out with the wooden staff.
"[Crimson Blaze]!" Having noticed these blades of energy, Valyr sent out a couple of fireballs to intercept them, only for them to cut through the fireballs as if they were nothing.
"Ah,crud!"
Bang!
Chapter 489: We Carry On

"Ah..." Only realizing the strength he had put into his attack as the blades of energy cut through Valyr's fireballs, Jekyll's pupils narrowed as he felt a bit of concern towards the young man's condition. "I didn't severely injure him... did I?"
"Haah... haah... haah..." Fortunately, after a few seconds of silence, Jekyll heard the sounds of strained breathing echoing from where the young man previously stood, anxiously waiting to see Valyr's condition as he fixated his gaze in the sound's general direction.
"You almost killed me, you know?" By the time the dust had settled, which had been stirred up by the blades of energy he had sent, Jekyll was greeted by the sight of a slightly injured Valyr, his body now sporting a few lacerations on his arms and upper torso.
Though, as he was wearing his Nascent Wyvern Armor, these lacerations only went through the scales making up the armor's outer layer at most, with the blunt force from the blades doing most of the damage on the young man.
"I know you're enjoying the game of chase we're doing, but don't you think you went a bit too far there?" Frowning, Valyr looked at Jekyll just as the latter had let out a faint sigh of relief, only for him to let out a sigh of his own soon after.
Although it seemed as if the blades of energy had made full contact with Valyr's body after it had cut through the fireballs he had sent out to intercept it, as the one who had to combat against it, Valyr knew that it wasn't the case.
At the very instant he cursed at the moment he noticed the blades cut through the couple orbs of crimson flame he had sent out, he swiftly activated [Intermediate Wind Manipulation] to its fullest, hoping to create a gust of wind strong enough to slow down the speed of the blades.
Sadly, the decrease in speed only amounted to a few percent at most. However, that was more than enough for the young man to distance himself a bit further from the blades as he then sent out a barrage of attacks using [Intermediate Earth Magic Style].
Having to cut through tons of earth, the power that was contained in the blades of energy began to diminish bit by bit. If not for the fact that he had run out of mana after having to use it wantonly to save himself, there probably wouldn't be any remnant energy from the blades that would have collided with his armor.
'Intents are scary,' Hearing Jekyll apologize to him that he went a bit too far, Valyr could not help but shudder at the strength the man's Intent gave him. After all, a normal attack from Jekyll imbued with Intent was more than enough to kill someone him, an anomaly among Rank 2 class holders.
'After the inheritance, I should evolve to Rank 3 and get my hands on an Intent as quickly as possible.' Being reminded of the might Intents gave a person after having witnessed it once more, Valyr made a mental reminder that he made sure to not forget as he returned his attention back to reality.
"Should we continue?" Feeling a bit guilty from the fact that he had almost killed his inheritor, as well as a genius that would possibly become renowned throughout the world in the future, Jekyll's will to continue their game of chase had reduced to nothing, looking at Valyr with a slightly apologetic gaze.
"Well, it would be a shame if our game ended without a clear winner," said Valyr in response, moving closer to the man. "Then again, with how you're giving me the feeling that you want to end it here, it's not like it would be right to force you to continue either."
"Oh no. I actually don't have a problem with continuing." Hearing that Valyr was fine continuing their game of chase, Jekyll looked at him with slightly widened eyes. "It's just that... I fear that I might end up doing the same thing again."
"If that happens, then you better help me out in stopping it at the very least," replied Valyr, hoping to lighten the mood with his words.
"...yeah, I was actually pretty stupid not to dispel that." Thankfully, the young man's words had worked its charm, causing Jekyll to let out a chuckle. <subtxt>red.cm</subtxt>
"So... ready for round two?" Giving Jekyll some time to think over things, Valyr eventually offered to continue their game of chase after waiting for a couple of minutes.
"Yeah. Thanks." Nodding in response, Jekyll began to distance himself from Valyr as he told the man to prepare himself.
Whoosh!
After Jekyll gave another sign that signalled the continuation of their game of chase, Valyr activated all of his buffing skills once more, allowing him to close the gap between them within seconds.
"Intent of Lightning!" With his eyes flashing a bright cyan once more, Jekyll imbued his wooden staff with the energy of his Intent before slashing out in a cross, forcing Valyr to dispel the magic spell he was conjuring as he distanced himself from the man once more.
"You know... it's starting to become kind of annoying that none of my attacks have had any effect on you." After dodging a couple more attacks Jekyll had sent his way, Valyr said this to his opponent.
"Well, it's probably because I have an Intent," said Jekyll in response, moving his wooden staff to the side. "On second thought, it's definitely because I have an Intent."
"You could surmount the gap in our stats with buffing skills, but having access to an Intent is something you can't surmount that easily," he continued. "Of course, if you were Rank 3 and not Rank 2, things would be different."
"I'd probably still lose." Valyr bitterly smiled, deciding to grab the blood red spear behind his back. "After all, I wouldn't have had much time to practice with my Intent."
"Wait... don't you have a curse that stops you from using weapons?" Noticing that Valyr was grabbing the spear behind his back, Jekyll instantly felt an odd sense of unease all of a sudden.
"To be more exact, it's a curse that discourages me from using weapons," said Valyr in response. "In any case, since I don't have an Intent of my own that would fight against yours, I've decided to use something else instead."
"And that would be...?"
"An overwhelmingly large skill."
...
...
...
"[Shadow Serpent Style]!"
"[Tide of the Dark Night]!"
Chapter 490: Forced To Go All Out

Whoosh!
Summoning pure Shadow Energy from the small black mass near his heart, Valyr had the dark energy course through his body, ending up at the tip of his blood red spear as a wave of Shadow Energy soon manifested in front of him.
Spanning a height and width of a few meters at first, the wave swiftly grew in size as it made its way to where Jekyll stood, spanning over tens of meters within seconds.
"Well, that ain't fair." Saying these words to himself as his expression grew solemn, Jekyll eventually let out a faint chuckle as he realized he had basically said the same thing Valyr said earlier during the first portion of their game of chase.
"There's no such thing as fairness." Naturally, Valyr picked up on Jekyll's words, grinning as he wondered what the latter would do to defend against his attack.
Even though his control over magic and the strength of his magic spells had grown large enough for him to be able to use it as a main combat style, the techniques he could access through [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] were still the most destructive techniques he had in his arsenal.
With that in mind, it was no surprise that Valyr went slack-jawed when he saw the wave of Shadow Energy suddenly split apart into two, making the young man feel as if he had witnessed someone part the seas in half.
Imbuing a great portion of his Intent into the wooden staff, Jekyll was able to split Valyr's skill, relying on the several weak spots he had found through his unique eyes as he exerted a great portion of his strength.
"Haah... haah..." Though only a bit of sweat formed around his forehead, the man knew that if the wave were to come into contact with him, just like how Valyr would have been killed by the blades of energy sent out, he would end up becoming severely, if not mortally wounded.
"That... definitely caught me off guard," said Jekyll after he had caught his breath, revealing a mocking smile to Valyr. "However, I was still able to defend against it."
"Are you seriously still at the peak of Rank 2?" he added not long after. "With that kind of combat strength, I would have even mistaken you for someone at the peak of Rank 4 if we were out in the battlefield."
"I don't really have any reason to lie to you," replied Valyr, smiling as he took the man's words as a compliment. "If anything, I owe it all to the main class I currently have."
"Speaking of which, you might be able to defend against one of those skills..." Not long after, this smile turned into a slightly malevolent grin as Valyr continued to wield the spear, only to jump into the air and summon his Shadow Energy once more.
"But how about four?"
"[Tide of the Dark Night]!"
Whoosh!
Once again, a wave of dark energy appeared before Jekyll, causing his expression to turn solemn as he pushed his eyes to the limit in hopes of finding a weak spot to exploit. However, just as he was about to make a move against the wave before him, another wave of dark energy appeared to his side, seemingly moving him into a corner.
"I think this might be the strongest attack I'll ever muster up for the meantime." Ignoring the fact that his strength continued to decrease as he wielded the spear, Valyr swiftly ran to the best of his abilities, utilizing [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] to find areas that he could exploit before sending out another [Tide of the Dark Night].
With that, Jekyll was eventually boxed in by four waves of dark energy, forcing the solemn expression to turn slightly grim as the number of weak spots in his vision surprisingly began to disappear the closer they got.
"Mmh..." Letting out a low groan at how it was taking him so long to find a way out, Jekyll pushed the gears in his mind to their limits, turning them madly as he began to imbue his Intent of Lightning into his wooden staff.
"There!" Eventually, just as the four waves were about ten meters away from him, Jekyll found a vital spot that he could exploit, putting all of his strength into it so that he could force his way through the dark waves and escape.
Unfortunately...
"[Breath of the Nascent Wyvern]!" As if he was waiting for the man to find the vital spot all this time, Valyr swiftly breathed a large wave of fire in the general area where Jekyll hoped to break through. Surprisingly, this move from the young man caused the vital spot the man was aiming for to disappear, forcing him to find another one before he was hit by the waves.
"Agh! Darn it!" Now somewhat annoyed that he was forced to find a way out again, Jekyll decided to end things once and for all, circulating his mana and his Intent of Lightning into the wooden staff as he began to thrust the staff in every direction.
"[Wrath of the Lightning Hunter]!"
"[Stellar Oblivion]!"
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
Within a couple seconds, Jekyll sent out over hundreds of strikes towards the waves of dark energy surrounding him, dismantling the energy forming them bit by bit.
Unsurprisingly, with his mana and his Intent working in tandem, the Shadow Energy fueling the waves were no match for it, causing all of them to disintegrate as particles of light and dark briefly covered the training ground.
"..." Feeling a hint of fear from possibly being hit by one of the strikes Jekyll sent out, Valyr swiftly distanced himself from the man as his eyes glistened with awe, taking in the sight before him in its entirety.
After all, in the world of Veldanyr, it was rare for those at Rank 5 and above to make a move. Therefore, the young man cherished this moment before him as he not only witnessed one of the peak powers retaliated against his attacks, he witnessed his idol and his inspiration retaliate against his attacks.
"Darn it... I am never going to suggest playing a game with a monster like him ever again." Letting out a long sigh as he dropped the wooden staff to the ground, Jekyll looked at his surroundings, eventually noticing Valyr standing a few dozen meters away from where he was.
Recalling what he had done at the very end of his attempts at defending against Valyr's attack, a bitter smile appeared on Jekyll's face as he made his way towards the young man. "For someone at the peak of Rank 2, it almost feels unreal for me to say that you have the capabilities to severely injure a Rank 5 class holder, possibly kill them even."
"In any case, since I used a skill to defend against your attack, I consider it as my loss," said Jekyll, laughing not long after. "Once you comprehend your own Intent, perhaps we could do this once more, but with me being less restricted."
"Well, with all things considered, if you were truly serious and went all out, my chances of winning would have been zero," said Valyr in response, smiling as he enjoyed the game he played with Jekyll... even if he almost died at one point. "If anything, this just gives me more reason to continue honing my strength."
"As you should, really." Jekyll grinned. "Though it may seem like I'm not in the know since I stay here at Anadhar, I already know about the orc outbreak happening in Algerie. With that, the greatest reassurance you could have when all heckbreaks loose is the strength you've cultivated thus far."
"After all, unlike some people, it won't betray you."
"I'll definitely keep that in mind." Seeing as he now truly had no more reason to stay around the gambling den, Valyr decided to finally head back to Algerie, placing his spear behind his back as he went up the stairway, with Jekyll following behind him not long after.
...
"Once again, let me remind you that the next part of my legacy can only be obtained once you comprehended your own Intent." With the sky already dark, Jekyll and Valyr bade their farewells near the gambling den's entrance. "Of course, you're free to experiment with the skill if you want. You might come across something about it that would not need an Intent at all."
"It'll be a while before I get around to doing that," said Valyr in response, wryly smiling. "I'm currently preparing for something, actually. Obtaining the second part of your legacy was part of that preparation."
"You don't have to tell me what you're preparing for," replied Jekyll, gesturing Valyr that he could leave at any time. "You've already told me more than enough after you've revealed your identity to me."
"Alright then." Deciding that he should really head back to Algerie in preparation for the small tournament that was happening in the next couple of days, Valyr finally waved goodbye at the man, only to stop in his tracks not long after. "Now that I think about it, I've told you my name, but you haven't told me yours."
"Does it really make any difference?" Jekyll let out a bit of laughter as he eventually obliged. "Fine, fine. But I'll only repeat it just once."
"Jekyll Endheid. A Count of the Astella Region, and a member of the Imperial Endheid clan."
"Of course, it'd be better for you to know me as the owner of the Silver Gambling Den." Grinning, he then urged Valyr to finally leave. "Alright, go. Now get out of my sight."
"As you wish, Sir Endheid."
"Bah! Don't get used to greeting me like that. Sounds stupid."
Chapter 491: Forging Once More

Algerie Kingdom.
"Finally… I finally got my hands on a private workshop." Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief as the attendant working with him had confirmed his request, Valyr soon made his way through the hallways of the Blacksmith Guild, eventually finding himself in a corridor lined to the brim with similar-looking workshops.
After having finished his task back at Anadhar, Valyr did not hesitate to use the Blacksmith Guild's Teleportation Hall to teleport back, using his authority as a Legacy Core Member to get the teleportation circles started even if it was already nighttime.
By the time he had returned to the inn, it was already late in the night, with Wells already having fallen asleep. With that, he decided not to wake up the man as he ordered a light meal to satiate his hunger.
Once he had eaten his fill, he then headed to his portion of the room and proceeded to fall asleep on his bed, recuperating the physical and mental energy he had expended in Anadhar.
After a few hours had passed and he had woken up, he then went through his daily routine and made his way to the Blacksmith Guild, telling himself that the day tomorrow was an important day. After all, it would be the first time he would meet the other candidates also participating in the Four Pillars' Inheritance.
"I should start forging some stuff instead of admiring this place." Recalling that Julian had stopped by earlier to inform him that he had something to tell him, Valyr quickly fired up the mana furnace near the back of the workshop, ordering a few sets of materials from the guild with the help of an attendant soon after.
Thanks to his position as a Legacy Core Member, the amount he paid to obtain the materials he asked for was significantly lower than it normally was, causing a content grin to appear on his face as he looked at the pile of materials he had gotten with the remaining money in his money pouch.
"As long as I make as much equipment out of these materials as possible and make sure that they're of decently high rarity and quality, I'll make more than what I spent to buy the materials to make them." With his money pouch now devoid of the money it used to hold, Valyr swiftly took out the Hammer of Beginnings from his spatial bracelet and began to forge equipment with great gusto.
"Hmm... weapons would probably sell more nowadays, considering that people would be preparing for the worst to happen regarding the outbreak." Pondering over what type of equipment he would forge, it did not take long for the young man to have an idea in mind, partitioning the amount he would use per equipment in the process to maximize his gains.
Nevertheless, with how eager he was to be forging once more, and how he already had tons of experience doing the same thing, the forging process had already begun long before he had clarified what he was going to do, chucking in a great number of materials into the furnace in preparation for what was to come next.
"Now that I think about it, I should have gotten some attributed materials to make elemental weapons." Deciding to familiarize himself with the mechanics of his forging hammer whilst he waited for the materials to get up to temperature, a thought popped up into the young man's head all of a sudden.
"Then again, the difference in stats between the two is negligible, even more so if I take the Hammer of Beginnings into consideration." Continuing to go through his thoughts in a mutter, Valyr eventually grabbed a couple of materials out of the furnace and placed it onto the anvil, seeing that they were ready for forging.
Raising his forging hammer up in the air, he then began to hammer the materials down, shaping it into the rough forms of the weapons he wished to create. "Huh. Now that I think about it, I still haven't taken a look at the title I got from the forging duel."
"Identify [Forger of Artifacts]."
Ding!
Trusting his muscle memory to take control over most of the forging process for the meantime, Valyr soon spared a bit of his attention towards the screen that appeared before him, intently reading through the contents written on it.
[Forger of Artifacts] (Title)
Rarity: Mythic <subtxt>.</subtxt>
Countless blacksmiths have forged items and equipment that have been used by the masses for ages, while few among them have forged items and equipment that have been recognized by the masses for their superior quality.
However, compared to these people, only a select few have attained a level of forging that transcends normality, allowing them to forge items that would be recognized and revered by people throughout history, its properties unforgettable to those that have seen and wielded it. Though these items may have been called multiple names throughout history, there only exists one name that unites them all.
Artifacts.
As someone who has successfully forged an Artifact of their own, you have included yourself into the ranks of these legendary beings, your works now easily recognizable even to the youngest of humans.
Effects:
> Allows the title holder to gain an intrinsic understanding regarding the process of forging Artifacts
> Allows the title holder to gain a greater understanding of materials and items related to forging Artifacts
> Increase the title holder's compatibility with Artifacts
> Increases the base stat of any equipment forged by the title holder by 5%
> Reduces the time it takes for the title holder to forge equipment by 15%
> Allows the title holder to gain Planetary Reputation for any item forged or any Artifact forged above Epic grade (gained Planetary Reputation depends on feat and rarity achieved)
"Wait a second... so, if I'm getting this right, any equipment I forge from now on will be 10% better than it already is?" Slightly frowning as he tried to understand the effects of the title in detail, Valyr began to think out loud once more. "Does that mean that even if I put in minimum effort, my equipment would still be considered better than those made by other people?"
"Well… with all things considered, this is a good thing. Not only from the perspective of profit, but also from the perspective of my future plans." Briefly shrugging his shoulders as he ended his train of thought, the thought of the forging hammer's effects soon popped up into Valyr's mind, causing him to slightly shudder regarding its possibilities.
"Speaking of which, I should probably take a look at [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] as well, considering that I'm going to be using it while forging." Closing the screen that he just brought up, Valyr was about to command the system to bring up another screen in front of him...
Only to be interrupted once a familiar being had entered his workshop.
"Mind if I interrupt you for a bit?"
Chapter 492: Small Talk

"If I told you I was busy, what would've you done?" Hearing the question asked at him, Valyr joked as he let out a chuckle.
"Of course, I would've just forced my way in." In response, the man that entered his workshop laughed as well. "It's not like you can stop me from entering parts of the guild that I currently lead over."
"Well… all jokes aside, what brings you to the workshop, Julian?" Returning his attention to the weapon he was forging, Valyr went ahead and asked the man a question. "You told me earlier that you had something to tell me."
Seeing that the young man looked to be in the middle of forging something, Julian softly nodded to himself as he decided to be brief. "Well, aside from checking up on you and taking a look at what you're forging, I just wanted to know if you're prepared for the tournament against the other candidates tomorrow."
"As you can see, I'm as prepared as I could ever be," said Valyr in response, briefly glancing at Julian with a slightly sarcastic smile before returning to the anvil. "Of course, if you want to me answer that honestly, then I'd say that there are still some things I wished I could've prepared in advance, but it doesn't really matter much."
"If anything, I'll get to those things after the tournament instead." As these words came out of Valyr's mouth, the young man thought about upgrading his Nascent Wyvern Armor up another rarity in preparation for his journey into the Four Pillars' Inheritance.
Though it was already considered an Epic grade armor set by the system, which was already plenty strong to many people, Valyr still felt that the strength of the armor set wasn't enough in a way, especially with how he was going to enter an inheritance where he had no idea what lied inside.
Of course, this thought arose after he thought about trying to increase his strength even further before the inheritance began. With how he was not allowed to evolve to Rank 3 and comprehend his own Intent, he instead decided to check out other avenues of increasing his strength, upgrading his equipment being one of them.
'Now that I think about it, I should go grab some passive stat boosting skills from the Boundless Skill Pavilion before the tournament as well, especially with how much XP I still have.' Thinking about other things he could do after the tournament, Valyr eventually created a checklist he would follow once everything was done.
"So, no more last minute preparations or anything of the sort?" Nodding in response to Valyr's words, Julian asked once more to be certain.
"None at all," replied Valyr.
"Unless… if you consider stocking up on health and mana potions a last minute preparation." Activating [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] and [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] in tandem, the young man then put all of his focus onto the piece he was forging, hoping to iron out as much of the imperfections on the weapon as possible.
Unsurprisingly, with [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] being a massive improvement over [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], the amount of imperfections he could remove through the combination of the two skills was far greater than ever before, allowing him to achieve a greater level of cohesion and harmony amongst the materials.
In fact, because of how Jekyll had trained him to use [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] as a way to look for weak spots and vital spots, similar spots had began to unknowingly appear on the equipment he was forging, prompting him to focus on those spots as he slowly but surely finished his first weapon of the day.
'Am I really watching a Rank 2 blacksmith forge a weapon?' Noticing the crimson rings surrounding Valyr's irises as he was stunned silent with how quick and efficient the young man was, Julian went ahead and picked up the weapon Valyr had just finished forging.
Schwing!
With the weapon being a simple-looking shortsword, Julian was left at a slight loss for words once he heard the sword make a ringing sound just after moving it slightly. With his expression becoming more and more solemn as the sword continued to ring while moving it around, he eventually used his identification skill to take a look at its properties, only to be left at an even greater loss for words.
Ding!
[Shortsword of Beginnings] (Level 35)
Rarity: Rare+
Attack: 419 - 698
Forging Quality: Exceptional
A strong blade forged by a truly prodigious blacksmith using considerably crude materials, this shortsword has been imbued with the strength of the artifact 'Hammer of Beginnings', allowing its properties to be comparable to equipment forged by blacksmiths renowned for their equipment quality.
In fact, if one took a long look at it, one would eventually feel like they were returning to the forge, feeling the heat and pressure the sword had to endure to become the blade it currently was.
<Innate Skill 1: Return to Origin - Allows the user to slash out vertically, dealing damage equivalent to 250% of the user's Attack stat. Can be charged to twice its initial cost for greater damage, maxing out at a 100% increase of its original power. Cooldown: 30 seconds. Cost: 1,000 MP.>
Remarks: Even those at higher ranks would be jealous of owning this weapon.
"This..." Looking between the shortsword he was holding and Valyr in disbelief, Julian found it hard to believe that such a young man would be able to forge such a powerful weapon in his eyes. "Did you really make this...?"
"You just watched me forge the sword, right?" Valyr looked at Julian with a slightly raised eyebrow, faintly wondering if he heard wrong.
"I mean, yes... but..." Swinging the sword a couple more times, Julian eventually put the shortsword back where it was. Then, he looked at the young man before him with a slightly conflicted expression. "Are you seriously selling this through the Blacksmith Guild's channels?"
"I did tell you back when we met up earlier that I wouldn't have rented a workshop if not for that reason." Taking a look at the materials that remained in the furnace, Valyr soon grabbed another batch of materials as he began to work on his second weapon of the day. "Of course, I could rely on your goodwill, but even that can only go so far."
"In any case, I'm planning to use the money I obtain from selling these to get my hands on a special type of material," added Valyr. "Pretty sure goodwill won't get me that kind of thing that easily."
"What kind of item are you planning to get anyway?" Asking this question in response, Julian looked at the young man with a slight frown, finding the young man's words an insult. However, once he found out what the young man was looking for, this expression quickly disappeared as he became silent.
"See what I mean now?" Somewhat amused by Julian's reaction, Valyr eventually returned his attention to the weapon he was currently forging, finishing the second weapon within half an hour.
"You know… even with my authority, procuring something like that would take a long time." Seeing that Valyr had taken a break before proceeding with his third weapon, Julian decided to speak. "In any case, I'll try and help you out in procuring it. After all, you wouldn't have told me about something like that in the first place if you didn't need my help."
"Don't worry. I'll definitely make it worth your while." Valyr smiled as he thanked the man. "After all, I have a strong feeling these weapons would sell well once I put Ylvar's mark on it."
"Oh? You're planning to sell it under your fake name?" With his eyes slightly widening in surprise, Julian looked at Valyr and nodded. "It would definitely fetch a higher price if you do, especially with the prestige the name has garnered in the past couple of days."
"Mhm." Feeling that he had rested for long enough, Valyr swiftly returned to forging the weapons he planned on selling, moving onto his third weapon for the day.
"Surely you didn't stop by just to ask me if I was prepared for the tournament, right?" A couple of minutes after he began to forge once more, Valyr looked at Julian as he asked a question.
"Of course not. That would be a waste of time, even for me." Julian shook his head. "Instead, I'm here to tell you about the other candidates you'll be working with in the inheritance..."
"...as well as their weaknesses."
Chapter 493: Companions

"..." At those words, Valyr decided to stop what he was doing, placing the Hammer of Beginnings to the side as he looked at the man before him with a solemn expression. "How did you even get your hands on that kind of information?"
"I'm a guild master," said Julian in response, letting out a faint chuckle. "I should be able to find out at least that much through my information networks."
"Anyways, do you want to know or not? After all, this information wouldn't only be useful during the tournament tomorrow, but it'll also be helpful once the four of you enter the inheritance... if you know what I mean." Looking at Valyr with a slightly raised eyebrow, Julian eventually smiled once he saw the young man eventually nod in response.
"Alright." Nodding back at Valyr, Julian went ahead and grabbed a crate within the workshop to use as a makeshift chair, sitting in front of the young man as he opened his mouth. "Before we begin, I'm sure you already know that the three other people that'll be joining you in the inheritance are incredibly talented in their own right."
"After all, they wouldn't have gotten the chance to enter the inheritance in the first place if not for their monstrously high levels of talent," he continued, to which Valyr nodded in agreement. "Naturally, as you have monstrously high talent as well, evident from the fact that you forged an Artifact, as well as the fact that you have a Mythic blacksmith class, you've earned that right as well."
"The first person that I'll be mentioning is the alchemist within your group," said Julian soon after, prompting Valyr to commit everything the man was going to say to memory. "His name is Faulus Erlenmeyer, considered a prodigy and a future pillar of the Alchemist Guild at the young age of 20 years."
"As he boasts the class True Prodigious Alchemist, his style of concocting potions is similar to what is generally known by other alchemists, yet there are some parts of it that are uniquely his." At these words, Julian looked at Valyr.
"It's kind of like you with your True Prodigious Blacksmith class. You've mostly stuck to the norm, but there are some parts during your process where you've adapted your own thing and improved upon it to do the same thing, but just better," he said, causing Valyr to faintly smile.
"Anyways, thanks to his talent in the path of alchemy, his concoctions being well known for their efficacy, and his contribution to the field of medicine, he's commonly known by many as the Lord of Vitality."
"Is it because of that one potion he concocted?" asked Valyr in response, cross-referencing the information Julian was telling him with the information he already knew.
From the very moment the man had mentioned the alchemist's name, Valyr had already become certain that the people that would join him in the inheritance would be none other than the future members of the Four Deities of Production, something he was uncertain of during his meeting with Theraldine.
However, with how he had drastically affected the timeline to the point that he had taken Theraldine's place in the inheritance, Valyr still remained open-minded towards the two other members of the inheritance, thinking that his actions might have caused these people to change.
"It is." Listening to Valyr's question, Julian nodded in response. "The Panacea. Not only does it cure people from any sickness or poison they might have, the potion also allows these people to be reborn anew, with some of them even looking 10 years younger than they were after taking it."
"Now let's go over his weaknesses." Saying these words, Julian's expression turned stern. "Unlike you and the other two, Faulus hasn't really spent that much time sharpening his combat skills. If anything, the only reason why he had been chosen to represent the alchemists is none other than his class."
"I don't need to go over why that is, right?" asked Julian, to which Valyr shook his head.
As someone who had already been informed of the reason during his meeting with the elders of the Ancestral Council, Valyr was already more than knowledgeable in that regard.
"Alright." Julian nodded. "Though his ability in combat is truly lacking, his ability in alchemy is the real deal. Thus, if he throws anything at you that resembles a flask or container of some sort, avoid it as much as possible." <subtxt>rad.co</subtxt>
"Of course, his pitiful skill in combat is only part of his weaknesses. His true weakness lies in his personality," he continued, giving Valyr a faint smirk. "To sum up his personality in a single phrase: he's easily provoked."
"So... as long as I taunt him over and over, he'll eventually bite?" Asking this question, Valyr looked at Julian with a hint of doubt, having no information of this side of the man in his memories.
"Pretty much," said Julian in response. "An incredibly short temper, a great level of arrogance due to his feats, as well as a superiority complex. As long as you keep those things in mind, you'll be able to use him to your advantage."
"You make him sound like he's just a tool," replied Valyr, slightly shuddering from the man's words.
"I won't beat around the bush here. He pretty much is." Julian looked at Valyr with a solemn expression. "Especially when compared to the three of you."
"With that, let's move onto the tailor of the group," said the man not long after. "Amongst the four production classes, the tailor class is predominantly occupied by women. Of course, there have been times where a few male tailors have shown their abilities to be on par with even the greatest of female tailors."
"Nevertheless, female tailors still reign supreme in many aspects of tailoring, with the one joining you being no exception to that." Taking in a deep breath, Julian began to talk about the second person Valyr had to be wary out. "The tailor's name is Loreina Rainiere san Cappe, san Cappe being a reference to her hometown of Cappe Village where she grew up."
"Aside from that, she's an Honorary Elder of the Tailor Guild at the young age of 18."
"Sporting the True Prodigious Seamstress class, all of her works have been adored by many, ranging from those hailing from prestigious families, to those who have come to use her works in the battlefield."
"However, she's mostly well-known thanks to one specific pattern of hers which has eluded multiple tailors for years now," said Julian. "Due to the pattern's miraculous effects of bolstering the piece's original effects to a far greater degree, she's more well-known as the Miracle Seamstress, though she's also been called the Seamstress of War by some."
"In terms of her combat ability, she's far better than Faulus in that regard, though still lacking when compared to you and the other person I'll be mentioning after her," he continued, his expression turning solemn as he pondered over how he would phrase his next words. "As for her weakness, well... if you've been keeping up to date on her condition, then you'd already know what her weakness is."
"Are you telling me...?" Turning the gears in his mind as madly as possible, Valyr eventually recalled one memory about Loreina that prompted him to look at Julian with wide eyes.
"Yes." Julian nodded, his expression turning even more solemn.
"She doesn't have much time left to live."
Chapter 494: Rivals

"..." Remaining silent as the words Julian told him lingered in his mind, Valyr thought back to the small tidbit he had recalled earlier, the same one that prompted him to ask the question.
Though she had successfully left the inheritance and went on to create legendary pieces that allowed the human side to regain some of their advantages, it was known by almost everyone even before then that the young woman did not have much left to live.
Growing up as an orphan in Cappe Village, people gradually came to find out that the reason why she had become one was due to a defect that she had been born with, a defect that befuddled even the greatest of doctors.
Whenever she exerted effort, her lifespan would decrease.
Of course, with there no being proper facility for orphans in the village, Loreina had to move out and about in order to get by every passing day, taking on any sort of menial work just to get some food.
Unsurprisingly, this action she had done for survival unknowingly began to eat on her lifespan, with doctors being left at a loss for words when they did a detailed check-up on her by the time she was 10 years old, the same time people began to discover her innate defect. <subtxt>.</subtxt>
After all, they found out that she only had 30 years left to live at that point.
Naturally, after people came to find out her condition, more people began to help her out, even going so far as to aid her in ascending the ranks in order to prolong her lifespan. However, as if the heavens did not want her to live for long, each action reduced more of her lifespan in proportion to her current class rank, causing her to fall into a spiral of depression for many years.
Fortunately, during that time, someone had introduced the path of tailoring to the young woman, a skill that did not take that much effort, yet still did a lot in the grand scheme of things. Because of that, her talent in tailoring was gradually discovered, allowing her to become the person Julian was introducing to the young man.
However, what Julian did not know was that in Valyr's past timeline, the young woman would eventually succumb to the curse of the heavens just a year after leaving the inheritance, something that the entire human race deeply wished not to happen, especially in the midst of war.
"Have they tried giving her the Panacea yet?" Inwardly letting out a long sigh as he felt pity for the young woman, Valyr eventually asked a question to Julian, who responded to the young man's words with a slightly bitter smile.
"They have." Julian nodded. "However, even that did not remove the root cause of her weakness. At most, it only prolonged the time she has left to live."
"I see." Nodding in response, Valyr finally let out an audible sigh, causing Julian to let out a sigh of his own not long after.
"Alright." Wallowing in the somber mood for a while, Julian eventually changed the topic, returning to the atmosphere surrounding them to what it was before. "Let's move onto the final member of this four man group."
"The sage."
"In terms of combat ability, it has been said that you are only second to him," said Julian soon after. "Then again, that was back when Zeik had tested you while you had just ascended to Rank 1. If anything, I'm quite curious as to who between the two of you is stronger."
"Wait... are you talking about Hal?" Realizing who the man was talking about, Valyr posed a question to the man as his thoughts whirred regarding the final member of the group.
Back when Zeik had mentioned the name Hal to him, no such memories of a person having that name appeared in the young man's mind. However, now that he thought about it more during his conversation with Julian...
Wouldn't Hal be more fitting as a nickname?
"Yes." Julian nodded. "Hal, or more well-known by the higher-ups of the guilds as Vylhalteinn Impyris, is a part of the noble Impyris clan, as well as a True Honorary Elder of the Sage Guild at the young age of 16."
'I knew it had to be that guy.' With Julian's words confirming his suspicions, Valyr continued to listen to the former, committing every word to memory.
"With True Prodigious Sage as his main class, he has made leaps and bounds in progress in multiple fields, though most of it is in the field involving skill optimization and innovation," Julian told Valyr.
"It is because of his contribution to that field that his combat ability is considered monstrous even to those that have class ranks higher than him, certain that he would become a strong pillar of the human race in the times to come."
"Of course, as the sage class is a scholarly profession, he has also dabbled in many other classes, the three production classes participating in the inheritance also being included in those." At those words, Julian briefly shrugged his shoulders.
"Though his ability in those fields is considerably lacking compared to his main profession, he still has enough talent to be considered an elite in that field, causing people to call him the Lord of All Trades."
'I'm surprised that I'm not surprised to hear that.' Trying to recall more and more memories of Hal in the past, the young man gradually recalled the feats he had accomplished during the War of the Three Sovereignties, all of which had revolutionized the processes for many fields.
Unbeknownst to Hal at the time, this series of revolutions had brought the level of technology in Veldanyr forward by a couple of centuries, with combat technology being most affected by it, being brought forward over a few centuries.
Near the end of the war, rather than fighting against the orcs and elves with cold weapons and magic, some humans began to fight them using crude rifles and pistols, with some even forming battalions around the weapon.
In fact, it could be said that if not for the discovery of the rifle and pistol, the human race would not have a dominant spot after the War of the Three Sovereignties. It was also due to that same reason that Hal had eventually become known by many under another name.
The Monarch of Innovation.
Chapter 495: A Little Pizazz

After Julian explained a few more things about Hal to Valyr, specifically the man's weaknesses, the former eventually left the latter on his own once he had made sure that Valyr had committed his words to memory, allowing the young man to focus all of his attention on forging once more.
Due to his increased forging speed thanks to [Forger of Epics] and [Forger of Artifacts], Valyr zoomed through most of the forging process while making the weapons he was planning to sell.
However, this increased forging speed quickly canceled itself once he had activated [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] and [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight], taking his time to iron out as much of the dissonant parts of the weapons as possible.
Nevertheless, by the time the young man had run out of materials to work with, he had forged a total of 10 weapons, each weapon being a different type from the previous one. Unsurprisingly, with his experience, his class, his skills, and his forging hammer working together, all of the weapons he had forged were of a high rarity, making Valyr incredibly certain that people would definitely flock to buy his work.
'Speaking of which...' As a thought surfaced in his mind, Valyr grabbed a chisel from the tool rack within the workshop before picking up some of the scrap metal that was left over from the forging.
Putting all of it into the furnace, he then formed the molten amalgam of scrap metal into a cylinder before chiseling out the negative of what would be his forging mark.
Or more specifically, Ylvar's mark.
"That should do." Looking at the negative he had made in satisfaction, Valyr put the newly made stamp into the furnace to heat up its edge before using it to imprint the mark he had made on the weapons.
Admiring the mark he had made for a bit, which was that of a star with two blades running through it in a cross pattern, he then imprinted the same mark on the nine remaining weapons, a faint smile adorning his face once he was done.
After that, he sent a message to Julian regarding the weapons he had forged, prompting the latter to head to the workshop to take a look at what the man had created. Unsurprisingly, each weapon was more than enough to leave the middle-aged man at a loss for words, with one weapon prompting him to look at the young man in disbelief.
"Are you sure you wanna sell this?" Raising up a simple-looking spear, Julian posed the question to Valyr, a conflicted expression on his face. "You do know such an equipment would even have the guild's elders fight for it, right?"
"And that means more money for me..." said Valyr in response, letting out a peal of laughter as he identified the spear once more.
Ding!
[Halberd of Great Beginnings] (Level 40)
Rarity: Epic
Attack: 769 - 1280
Forge Quality: Exceptional
Though it may be a simple-looking spear made by an incredibly prodigious blacksmith using considerably crude materials, the latent potential of the materials used in the spear have been fully drawn out, prompting the wielder to feel like the entire halberd was made of a single material.
With the blacksmith putting all of his focus and care into the creation of this spear, imbuing the properties of the artifact 'Hammer of Beginnings' into it, this spear boasts a level of strength that matches even weapons one would find in legends, allowing one to cleave even the skies with ease.
<Innate Skill 1: Sky Cleaver - Allows the user to attack in a horizontal arc, dealing damage equivalent to 200% of the user's Attack stat within a radius equivalent to the spear's length. Has a considerable chance of greatly knocking the enemy back. Cooldown: 1 minute. Cost: 2,500 MP.>
<Innate Skill 2: Full Potential - Increases the user's Attack stat by 5%.>
Remarks: The entire world would be jealous of owning such a weapon.
"Haah..." Letting out an audible sigh as he looked at the young man, a bitter smile soon appeared on Julian's face as he thought about what Valyr aimed to do with the weapons in the first place. "Since that's the case, I might as well having this thing be sold in an auction, rather than through the guild's usual channels."
"With that, if you have something else to add to this item that would increase its value even further, then I won't stop you from doing so." Putting the nine weapons Valyr had forged into his personal spatial bracelet in the meantime, Julian gave the Epic grade spear to the young man, pondering for a bit as to what kind of unique skill the young man would show him.
However, what greeted him instead was the sight of the young man imbuing the spear with his own mana a few times, causing a slight frown to appear on his face.
"I guess that's all I can do for the meantime that would really increase its value." Uttering these words, Valyr gave the spear back to Julian, who identified the weapon in an instant as he thought that the young man had ruined it.
Instead, after reading through the skill's renewed description, that thought swiftly disappeared from his mind as Julian was left looking at Valyr in front of him in great shock, his mouth turning agape from the sheer unexpectedness of what the young man had done.
'Did he just... awaken all three possible attributes on a weapon?'
'Am I dreaming or something?'
"Ahem." Realizing that he was showing an unprofessional side to the young man, Julian quickly composed himself as he placed the spear into his personal spatial bracelet, making sure that nothing within his bracelet would make contact with it.
Seeing that Julian was now treating the spear as if it were an incredibly precious thing, Valyr inwardly let out a snicker as the former told him that he would be selling the nine weapons through the guild's channels, while the spear would be sold in an impromptu auction held by the Blacksmith Guild.
Assuring Valyr that the amount of money he would be gaining from the weapons would not be small by any means, Julian eventually left the young man on his own once more, prompting Valyr to leave the premises as he swiftly made his way back home.
Enjoying a nice dinner with his good friend as they caught up on what the other side was doing for the entire day, the young man eventually fell into deep slumber, making sure to recuperate as much physical and mental energy possible for the day tomorrow.
After all, the position of inheritance leader was at stake.
Chapter 496: The Day Of The Tournament

"Do you really have to do this?" Watching Valyr get ready to leave the inn once more, Wells decided to pose a question to his friend. "I know it has something to do with the inheritance and all that, but... do you really have to do this?"
"I'll have to fight against them sooner or later, you know?" Flashing a faint bitter smile at his friend, Valyr continued to wear the pieces of Nascent Wyvern Armor over his clothing. "Though it might seem like the three other candidates and I are entering the inheritance together, I know for a fact that we'll quickly head off our separate ways to reap our own benefits."
"With that, fighting against them even before we enter the inheritance allows me to gain an edge over them," he continued. "Of course, I'm pretty sure you've heard of the saying 'Know yourself and your enemy'..."
"...and you need not fear a thousand battles." At those words, Wells let out a low sigh. "It's something even my parents used to tell me."
"Since that's the case, could you believe in me once more?" Seeing how concerned his friend was for his safety, Valyr let out a chuckle, affixing his blood-red spear behind his back. "I'll return to this place without a scratch. Don't you worry."
"Promise me you'll take a break after this tournament, okay? You've pretty much busied yourself these past couple of weeks, after all." said Wells in response. "Or perhaps, at the very least, don't get caught up in battles before the big day."
"The last I can definitely promise." Faintly grinning at Wells in response, Valyr finally bade farewell to his friend for the meantime, leaving the inn as he soon appeared in front of a familiar being.
"They didn't tell me I'd have someone escort me to the venue." Saying these words, Valyr let out a bit of laughter.
"They didn't tell me I'd be escorting a pain in the ass." In response, the familiar man let out laughter as well.
Then, after making sure that Valyr had not forgotten anything in the inn, the two of them swiftly began to make their way to where the small tournament was going to be held.
"Aren't you supposed to be busy with the outbreak and all that, Zeik?" Moving through the streets of Algerie at a slightly hastened pace, Valyr looked at the man accopmanying him for the journey and asked him a question.
"For the first day, definitely." Zeik nodded in response, wryly smiling. "As a commander of the Combat Specialist Division, I had to coordinate the kingdom's offensive against the orcs with the other guilds and organizations."
"However, after that, I've swiftly returned to doing not a lot, which is what allowed me to accompany you to some place once again." At those words, he grinned. "Of course, unlike our quick trip to the Akashic Battlefield, there'll be no orcs this time around."
"Speaking of the Akashic Battlefield, what happened in the days following that incident?" Letting out a faint chuckle in response to Zeik's joke, Valyr then threw a question at the man, opening up the chat function on the side to see if the man had sent him update messages that he might have missed.
"Well, naturally, the Algerie Kingdom went all out in its offensive after everything was sorted out." Telling the young man that he had not sent any message to him regarding the incident, Zeik went ahead and began to explain the situation to Valyr. "With that, most of the culprits behind the Akashic Battlefield incident had been caught..."
"...except for one." Recalling the fight he had against the leader of the orc group within the Akashic Battlefield, a frown briefly appeared on Zeik's face as he let out a sigh. "Nevertheless, the ones that had been caught were quick to cough up information, allowing our side to send out an overwhelming offensive against the orcs on the east defensive line."
"Have we found that being's whereabouts?" Asking Zeik the one that had escaped a bit further, Valyr eventually posed a question to the man that prompted the latter to shake his head.
"Normally, it would've been simple to find someone like him," said Zeik in response. "However, with him being one of Khorzaan's Chosen, it's making it somewhat impossible to do so." <subtxt>.</subtxt>
"...I see." Hearing those words, Valyr went silent for a bit before nodding, understanding what the man meant by that.
As someone who had actively played a minor role in the War of the Three Sovereignties in his past life, being one of the many volunteers to participate in the war's frontlines, the young man was no stranger to the existence of the Khorzaan's Chosen.
Being literally chosen by the emperor of the orc race itself, those that have been denoted as Khorzaan's Chosen showed a level of combat strength far greater than the norm thanks to their main class and subclass being of a high rarity.
Aside from that, as they were chosen by the emperor himself, these beings also had access to the finest of skills the orc race had, allowing them to bring out over 100% of their might in every move they made, causing them to become the bane of any human in the battlefield.
Seeing as Valyr did not talk about the incident regarding the orcs any further, Zeik decided to shift the topic to what the young man had been doing during the days they hadn't seen each other.
Fortunately, that was all that was needed for the young man to remove himself from his thoughts, talking with Zeik regarding the items he had forged as the two swiftly left the walls of Algerie Kingdom and headed to a secluded area only a select few knew about.
...
"Is this really the place where the tournament is going to be held?" Standing on the edge of what looked to be a large crater spanning over 50 meters in diameter, Valyr looked at Zeik beside him with a hint of dubiousness.
"Well, the Ancestral Council wanted to make sure that no one, except for the candidates and a select few, knew of the results of the tournament," replied Zeik with a bitter smile. "Or, to be more specific, they don't want people to know of the existence of the tournament at all."
"Oho? If it isn't the no-name representative of the Blacksmith Guild." Just as Valyr was about to ask a few more things to Zeik regarding the tournament's current venue, the young man heard a slightly mocking voice coming from his back, prompting him to look at the man that spoke with a slight frown.
Chapter 497: Showing One’s Right

At the very moment he had turned around, Valyr was instantly greeted by the sight of a young man wearing a dark gray robe that went below the man's knees, tied in place with what looked to be a thick leather belt.
Sporting a head of dark gray hair that made the man look like he had been electrocuted, the man had a pair of dark blue eyes that seemed to contain the vastness of the oceans. Completing it with a smile that seemed to contain mockery as he looked at the young man.
"Have the other candidates been informed of my true identity before the tournament?" Ignoring the man behind him for the meantime, Valyr turned around to look at Zeik. After that, he opened up the chat function to send the man beside him a question in fear of having other people snoop in on their conversation.
"That… I'm not so sure." Scratching the back of his head for a bit, Zeik eventually sent a response to Valyr through the chat function, giving the latter a wry smile soon after. "I was only tasked with escorting you and giving you a rough rundown of how the tournament would work."
"When it comes to questions like that, the best person to ask in that regard would be none other than the Guildmaster."
"Got it." Sparing a glance at the man behind him, who now had a frown on his face, Valyr then returned his attention to the screen he had brought up, sending a brief question to Julian within seconds.
"Have you told the other candidates of my true identity?"
"With how precarious it would be for others to find out? Not one bit." As if the man was waiting for the young man to ask the question to him, Julian swiftly sent an answer that responded directly to Valyr's question. "At most, I've only given the three other guilds vague information regarding your identity and your abilities."
"I know each of the representatives for the inheritance come from the four production guilds. However, since this is related to the inheritance, wouldn't they have been able to obtain information on me through the Imperial Production Guild?" Finding the man's response somewhat weird, Valyr decided to follow it up with another question.
"Normally, that would've been the case," said Julian through a message a few seconds later. "However, as I am the one who introduced your existence to those old geezers from the Ancestral Council, we've eventually come to an agreement that it would be better for your true identity to be hidden for the meantime."
"After all, even though the Zeihardt clan may only be a royal clan in status, its might as a whole instills fear even to the class guilds themselves," Julian added on a follow-up message. "Not even the four main production guilds want to know what it would be like to face the frenzy of half of the Zeihardt clan."
"So… in short, the other candidates don't know what I'm capable of." Becoming silent for a bit more, Valyr eventually sent a message back to Julian, something that the latter agreed with.
"Pretty much," the man said in his response message. "Add on the fact that you're using what looks to be an incredibly strong disguise skill, I'd say most of the odds are stacked in your favor."
"Go ahead and use it to your advantage." Telling Valyr that he was in the middle of forging in another message, Julian eventually ended their small chat with a couple more messages. "Get the leader position if you can."
"So, what did Julian say?" Seeing as Valyr dispelled the screen in front of him, Zeik went ahead and asked what had transpired, utilizing the chat function once more.
"The other candidates don't know anything." In response, Valyr shook his head, sending a message in return. Reading through the message he received, a light smirk gradually crept up Zeik's face.
"Then… I guess that only means one thing." Grinning, Zeik decided to forgo the chat function, whispering directly into Valyr's ear instead as his thoughts seemingly aligned with Julian's at that moment.
"Show them the best of what the Blacksmith Guild has to offer."
"With pleasure." Grinning back, Valyr's expression swiftly returned to normal as he finally turned to look at the man behind him once more, whose frown now seemed to extend beyond his face.
"Was I talking to a rock this entire time?" said the man in a slightly aggressive tone. "Don't you know how many times I've been calling you for the past few minutes?"
"You're talking to the Faulus Erlenmeyer, you know?" Hearing the man introduce himself in his conversation, a faint glint flashed in Valyr's eyes. "I'm someone specifically chosen by the Alchemist Guild to represent the alchemists in this upcoming inheritance!"
"As for you…" Pushing on Valyr's chest with his pointer finger, Faulus continued to look at the young man, a trace of disgust in his eyes. "I don't know what you did in the Blacksmith Guild for a no-name like you to be chosen, but I'm sure as heckit wasn't through honest means."
"What are you trying to say, then?" Raising his eyebrow, Valyr's expression remained calm, not giving Faulus the pleasure that came with infuriating someone.
"All I'm saying is that you should prove that you've earned the right to participate in the inheritance." Not letting the other side's calm demeanor affect him, a hint of mockery appeared on Faulus' face as he said these words. "Show me what gave the right for a no-name like you to join the inheritance."
'And here I thought his arrogance was the least of my concerns.' Inwardly letting out a sigh, Valyr could not stop himself from comparing the Faulus he was looking at to the Faulus he had come across in his past life. Though the man was still insufferable in many ways in his past life, the Faulus in front of him looked to be far more insufferable.
'Ah, right. Superiority complex.' Recalling something Julian had told him that allowed him to understand his current situation more, a faint smile appeared on Valyr's face as he looked at Faulus directly in the eyes.
"You want me to show you my right?" Asking this question, Valyr began to walk closer to the young man, clenching both of his fists in the process.
"What's wrong with showing a bit of proof?" Feeling slightly intimidated, Faulus responded back with a statement that allowed to regain some confidence. "Unless… you don't have any proof to begin with?"
"Oh, I got some proof, alright." At these words, Valyr grinned.
"Here's my right…"
Bang!
"…jab."
Chapter 498: Introducing One Another

Putting a great portion of his strength into his punch, Valyr took on a casual stance as his right fist made contact with Faulus' stomach, the force behind it sending the young man flying.
"Faulus!" Coincidentally, the man's escort, who had been minding his own business all this time, happened to notice that the candidate he had escorted was now flying, prompting him to head to where Faulus was going to land and break his fall.
Thud.
With how much momentum Faulus had generated while he was in midair, the force from his fall was more than enough to cover both him and his escort in a layer of dust, stirring up all of the dust in their immediate vicinity in the process.
"Huu." Letting out a low sigh of relief as he retracted his fist, Valyr turned around to look at Zeik, who looked back at him with a faint smile as he briefly gave the young man a thumbs-up.
"You…" After the dust had settled, Faulus and his escort gradually stood up, with the former's face containing immense rage as he stared daggers at Valyr. "Did you think of my earlier words as a joke?"
"Of course not." Valyr gave Faulus an amicable smile.
"You asked me to show you my right, so I did just that." At those words, the young man raised his right fist, forcing Zeik to stifle the laughter that wanted to come out.
"Are you saying that you earned the right to participate in this inheritance through your might?" Muttering a few words to the escort beside him, which caused the former to slightly frown, Faulus eventually asked a question to Valyr.
"You're always free to ask about my right again, you know?" Raising his right fist once more, Valyr taunted Faulus into becoming furious once more.
However, just as it seemed like Valyr's words seemed to take effect, Faulus took in a couple of deep breaths once he noticed his escort place his hand on top of his shoulder.
"There's no need. You've already proven your right." Letting out a long, drawn-out sigh, Faulus instead decided to end the conversation between them then and there, heading to the other side of the crater as he glared daggers at Valyr one more time.
"And here I thought that would've worked a second time." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr watched as Faulus and his escort moved farther away from him and Zeik.
"I guess he instantly realized something from that punch you gave him." Moving closer to where Valyr stood, Zeik gave the young man a probable answer. "After all, the Lord of Medicine isn't renowned for his fighting capabilities."
"Are you telling me he decided to bow down after realizing I was stronger than him?" Faintly nodding at the distant Faulus after realizing he knew when to back down, Valyr posed the question to the man beside him.
"I guess so." Briefly shrugging his shoulders in response, Zeik suggested to Valyr that they passed the time waiting for the other candidates by talking about certain topics. Hearing that, Valyr agreed without hesitation, hoping to catch up on recent events as the two of them sat near the edge of the crater.
'Well then. I guess you're not that insufferable, after all.' Glancing a bit at Faulus, who coincidentally was looking back at him from the other side of the crater, Valyr flashed a smile at the young man as he soon returned to his conversation with Zeik.
… <subtxt>nnra.com</subtxt>
"I apologize for being late." After waiting near the crater for about half an hour, a couple more people had eventually shown up, prompting Valyr and Faulus' group to look at the group that had just arrived.
With how Faulus and Valyr were escorted to this place by a single person, it was no surprise that the candidate that had arrived was escorted by a single person, which was an old woman that looked to be nearing her sixties.
Accompanying her was a young woman that looked quite frail, her complexion slightly pale. However, if one were to look at her dark brown eyes, one would think otherwise, feeling a great amount of determination and tenacity slumbering deep within.
Combine that with a head of ash blond hair tied up into a ponytail, as well as a simple get-up that accentuated her features even further, one would instantly feel like the young woman had a unique charm to her.
"Have you two been waiting for a long time?" Seeing as the two candidates that came before her had taken up a single side of the crater, the young woman urged that she and her escort take up another side as well. Once that was done, she then asked a question to both Faulus and Valyr.
"We haven't been waiting for that long." Knowing the pitiful condition the young woman was in, Valyr decided to be amicable in his response, flashing a faint smile at her.
"I arrived at around the same time he arrived." Surprisingly, Faulus responded normally to the young woman's question, a stark contrast to his incessant questioning towards Valyr's qualifications earlier. Noticing this, Valyr had a feeling that Faulus knew of the young woman's condition as well.
'Well, it's either that or something else.' Deciding to not think about the sudden shift in Faulus' personality, Valyr engaged in a bit of small talk with the young woman, with Faulus joining in on the conversation not long after as all of them talked about mundane topics.
"Ah, shoot. I'm the last one to arrive." By the time another half hour had passed, the last candidate making up the group had finally arrived, arriving at the crater with an escort behind him.
Giving Valyr and the others an apologetic smile after that, he then asked the three, "Have you three been waiting for long?"
"Not at all. Only a bit of time has passed since your arrival." Hearing the question, the young woman shook her head in response, prompting Valyr and Faulus to look at each other for a bit before shaking their heads as well.
"Thank goodness." At those words, the man that had just arrived let out a sigh of relief. "Since we've all come here to get to know each other better and to determine the one that would lead the group in the upcoming inheritance, we should introduce ourselves."
"With that, how about I introduce myself first?"
Chapter 499: The Tournament Begins

Unlike Faulus and Valyr, the man that decided to take the initiative to introduce himself did not wear any clothes that seemed to be related to his affiliation with his respective guild. Instead, the man wore what looked to be a plain gray shirt, accompanied by a pair of ink black pants and shoes.
Nevertheless, the simplicity in the man's clothing only brought more attention to the man's face, making one feel like they could not take their eyes off from him. With a head of decently long reddish-brown hair, and a pair of dark green irises, one would have probably mistaken him for a member of the Pyrrhia clan.
However, rather than give off the aura of someone who had been immersed in the flames of the forge, the man instead gave off the feeling that he enveloped everything, as if he existed in everything within one's surroundings.
"My name is Vylhalteinn Impyris." Seeing that Valyr and the others were looking at him, the man faintly grinned. "I come from the far lands of the Norvelling Tundra, which is why my first name is quite long."
Making sure that each word he spoke was crisp and clear, he continued. "I shall be representing the Sage Guild in our upcoming journey into the Four Pillars' Inheritance. I hope we could show each other's strengths to the fullest during this tournament, so we would be able to better assist one another once we're inside."
"Oh, I forgot to mention. Feel free to call me Vyl or Hal if you're not used to my first name. Glad to be working with you." At these words, Hal gave each of them a respectful half-bow, prompting the three to look at one another as they wondered who should go next.
"Er…" Eventually, after looking at each other for a while, the woman that came before Hal decided to go next.
"My name is Loreina Rainiere san Cappe," she said, twiddling her thumbs as she looked at the ground. Because of that, it was slightly difficult for the others to hear her introduction.
"I am currently 18 years old, turning 19 in a few months…" With Loreina continuing to look down at the ground, Valyr and the others were forced to adjust themselves. "I represent the Tailor Guild in this upcoming expedition…"
"Please take good care of me." With her voice becoming louder at the end of her introduction, she then gave a half-bow to the three, deciding to copy what Hal did earlier in his introduction.
"Guess I'll go up next." Seeing Loreina take her seat, Faulus took the initiative, giving Valyr a slightly condescending look as he stood up.
"The name's Faulus Erlenmeyer, the greatest prodigy of the Erlenmeyer family," said the young man with a confident grin. "I'm known by many titles, but I'm pretty sure all of you know me as the Lord of Medicine."
"I have indeed heard that title before, yes." Hearing Faulus' words, Hal nodded in response.
"I would like to thank you for the Panacea you've given me back then." Putting two and two together in her mind, Loreina did not hesitate to show her gratitude to the alchemist, giving the young man a sincere half-bow.
"Oh, it's nothing at all…" Not expecting Loreina to react like that, Faulus let out an awkward chuckle as he waved his hands around, only to then notice that Valyr had not said anything after he revealed his title.
"Ahem." Clearing his throat as he changed the topic, the young man continued with his introduction. "I have been specially chosen by the Alchemist Guild to represent the alchemists in this upcoming journey in the Four Pillars' Inheritance."
"It would be a great pleasure to work with all of you." Giving everyone a half-bow as he finished his introduction, Faulus slowed down his half-bow as he glared at Valyr, telling the latter through his eyes that the incident from earlier was not over.
In response to the glare, Valyr merely gave the young man a faint grin, showing through his expression that he was not afraid of continuing such a thing.
"Since everyone's already introduced themselves, then that only leaves me." Feeling somewhat impressed at Faulus for knowing how not to show his grudges so openly, Valyr went ahead and stood up, prompting both Hal and Loreina to look at him.
'Heh. Now you have no excuse but to introduce yourself.' Watching from the other side of the crater, a faint smirk crept up onto Faulus' lips, eager to know the true identity of the man who had punched him in the stomach.
"I have been chosen by the Blacksmith Guild to represent the blacksmiths during this upcoming expedition." Starting his introduction, Valyr decided to introduce himself using the identity that many people knew about. "Compared to you three, who all have such laudable titles, I am in many ways lacking."
'So, you admit you're a no-name that only has brawns for brain, huh?' With the smirk on his face continuing to widen as he listened, Faulus was about to let out a faint chuckle…
Only for it to become stuck in his throat once Valyr told everyone his name.
"I don't know if you've heard of me before, but my name is Ylvar." Giving the three a respectful bow just like what the others did, Valyr eventually sat down once more, allowing the others to take in what he had just said.
"Did you just say you're Ylvar?" After a moment of silence covered the entire area, Hal decided to break it as he asked Valyr a question.
"That would be me." Valyr nodded in response, his eyes faintly glistening as he asked back, "Wait… have you heard of me before?"
"Only recently." Hal nodded. "I've heard rumors that there's someone our age from the Blacksmith Guild that was able to forge an artifact. I never thought I'd be meeting that person in the flesh."
"Oh, you flatter me." Letting out a faint chuckle, Valyr gave off the pretense that he was humble and down to earth. "I'm certain you'd be able to forge an artifact as well."
"Forging an artifact is no simple feat, Ylvar." Responding to Valyr's words, Loreina spoke in a calm tone. "Even us three, who are considered great talents in our respective fields, only have a higher chance at doing what you just did."
"Is that so?" Valyr went silent for a bit as he nodded. "Well, I'll have to thank the heavens for the luck they've given me to forge the artifact, then."
As Hal and Loreina nodded in response to his words, Valyr looked at the only person among them that had not talked about his identity yet.
Unsurprisingly, after hearing that the man who punched him earlier was none other than a prodigy who had recently forged an artifact, a bitter expression covered the entirety of Faulus' face as he felt indignation at how the other reacted to Valyr's introduction.
"In any case, shall we begin the tournament?" Taking delight at the expression Faulus had after discovering the identity he had unveiled to them, Valyr's expression quickly returned to normal as he changed the topic of their conversation.
"Ah, yes. I suppose we should begin." Nodding in response, Hal stood up and looked at the three other candidates surrounding the crater. One by one, he stared at them, imprinting their appearances to his memory.
"I don't know if you have been told this before coming here, but the Imperial Production Guild has temporarily designated me as the leader for the upcoming expedition into the inheritance," said Hal not long after. "However, as I've mentioned, this position of mine is only temporary. The true leader for the upcoming inheritance shall instead be revealed once we assess each other's combat skills."
"As the temporary leader of the group, I suggest each of us have a one-on-one fight against each other, making sure that each person would remember the strengths of the members they'll be working with," he continued, prompting Loreina and Valyr to nod in agreement. "With that, I would also like to suggest the two sides fighting to introduce their specialties to the other side before the fight begins."
"Faulus, how about you go first?" Just as the young alchemist was about to voice a complaint at how the leader position was going to be assessed through combat strength, Hal had forced him to leave this complaint stuck in the back of his throat as he appeared somewhat stupefied.
"Me?" Pointing at himself, Faulus gradually stood up from his seat as Hal nodded in response to his question.
"Feel free to request who you would like to fight against." Sitting down once more, Hal moved the spotlight towards Faulus, causing the latter to look at the three as he took in a deep breath.
"Since that's the case, I would like to fight against…" Calmly assessing his chances of winning against his opponent, Faulus eventually focused his attention on a certain man, hoping in the back of his mind that his hunch wasn't wrong.
"Ylvar."
Chapter 500: Magic Vs Magic

"How surprising." Hearing the choice Faulus made as his opponent for the one-on-one fight, a smile appeared on Valyr's lips, his expression that of amusement.
"Are you sure you want to fight against Ylvar?" As for Loreina and Hal, the two of them looked at each other for a bit as Hal asked this question, only to glance in Valyr's direction not long after as they felt a bit of concern.
In their eyes, it seemed unfair for Faulus to have chosen Ylvar, who had only risen up to fame quite recently. After all, the three of them had already been well-known by people for quite a long time already.
With that, they could not help but feel like Faulus was bullying the "newcomer" of their group.
"I am more than certain." Responding to Hal's question, Faulus then spared a glance towards Valyr, noticing the amused expression on the latter's face.
Seeing this, the man felt a bit of unease, causing him to go over his train of thought from earlier.
'Out of the four of us, Hal is the strongest when it comes to combat,' thought Faulus to himself. 'On the other hand, I am the weakest when it comes to combat, considering that I've also heard of Loreina achieving feats related to combat in the past.'
'With that, the only person among the group that I have no clue on their combat strength is Ylvar,' he continued going through his train of thought, remaining standing in place. 'Of course, that was resolved after he had punched me in the stomach, prompting me to think that he might also be stronger than me.'
'However, the part that I am not certain about is whether or not he's stronger than Loreina.' As the man had gotten to this part of his train of thought, Hal looked at Valyr and asked if he was fine with the arrangement, to which the latter responded that he had no problem with it.
'But… it would be quite disgraceful for me to hit a woman, especially if it's someone I helped out in the past.' Steeling his resolve in fighting Valyr, Faulus took in a deep breath as he watched Valyr stand up and head towards the center of the crater. Letting out a long, drawn-out sigh, he then made his way to the center of the crater as well, standing a few meters away from his opponent.
"As I've mentioned earlier, the two sides shall introduce their specialties to one another before the fight begins." Seeing as the first two combatants for the tournament were already in place, Hal's voice soon echoed throughout the area, carrying with it an aura of authority.
"Would you like to go first?" Looking at the young man before him, Valyr noticed that Faulus was looking at him with a slightly condescending gaze.
"How about you go first?" However, in actuality, the condescending gaze Faulus threw at Valyr was nothing more than a facade. If anything, the current situation made him feel quite nervous in his capabilities, prompting him to wonder once more if he had made the right choice in making an enemy out of the young man before him.
"I insist you go first." Of course, Valyr was oblivious towards the man's real emotions, instead choosing to think that his opponent still bore a grudge towards the action he had done earlier.
"Alright." Letting out a faint sigh as he tried his best to suppress the quivering of his body, Faulus began to talk about his specialties as he felt like the two of them would've continuously suggested the other side to go first if none of them took the initiative.
"Faulus Erlenmeyer. My specialties mostly revolve around alchemy," said the young man. After that, he looked at Hal, who looked back at him before nodding.
"As for my specialties in combat, they all mostly revolve around magic."
"Now your turn." Passing the baton to Valyr, Faulus took a few deep breaths as he prepared his mind and his body for what was about to come.
"The name is Ylvar." Nodding in response, Valyr began to speak. "As I represent the Blacksmith Guild, it makes sense that my specialties mostly revolve around forging."
"As for my combat specialties… I guess I'll go with magic as well." At these words, Valyr flashed a playful grin.
"What's with the spear on your back, then?" Feeling a bit more at ease compared to earlier, Faulus pointed at the blood red spear behind Valyr's back, prompting Loreina and Hal to perk up their ears as they were curious as well.
"Oh. I dabble in a bit of spearmanship on the side, but not to the point that I would consider it a specialty." In response, Valyr gave them an answer that more or less made sense in their minds. "As to why it's affixed to my back… well, it's probably the best piece of equipment I've ever forged so far… aside from that one artifact, of course."
"Is that so?" Though he still held doubts towards Valyr's claim of only dabbling a bit in the world of spearmanship, Faulus decided to believe in his gut instinct that the man wouldn't use underhanded tactics during a fight like this. With that, he took a few steps back before taking on a battle stance.
"Shall we begin, then?" Asking this question, Faulus looked at his opponent with a calm expression, his hands now glowing a faint cyan.
"All of us would be here for a while if we didn't." Letting out a chuckle as he nodded, Valyr took a few steps back as well, taking in a deep breath as he got into a battle stance of his own.
"Are you two ready?" Looking at the two sides to get their confirmation, Hal nodded back after the two nodded that they were ready.
"Then, let the fight…"
"Begin!"
"Haah!" Wanting to gain the upper edge from the very start, the glow around Faulus' hands swiftly manifested into a few bolts of mana, sending all of them flying as he began to throw a barrage of mana bolts towards Valyr.
"[Intermediate Wind Magic Style: Cascading Tempest]!" Buffing his movement speed with one of his magic skills in response, Valyr deftly maneuvered through the bolts that rained down on him, even going so far as to negate some of them by sending back a bolt of his own.
"[Crimson Blaze]!" With Faulus continuing to send down a barrage of mana bolts after him, the young man decided to free himself from the chaos, dashing forwards at the greatest speed he could muster as an orb of crimson flames appeared above one of his palms. With a bit of time to breathe, he then charged this orb for as long as possible, causing the orb to balloon to a size larger than his own head.
Whoosh!
Bang!
"[Enhanced Agility]!" With Valyr throwing the large fireball with all of his strength, it was no surprise that it zipped through the air, appearing in front of Faulus within seconds. Because of that, the young man was forced to stop his barrage and casting a movement speed boosting skill on himself, barely dodging the orb as it caused a smaller crater to form on the ground.
"Hiss…" Taking a look at the crater that had formed from Valyr's attack, Faulus' pupils dilated in fear as he realized then and there that he might have made the wrong decision in choosing his opponent.
After all, he had never seen Loreina make a crater with one of her attacks before!
"Graaaaah!!!"
"[Serpentine Mana Lance]!"
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
Deciding to condense his combat strength into a fewer number of attacks, Faulus swiftly sent out a series of lances made out of mana, all of them zooming through the air as they converged to where Valyr stood.
"[Flame Lance]!" However, rather than run away from the attack like the barrage of mana bolts from earlier, Valyr instead stood his ground, manifesting a spear out of flames as he watched the mana lances move ever so closer to him.
Clash!
At the very moment the lances converged together in the hopes of landing a devastating attack on Valyr, the latter used the flaming spear as a baseball bat of sorts, gripping it with both hands as he swatted the lances away from him with all his strength, causing them to disintegrate within seconds.
…
"You know… I just noticed something." Continuing to watch the fight between Faulus and Valyr unfold, Loreina sent a message to Hal through the chat function. With both of them being known by many people for quite some time now, it was no surprise that the two had added one another as friends.
"Is it perhaps the same thing I'm noticing?" Hearing a notification sound resound in his mind, Hal brought up the cause of that notification before responding back, looking at Loreina with a raised eyebrow.
"Probably." In response, Loreina shrugged her shoulders as she then sent Hal a question. "In any case…"
"Have you seen Ylvar sweat so far?"
Chapter 501: Overwhelming Defeat

"It seems we've noticed the same thing, then." Wryly smiling in response to the question Loreina had sent to him, Hal swiftly sent back a message as he focused his attention on the two fighting in the crater.
Though it seemed like Faulus had gained an edge over Valyr due to his attacks covering a wide area, that came with the downside of having to consume a greater amount of his own mana in order to conjure them in the first place.
On the other hand, Valyr's attacks were smaller in comparison, yet its level of strength was similar. Naturally, such a small attack containing a lot of strength still meant that he had spent a lot of mana for it to become destructive…
But the cost was definitely far lower than how much Faulus was consuming with every move.
"For him to not break a sweat while fighting against Faulus, that alone says that his combat capabilities exceed yours by a considerable margin, Loreina." Feeling like he had gotten a better idea of Valyr's combat strength, Hal soon sent a message to the young woman, who could only bitterly smile after reading it.
"At the very least, I'm better than Faulus combat-wise." Letting out a wry chuckle, she sent a message back to Hal, only to follow it up with a question not long after. "Now that I think about it, haven't you fought against Faulus in the past?"
"It was more like a showcase of who had the better talent." As Hal replied to Loreina's message, the young man slowly rummaged through his thoughts, recalling memories of a certain time in the past.
Just as he had established his title as the Lord of All Trades, Faulus' popularity swiftly began to rise through the roof, with many people calling him the future leader of the alchemy world thanks to his innovative concoctions.
Though, because so many people had begun to praise his feats, Faulus let every word get into his head, causing him to request a match against many of the younger generation that had established their names before him.
The result?
Utter defeat.
Letting his ego get to him, he decided to fight according to the specialties of the opposing side, trusting in his prodigious talent that he would be able to defeat the other side, or in the worst case scenario, call it a draw.
Unfortunately, this string of matches he had gotten into only made him realize that his talent only extended up to alchemy at most. On top of that, there were others he had requested to fight against that had considerable talent in alchemy as well.
One of them being Hal.
"In any case, it seems like one of our companions will be incredibly useful during our expedition into the inheritance." Grinning, Hal watched Faulus and Valyr continue fighting against one another as he sent a message to Loreina.
"It seems so." Faintly smiling as she responded back, Loreina inwardly let out a sigh as she looked at Hal for a bit, feeling the man's intense desire to prove that he was the strongest out of all of them.
'I wonder if Ylvar can match up to him.' Returning her attention to the fight happening down in the crater, Loreina focused on Valyr's movements and actions, noticing how relaxed he was whenever he dodged or retaliated against his opponent's move.
Realizing this, she began to get the feeling that the young man hid a far greater portion of the strength than she and the others initially perceived. In fact, after watching Valyr for a while, she even felt like the man had the ability to triumph Hal in combat.
'I guess it'll be fine.' Scratching the back of her head as she wondered where that thought came from, she eventually decided not to think too much, returning her attention to the fight once more.
…
"[Azure Wave]!"
Whoosh!
Sending out multiple waves of mana in Valyr's general direction, a slight grin appeared on Faulus' face as he realized that his current attack was working.
Throughout the battle so far, Faulus began to realize that there were two things he had to be wary about when it came to Valyr. The first and most obvious among the two would be the lethality of the man's attacks. After all, if an attack could form a crater, then Faulus was more than certain it could kill a person.
As for the second thing he had to be wary about…
It was the young man's agility.
Though it was not obvious at first, Faulus began to notice that Valyr seemed to have an easy time defending or avoiding the attacks he had sent out, forcing him to redirect or cast another attack in order to be on the offensive once again.
With that, he eventually thought that if he were to restrict Valyr's movements within a certain area, he would eventually be able to land an attack that would allow him to win.
Becoming more and more motivated that this thought would soon become a reality with his current attack, Faulus cast more and more [Azure Waves], sending wave after wave of mana that gradually confined Valyr in a certain spot within the crater.
"Finally! I've got you now!" Eventually, after what seemed to be quite a long time, Faulus had confined Valyr in a space small enough that any of his attacks would undoubtedly land on the latter, crowning him victorious in this first match.
However, just as he was about to conjure his final blow…
"Eh?" Summoning all of the mana within his body towards his hands, Faulus swiftly noticed that the amount of mana he had pulled out was minuscule compared to what he could unleash earlier. Wondering what was going on, it was only then did something click in his mind, slowly turning his head to look at Valyr.
"Took you long enough."
"[Crimson Blade Torrent]!"
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
With a confident grin, Valyr conjured a great number of blades made out of crimson flames in an instant, sending all of them in Faulus' general direction as he controlled the blades to surround the latter.
Feeling a great amount of anger at himself for falling into his opponent's trap, Faulus slowly closed his eyes and gradually accepted his fate of being impaled by the blades…
Only for nothing to happen soon after.
"Hmm?" Seeing as nothing happened for a while after he had closed his eyes, the man decided to open his eyes once more, only to be greeted by a plethora of blades only a few inches away from his face.
"So, what next?" Manipulating the blades of crimson blades to stay in place, Valyr looked at Faulus and asked him a question.
"What next?" Hearing the young man's words, Faulus bitterly smiled. After that, he sat down and let out a long sigh. "Well, what else could it even be?"
"I admit defeat."
Chapter 502: Summoning Vs Summoning

"Now that I think about it, it probably looked like you led me on to wasting my mana in front of Loreina and Hal." As Valyr helped Faulus stand up as they made their way back to the edge of the crater, the latter looked at the man beside him before opening his mouth. "How did you do that?"
"Let's just say there's a ton of factors on your end that helped me make that happen. All I did was slowly lead you towards that eventual goal." Feeling none of the anger or the malice he had felt emanating from Faulus earlier, Valyr decided to respond to the question. "In fact, you could even say that me angering you was inadvertently part of those factors."
"Then again, I definitely admit I was being absurd when we first met," said the young man soon earlier, apologizing for punching the young man in the stomach.
"I was absurd as well." Slightly widening his eyes in surprise, a wry smile appeared on Faulus' face as he apologized to Valyr not long after. "I shouldn't have thrown my weight around like that."
"And only now you say that after you find out my identity," replied Valyr, causing Faulus to let out an awkward chuckle.
"More so your combat strength and your identity, but what about it? Better late than never." As he responded to Valyr's words, it looked as if Faulus' arrogant side had never been there in the first place, finally accepting Valyr as an equal in terms of reputation.
"I suppose we should move onto the next fight." Seeing as the two had finally made their way back to the edge of the crater, even going so far as to sit beside each other, Hal's words echoed throughout the area once more as he looked at Valyr.
"As Faulus' opponent in the previous fight, you have the choice to be the one to request someone to fight against," Hal said to Valyr. "Of course, you could also choose to rest for the meantime and have someone else take that place."
"I'll probably have to skip over this one for now." Though Valyr was ready to fight against another person when it came to his stamina, he knew that it would take quite some time for him to recuperate his mana. After all, the final attack he had sent out towards Faulus cost a lot more mana than one would think, especially with how he had made them stop in place.
"Since Faulus has already gone first, that only leaves either me or Loreina to be the next one." Nodding in response, Hal looked at Loreina, faintly smiling as he noticed the flames of combat and ambition burning in her eyes.
"I'll go next," said Loreina, prompting the three to look at her, briefly making her feel a sense of pressure. Fortunately, that feeling swiftly disappeared as she took in a deep breath, her expression now filled with that of determination.
"Who will be you fighting against?" asked Hal in response.
"Who else would I be fighting against?" replied Loreina, flashing a wry smile as she looked at Hal. Realizing what Loreina wanted to happen, Hal briefly flashed a wry smile as well.
"Well, it only makes sense for you to fight me," said Hal as he began to scale down the crater. "Faulus is definitely tired after the fight, while Valyr has definitely exhausted some of his resources during the fight as well."
"Hopefully, we don't have to go all out." Scaling down the crater after seeing Hal move, Loreina prepared her mind and body for the fight that she would have to face. "After all, I'm running on limited time here."
"I'll try my best to not force you to get serious," replied Hal as he nodded. "Then again, your combat style doesn't really rely much on you making a move, right?"
"It's pretty much the reason why it's my combat specialty." Loreina nodded as she took in yet another deep breath. "Loreina Rainiere san Cappe, mainly specializing in tailoring, while summoning is combat specialty."
"Vylhalteinn Impyris, mainly specializing in the scholarly arts, though I also specialize in divination." Hearing Loreina go through her specialties, Hal went ahead and recited his specialties in response. "As for my combat specialty… I'll go with summoning since you're going to fight me with summoning."
"What a show-off," scoffed Loreina as she let out a playful giggle. "Then again, that's definitely something I'd expect from the Lord of All Trades."
"Shall we begin the fight, then?" Letting out a bit of laughter of his own, Hal looked back at Loreina as he got in a battle stance.
"Let us." Nodding in response, Loreina took her battle stance, only to slam both of her hands on the ground.
Whoosh!
…
After the two of them apologized to one another for their actions before the tournament began, Faulus and Valyr had spent the time talking about various topics whilst waiting for the other two to get ready.
"The fight's going to begin." Seeing that Loreina and Hal were finally making their moves, Faulus prompted the young man beside him to look at the crater, which the latter did.
"Between the two of them, who do you think will win?" Asking this question a minute or so after the fight began, Valyr watched as Loreina and Hal summoned their respective monsters of choice, filling their sides of the crater with their summons.
"It's pretty much a no-brainer, don't you think?" Looking at Valyr with a slightly bitter smile, Faulus responded. "If anything, it would be better for you to ask how long Loreina could withstand Hal's attacks."
"Yeah… he wouldn't be called the Lord of All Trades for nothing," Valyr said in response, bitterly smiling as he thought about how Hal's dominance over combat was well-known by many even before the War of the Three Sovereignties.
"It really sums up his talent, to be honest." With the bitter smile still affixed to his face, Faulus nodded in agreement. "Restrict him to a weapon, and he would use it as if he were a veteran of the battlefield."
"Restrict him to magic, and he would use it as if he were a mage that has studied magic for many decades."
"Restrict him to a bow and arrow, and he would use it as if he were a hunter since birth."
"Restrict him to summoning, and he would use it as if he were the greatest commander the world has ever seen."
"Heck, now that I'm talking about it, it kind of makes me feel like he can't be beaten by any of our peers."
Chapter 503: Flora Vs Fauna

"You're that confident, huh?" Listening to Faulus praise Hal for his superb ability in combat, Valyr could not stop an amused smirk from creeping up onto his lips. "You really think he can't be beaten?"
"I just said I feel like he can't be beaten, not that he couldn't be beaten," clarified Faulus in response. "After all, we don't know when some prodigy with a level of talent far monstrous than Hal's would appear in the world of Veldanyr."
"But what if that prodigy has already appeared?" asked Valyr, a knowing smile adorning his face.
"If they did, then their name should've been known by now…" Raising his eyebrow as he looked at Faulus in confusion, the gears in the young man's mind turned as he wondered which person Valyr was talking about. Fortunately, it did not take too long for a couple of things to click in his mind as he looked back at the man beside him.
"Are you seriously talking about yourself?" Narrowing his eyes as he dropped the question, Faulus let out a low sigh after Valyr grinned in response. "You may have beaten me in magic combat, but are you sure you could stand toe to toe with Hal in a battle using magic?"
"No clue." Valyr chuckled as he faintly shrugged, causing Faulus to let out yet another sigh.
"Then, where are you getting all that confidence from?" asked Faulus soon after.
"Well… let's just say I have a couple of tricks up my sleeve and leave it at that." Responding to Faulus' question with a faintly mysterious smile, Valyr returned his attention back to the fight happening within the crater.
"Would it really hurt you to tell me?" Seeing as the young man beside him did not plan on elaborating what he meant by his words, Faulus shook his head as he soon returned his attention to the fight in the crater as well, thinking that he would eventually find out once the time came.
…
Whoosh!
"[Ephemeral Flora Summoning Arts]!" Slamming both of her hands to the ground, Loreina swiftly infused a great amount of her mana into the earth below them, causing her immediate surroundings to transform as a layer of greenery appeared on what was previously barren land.
Not long after, this layer of greenery rapidly grew in length and size, only for them to bunch up together as the greenery gradually took on the shape of a humanoid-looking figure.
"[Plant Battalion]!" Removing her hands off the ground, Loreina then looked at the creatures she had summoned, inwardly nodding in satisfaction as she redirected the mana she had been infusing before into these creatures.
Swoosh!
"Uwaaarrrgghh…" At the very moment these creatures were faintly infused with Loreina's energy, all of them let out a deep groan rarely heard even from the largest of creatures as their auras gradually spread out. Within seconds, these creatures stood ramrod straight as they eventually gave off the feeling that they were working as one entity, making one think that a small army had appeared to protect Loreina.
"[Plant Battalion: Awakening Command]." Seeing as Hal was only standing where he stood as he watched her summon her creatures, a slight frown appeared on Loreina's face as she infused a bit more mana into one of the plant creatures, giving it a semblance of consciousness as it gained the ability to lead the other plant creatures through a single command.
"Shouldn't you be summoning your creatures as well?" Counting the number of plant creatures she was able to summon, which came up to a number of around 20 or so, Loreina inwardly let out a sigh of relief as she stepped back from the frontlines, gazing at Hal as she asked.
"I just wanted to find out what I would be fighting against." Hal faintly grinned in response, his demeanor continuing to exude great self-confidence all this time.
"Now that I've found out…" Then, not long after, he extended one of his hands outward, conjuring a magic circle that swiftly expanded in size.
"It's time for me to respond."
"[Greater Lupus Summoning Arts]."
Swoosh!
Channeling a great amount of his mana into the magic circle he had conjured, orbs of light gray energy soon manifested out of the circle before positioning themselves in a spot a couple of meters away from where Hal stood.
Whoosh!
A few seconds later, these light gray orbs expanded in size, taking on rough forms that looked to span widths greater than Hal's height as the young man continued to infuse his mana into them.
Eventually, once it seemed like the light gray orbs had obtained enough mana from the young man, the energy from these orbs turned corporeal, allowing a line of wolves with light gray fur to appear in front of Hal, their eyes crimson with bloodlust.
"[Greater Lupus Summoning Arts: Wolf King]." Though the number of wolves Hal had summoned were only around a quarter of what Loreina was able to summon, the young man flashed a confident smile at her as he sent out a large wave of mana towards the wolf in front of him, causing its aura and appearance to undergo a massive transform.
"Awooooo!!!" Letting out a howl of delight, the wolf's fur became slightly darker in color as its size grew to be around 50% larger than the wolves surrounding it. After that, a few tufts of fur on its head started protruding out and took on a pale yellow color as it began to resemble a crown.
"Flora versus fauna. Quite a fitting theme, don't you think?" Stepping back as he allowed the wolves he had summoned to take the limelight, Hal let out a bit of laughter as he posed the question to Loreina.
"…" As if she had returned to her original personality as a tailor, Loreina's demeanor turned solemn as she sent out a series of mental commands to the creatures she had summoned, all of them relayed to the other plant creatures through their commander.
"That's harsh." Wryly smiling as the young woman did not respond to his question, Hal took in a deep breath as his expression turned calm, prompting him to take this fight a bit seriously.
'Your order for today.' Sending a command to the large wolf at the center, a faint hint of fighting intent arose from him as he looked at the young woman he was fighting against.
'Leave no creature unharmed.'
"Awooooo!!!" Howling in response, as if to show it had understood its orders, the wolf king began to move forward to meet the plant creatures it would be fighting against. Seeing their leader move forward, the other wolves began to move as well, coordinating with one another as the crater soon turned into a battlefield.
"Uwaaarrrgghh…" Seeing the wolf king make a move, Loreina went ahead and ordered the commander to fight against it, the latter groaning as it ordered a few of its comrades to join it on the offensive. <subtxt>ied.cm</subtxt>
"Grrr…" Seeing that its enemies had come to appear before it instead of it appearing before them, the wolf king let out a deep growl as it looked around, taking note of the fact that the other wolves were already engaging in combat with their opponents.
Bending its knees for a bit, the wolf king soon lunged forward towards its enemies, which numbered four in total. Swiping down its paw diagonally to land the first blow, the wolf king sent its first attack towards the commander, keeping in mind that defeating it would allow the wolf king to emerge victorious.
"Uwooghh…" Quickly understanding what the wolf king was aiming for, the plant commander ordered all three that had joined him to block the attack, successfully doing so as the three used their wide arms to deflect the attack.
"Uwowoohh…" Noticing that the wolf king was standing in place as it looked for an opening it could exploit, the commander swiftly sent down a command to the three, allowing them to take advantage of the situation. With that, the three lunged forward and held the wolf king by the legs, affixing the opponent in place.
"Awoo!" Realizing that it had made a lapse in judgment, the wolf king swiftly let out a howl, sending down a command to the other wolves that one of them should help it free the wolf king from the encirclement. However, with all of the wolves still engaging with their opponents, none of them were free enough to help the wolf king out, prompting anger to appear in the latter's eyes.
"Uwoo…" Transforming one of its arms into a sharp tip, the commander made use of the opportunity and thrust its arm forward, hoping to hit the wolf king at one of its vital parts.
Unfortunately…
"Awooo!!!" Seeing that none of the other wolves could help it out, the wolf king decided to take matters into its own hands, severing one of the arms holding it down by biting down on it with its large jaw. Then, with the increased freedom to move about, it relied on the strength its hind legs contained to propel itself forward, dodging the sharp tip the commander sent just in the nick of time.
"Grr…" Distancing itself from the opposing group tasked to defeat it, the wolf king let out a low growl as it stared at the four, letting it know through its action that their fight was only beginning.
Chapter 504: Increasing The Stakes

"Awoo!!!" Letting out yet another howl as it gave a set of orders to the other wolves, the wolf king lunged forward with greater force, hoping to catch its enemies by surprise as it opened its maw wide to bite down.
"Uwowogghh!" Realizing what its opponent was about to do, the plant commander ordered the three accompanying it to tank the blows, prompting the three to raise their arms once more.
Whoosh!
Without even caring as to where its bite would land, the wolf king bit down with full force, only to realize that its attack had landed once more on the other summons accompanying the plant commander. Then again, even though the bite from the wolf king was mostly blocked by the defense set up, that did not mean that the plant summons themselves were unharmed.
Swoosh!
Seeing as landing yet another bite proved ineffective in the current situation, the wolf king took advantage of its body being anchored to one of the plant summons, slashing down with both of its claws in a bid to deal great damage to one of the summons.
Unexpectedly, this strategy had worked, rendering one of the plant summons immobile as the force behind the wolf king's attack was more than enough to cut the one it had bit down on in two.
"Awooo!!!" Seeing that their leader was finally gaining an advantage over the opponent, the other wolves had become motivated to push their bodies to the limit, taking on a more aggressive approach as they fought against their respective enemies.
"Uwaarrgghh…" Letting out a deep groan in response to one of the plant summons' deaths under the paws of the wolf king, the plant commander seemed to have become furious as it commanded the two remaining summons accompanying it to retreat, giving the wolf king time to rest as the latter wondered what the plant commander wanted to do.
However, contrary to the wolf king's expectations, thinking that the plant commander would have launched an all-out offensive against the wolf king alone, the plant commander instead asked the two plant summons to stand idly in front of it before…
Cutting the two just like how the first one died.
Thud. Thud.
Seeing the vigor within these two plant summons gradually disappear as the wolf king witnessed it happen in front of it, the wolf king found it slightly amusing that the plant commander would cull its own force in an act of desperation. Though, before the wolf king could even respond in a way that showed its amusement…
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Rumble…
Out of nowhere, the ground within the plant commander's vicinity began to rumble, prompting the wolf king to increase the distance separating the two of them as it faintly felt a bit of fear as it looked at what stood before it. In fact, Hal, who could witness the entire fight through the wolf king's senses, was also left at a loss for words as he watched what was happening.
"Isn't this a bit too much? We still have to take the inheritance into consideration, no?" Looking at Loreina on the other side of the crater, whose attention was fully focused on infusing mana into the plant commander, Hal sent a message to the young woman through the chat function.
"Against you?" In response, Loreina allocated a bit of her attention towards Hal before replying to the message with her words. "Not at all."
"If anything, I'd say I escalated our fight quite nicely."
"[Plant Battalion: Root Juggernaut]!"
Swoosh!
Sending out one massive wave of her own mana towards the plant commander that stood there, Loreina watched as the lifeless bodies of the three plant summons that accompanied it gradually turned into motes of dark green light, all of which swiftly headed in the plant commander's direction.
Not long after, these motes of dark green light combined with the mana Loreina had sent out, only for the amalgamation to take on an earthy brown color as these motes began to stick onto the plant commander, improving the might the commander exuded.
"…" Watching the transformation the plant commander was undergoing in silence, a slight frown appeared on Hal's face as he inwardly let out a sigh, deciding to send in a bit of his mana towards the wolf king as a way to counterattack against Loreina's actions.
However, rather than have all of his mana be absorbed by the wolf king, he instead used the wolf king as a conduit of sorts, allowing its body to become a hub of some sort as the mana began to extend towards the other wolves, giving all of them a substantial boost in power.
"[Lupus Unification]."
"Awoooo!!!" As if responding to the power-up the plant commander was currently going through, all of the wolves let out a loud howl in unison as the crimson in their eyes turned deeper.
Then, without even giving the other side a chance to retaliate, all of the wolves lunged forward and attacked with even greater aggression than before, hoping that their greater strength would be enough to take down their opponents.
Thud. Thud. Thud.
One by one, the plant summons fighting against the other wolves gradually began to fall to the ground, succumbing to the great amount of damage the wolves had dealt through their attacks. Because of that, the wolf king gradually gained greater confidence in facing the plant commander before it, who was still in the midst of its transformation.
"Grr…" Growling as it bent its knees, the wolf king swiftly darted forward to the limits of its strength, closing the distance between the two of them within a couple of seconds as it swiped down both of its paws in a cross pattern.
Unfortunately… <subtxt>innead.co</subtxt>
Bang!
Before the wolf king could even figure out what had hit it, the wolf king was sent flying, tumbling on the ground for a few meters as it landed.
On the other hand, it seemed that the plant commander's transformation had finally reached some sort of equilibrium, allowing its now more imposing aura to spread throughout the crater as everyone watching the fight unfold now looked at the plant commander with silence.
Chapter 505: Going With The Flow

"Is that really something someone only at the peak of Rank 2 can conjure?" Watching the fight unfold near the edge of the crater, Faulus and Valyr were left looking at the transformation Loreina's summon had undergone in silence, with Faulus eventually breaking the silence as their eyes slightly widened in surprise.
Standing a fair distance away from Loreina was not a humanoid-looking being made out of greenery anymore, containing a semblance of consciousness in order to act as the commander of her summons. Instead, what stood before her now seemed to be a machine that only knew carnage as its goal, exuding a level of killing intent that seemed uncharacteristic for a summon based on plants.
Then again, the plant commander's current appearance barely resembled anything like a plant.
With its stature seemingly growing a couple heads in height, the plant commander was now covered in thick plate armor, all of which were of an earthy brown color due to the transformation that had occurred earlier. Aside from that, the plant commander now wielded weapons that would normally be wielded by humans, but of a larger size.
"Seriously, I think this is a bit too much." With his attention fixated towards the two large scimitars being wielded by the plant commander, Hal could not stop himself from scratching the back of his head, wondering what he had done for Loreina to act like this.
"Didn't you say you didn't want both sides to go all out earlier? Where did that notion go?"
"…" Hearing the question, Loreina responded with silence, ordering the plant commander to make a move in her mind as she distanced herself once more.
"Ai…" Letting out a slightly exasperated sigh, Hal decided to end the fight as quickly as possible, commanding the other wolves through the wolf king to congregate near the latter as they prepared for what would be their final bout.
"Awooo!" Howling in unison as if to respond affirmatively to Hal's orders, the other wolves swiftly arrived near the wolf king, standing around it as all of them looked for an opening they could exploit as the transformed plant commander continued to move closer.
However…
Whoosh!
Before the wolves could even find an opening and realize what was happening, the plant commander seemed to have appeared in front of them all of a sudden, slashing out both of its blades outward in a horizontal arc as it rendered all of the wolves incapable of fighting any further…
Except for the wolf king.
Swoosh!
Empowered by the mana Hal had given it earlier, the wolf king was barely able to dodge the sudden attack from the plant commander, feeling a great amount of heartache as all of its comrades had fallen victim to the latter's viciousness.
Sadly, even though the wolf king knew that the best move was to move away from the commander and find a way to retaliate, considering that it had not really expended a lot of energy, the wolf king had received a certain command in its mind, allowing its body to be enveloped in the aura being exuded by the plant commander as the two stood face-to-face for what would be the final time.
Bang!
Without any shred of mercy, the plant commander sent both of its blades downward, cutting the wolf king into three parts as the latter gradually dispersed into specks of mana, eventually disappearing into thin air.
Not long after, the other wolves also began to disperse into thin air, as well as the other plant summons that had been felled by the wolves before the plant commander's eventual transformation.
With that, the only summons that remained within the crater was the transformed plant commander, as well as the remaining plant summons that were lucky enough to escape the wolves' frenzied attacks from earlier. Then again, the latter group looked to be worse for wear, with a great portion of their limbs barely connected to their torsos.
"Now…" Making her way in front of the transformed plant commander, Loreina looked at Hal with a solemn expression as she threw her a question. "Are you willing to continue this fight… or would you like to admit defeat?"
"I'll… admit defeat." Though he deliberated on the question for a bit, Hal eventually chose to end the fight then and there, bitterly smiling as he thought about Loreina's condition.
Surprisingly, as if those words from the young man had woken Loreina up, the personality the young woman took on during the fight gradually disappeared, her demeanor returning to how it was from before the fight.
"Though I did say not to go all out… you could've taken me a bit more seriously, no?" Not long after, she let out a slightly annoyed sigh as she looked at Hal, who could only bitterly smile in response.
"If you were in my shoes, you would have understood what I felt when I saw you transform that summon of yours" said Hal. "If anything, it felt like you had gone all out during that fight."
"Eh? Did I really?" As if she briefly forgot what had transpired during their fight, Loreina turned around to look at her remaining summons, eventually focusing her attention on the commander she had transformed near the end of their fight.
"But I haven't really gone all out yet, though?" Pointing at the commander she had transformed, Loreina turned to look back at Hal before tilting her head in slight confusion, causing the latter to be left at a loss for words as he wondered whether or not to believe in her statement.
"In any case…" Deciding not to argue about whether she had gone all out or not any further, Hal quickly shifted the topic to the next fight. "With how things concluded, you're the winner of this fight."
"As long as I get a higher chance of obtaining the leader spot, I guess." Also finding it pointless to argue with Hal as to whether or not she had gone all out during their fight, Loreina decided to agree with the verdict of the fight, heading back to the edge of the crater as Hal followed suit soon after.
"Let us take a short break to recuperate our physical and mental conditions before continuing on with the fights," said Hal after he sat down at the edge of the crater once more, to which the others nodded in agreement.
"By then…" After that, he turned to look at Valyr before smiling.
"Would you finally be willing to choose your opponent, Valyr?"
Chapter 506: A Small Reprieve

"Guess we'll have to wait and see." Letting out a bit of laughter, Valyr grinned at Hal as he responded, signaling the start of their break as the four recuperated all of the energy they had wasted during their fights.
Though he was the first one to fight in the tournament and had expended a great amount of his mana and stamina during his fight, Faulus took the initiative to speed up their recovery, taking out a cauldron from a spatial bracelet attached to his waist before putting it down a considerable distance away from the crater.
Seeing as Faulus had retrieved a few sets of alchemical materials from his bracelet not long after, Valyr decided to leave the young man be for the meantime, reminding himself that immense concentration was needed for one to successfully concoct something through alchemy.
With that, he decided to head to where Loreina sat for the meantime as the young woman's personality during the fight remained vivid in his mind.
Waving at the young woman as a greeting before exchanging a couple of words to initiate the conversation, the young man eventually changed the topic of their conversation to the thought that lingered in his mind.
"You know, I've been curious about something while the two of you fought," Valyr told Loreina.
"Is it perhaps the drastic change in personality I undergo during fights?" Already having a faint idea of what the young man wanted to ask, a slightly bitter smile appeared on Loreina's face as she asked.
"Well… I understand if you don't want to tell me the reason behind it." Feeling as if he had been found out even before he began talking, an awkward smile adorned Valyr's face as he responded. "After all, from how you're talking about it, it feels like there's more to it than it seems."
"It's fine, it's fine." Loreina assured Valyr that it was alright to talk about it. "It's something quite a lot of people know already, so there really isn't any problem with me sharing it."
"Though, before I explain the reason… you do know where I came from, right?" she asked not long after.
"It's in your name, no?" Valyr faintly nodded. "Cappe Village, if my memory serves me correctly."
"Yeah." Loreina nodded in response.
"Well, in short, the reason for my change in personality is due to my upbringing in the village," said the young woman soon after, flashing a wry smile at Valyr as she continued, "Hopefully, that answer is more than enough for you."
"I think I have an idea." Though he really wanted the young woman to explain more about it, Valyr understood that obtaining this kind of information was already a lot, considering that the two weren't even acquaintances to begin with. With that, he decided to work with the information he already had about Loreina from the past, thanking the young woman as he sat on a portion of the crater's edge far away from the others.
"Huu…" Taking in a few deep breaths as he began to delve deep into the recesses of his mind, memories he had regarding Loreina's upbringing began to surface, reminding Valyr that the young woman was an orphan when she grew up.
'Well, it wouldn't be surprising if the change in personality was a defense mechanism for her back then.' Mulling over the thought, the young man let out a low sigh as he quickly felt like his first assumption seemed the most likely.
As a young orphan in the village, it wasn't surprising for people to exploit that kind of status, especially if they knew they wouldn't receive some kind of repercussion from it. Unsurprisingly, a few dark thoughts related to the situation appeared in Valyr's mind, causing him to feel a bit of anger towards those who had malicious intent towards Loreina in the past.
Though, after taking in a few more deep breaths, these dark thoughts gradually disappeared, reminding himself that the situations he had come up were only theoretical at most, all of them easily considered worst-case scenarios.
Nevertheless, the amount of pity Valyr felt towards Loreina's current condition only increased after obtaining that idea, though he would make sure that he would never show it to the young woman. With how the young woman generally wanted to act on her own, judging from how she fought against Hal, Valyr felt like Loreina would treat his actions out of pity as some sort of offensive remark.
'In any case, I never expected I'd come across these figures I used to admire in the past and interact with them as equals.' Standing up as he noticed that Faulus had concocted a series of potions for all of them, Valyr made his way to where the young man was as the thought lingered in his mind.
With how much time he had invested into Greater Beyond in his previous life, he knew the feats and strengths of the three as if it were the back of his hand, feeling great excitement from his inner player at the fact that he would become one of those legends as well.
'Still, to think most of the people I've interacted with so far are NPCs,' thought Valyr to himself as he let out a faint chuckle. 'It seriously doesn't feel like it.'
"Get some potions before we continue with the next few fights." Handing out freshly concocted potions to Loreina and the others, Faulus watched the three drink his potions with a proud smile on his face, the arrogance he had shown Valyr earlier nowhere to be found.
"Woah." With stamina being the resource he had expended the most, Valyr grabbed a stamina potion for himself and chugged the contents down, only to feel like his body was bursting with energy a few seconds later.
"As expected from the Lord of Medicine." Unsurprisingly, Hal and Loreina had the same reaction as Valyr as they drank mana potions, their mana reserves swiftly being topped off just from a single potion.
"I did mention earlier that alchemy is my specialty." Feeling a bit giddy at having his efforts be recognized, Faulus rubbed his nose as he chuckled. With his potions, the four of them focus on resting their minds as much as possible with the remaining time they had for their break, keeping in mind that they were already in their peak condition physically.
…
"So, seeing as we've all returned to our peak conditions…" With all of them gathered around during the remainder of their break, Hal stood up as he announced the end of their break, looking at Valyr with a knowing grin.
"I suppose it wouldn't be a problem for you to choose your opponent now, Ylvar?"
"I've definitely rested enough." Valyr smiled as he stood up, turning to look at Hal before asking, "I suppose I can't fight against Faulus anymore, no?"
"You really want to fight me again?" Hearing Valyr's question, Faulus felt a bit of indignance as he complained.
"Of course not." Smiling at Faulus' words, Hal looked at Valyr and shook his head in response. "After all, we already know who's stronger between the two of you."
"So, that leaves either you and Loreina, then." Nodding in response, Valyr looked at the two other candidates he hadn't fought against, calculating the chances in his mind that he would've triumphed against them. Eventually, after a minute or so of silence, the young man had made his decision, making his way to the depths of the crater in an unhurried pace.
"Which among the two of us are you going to fight against?" Seeing Valyr already making his way to the crater, Hal asked the former once more, only to be met by echoing laughter.
"Isn't it already obvious by now?" Turning around to look at the three as he continued to walk, Valyr had a playful grin on his face as he pointed at Hal. "Ever since I fought against Faulus, I've already noticed your intent to fight against me."
"Unless… you want me to fight against Loreina for now?" Tilting his head as he questioned Hal, the grin on Valyr's face became wider.
"Well, if you insist…" Laughing in response to Valyr's words, Hal swiftly made his way to the crater, appearing at its depths before Valyr had even gotten to its center.
"How eager." With his expression returning to a faint, confident smile, Valyr eventually stood at the center of the crater, the distance separating him and his opponent only being a few meters.
"Vylhalteinn Impyris." Wanting to see if the feeling he had earlier was correct, Hal took the initiative to go over his specialties, leaving Valyr no choice but to listen with rapt attention. "General specialties are in the scholarly arts and in divination, while my combat specialties lie in cold weapons, magic, summoning, and archery."
"Ylvar," Valyr responded with a nod. "General specialties are in blacksmithing, with other things I consider specialties not really important. As for my combat specialties…"
"What if I told you magic was only one of them?"
Chapter 507: A Battle Between Monsters

"To be honest, I wouldn't be surprised." As Faulus' eyes widened in disbelief from Valyr's words while Loreina smirked at having her suspicions be confirmed, Hal listening to the young man with amused expression on his face, chuckling not long after. "Ever since that fight you had with Faulus, I already had a feeling you were holding yourself back."
"I just didn't expect you to be holding yourself back far more than I thought," added Hal after that, causing a grin to creep up onto Valyr's lips. "So, aside from magic, what other types of combat do you specialize in, Ylvar?"
"Cold weapons and summoning," replied Valyr, making Hal feel greater excitement towards the fight that would occur between the two of them.
"Are we only limiting ourselves to one type of combat?" Though, just as he thought how fun it would be to finally go somewhat all out against his opponent, Hal caught himself in the midst of his excitement, taking in a deep breath to compose himself as he asked.
"I don't know." Valyr shrugged his shoulders as a smile continued to adorn his face. "Are you fine with only having to use one type of combat?"
"Well, the same could be said to you," said Hal in response with a faint chuckle, examining Valyr from head to toe as he felt the other side's intent. "Are you fine with only having to stick to one type of combat?"
"Against someone like you? Of course not." Saying these words, Valyr flared his aura to the fullest, leaving both Faulus and Loreina at a loss for words as they did not expect the man to be hiding such a level of strength all this time.
"Guess that settles it." Feeling giddy towards the battle they were going to have, Hal decided to respond to Valyr's showing of power, releasing the entirety of his aura as well as the two auras clashed throughout the crater, making one feel as if one were looking at two lions baring their fangs at one another.
Whoosh!
Taking out an exquisite looking sword from his spatial bracelet, Hal gripped its handle tightly as his expression turned calm. With the man's breathing following a certain pattern, Valyr gradually felt like Hal's presence was gradually disappearing in front of him with every passing second.
"To keep things even, I won't use archery during our fight." Letting out a long, drawn-out sigh, Hal looked at Valyr, who had already taken a battle stance after seeing the former prepare for their fight. "Does that sound good?"
"Yep." Nodding in response, Valyr gradually calmed his emotions as well, preparing both his body and mind towards something that he considered as one of the most important fights in his life. After all, not only was he going to fight against a prodigy lauded by everyone for his talent…
His victory in the fight also meant that he would have a greater chance at becoming the leader during the expedition into the Four Pillars' Inheritance.
"I'll be doing the countdown." Seeing that his opponent was ready, Hal took the initiative to start their fight, prompting Valyr to nod as his expression turned even more solemn.
"3… 2… 1…"
"Fight!'
"[Limit Break]!"
Whoosh!
At the very instant Hal signaled the beginning of their battle, Valyr did not hesitate to use one of his buffing skills, increasing the advantage he had over Hal in terms of stats as he used the opportunity to distance himself from the young man.
"[Blade of Six Paths]..." Responding to Valyr's action, Hal decided to chase the former, pushing his body to the limit as he channeled a bit of mana into his blade.
"[Mortal Severing Slash]." Then, after feeling like the gap between them had gotten narrow enough, he slashed his sword outwards, sending a blade of white energy towards Valyr as it zoomed through the air.
"Oh no…" Realizing that he wouldn't be able to dodge the blade of energy in time even with heightened stats, contrary to what any sane person would have done in his situation, Valyr stopped in his tracks and stood in place, his eyes fixated on the blade of energy getting nearer towards him.
"Anyway…"
"[Darting Shadow]."
Whoosh!
At the very moment it seemed like the blade of energy would make contact with Valyr, as if all bones had turned into mush, the young man deftly avoided the attack altogether as he moved many meters forward, slithering on the ground at great speeds as if he were a serpent. <subtxt>.</subtxt>
"Wha—" Not expecting Valyr to have an evasive skill in his arsenal, especially at the level he had shown, Hal stared blankly at the young man slithering on the ground, only to snap back to reality once his opponent was only a meter or so in front of him.
"[Crimson Blaze]!"
Swoosh!
Taking advantage of Hal being dumbfounded by his evasive maneuver, Valyr swiftly conjured a ball of crimson flames before throwing it at the young man, not even bothering to charge it to its full potential.
"[Seven Sage Steps]!" In response, Hal decided to show Valyr his own evasive skill, moving away from the orb of crimson flames nearing him as each consecutive step increased the gap between him and the young man.
Bang!
With no target for it to make contact with, rather than have the fireball reach the walls of the crater, an idea appeared in Valyr's mind as he manipulated the orb to collide with the ground, kicking up a great amount of dust into the surroundings.
Bombarding the ground by activating [Crimson Blaze] over and over again, more and more dust covered the surroundings of the two, prompting Hal to put himself in Valyr's shoes as he thought about what he could do with the dust around them acting as a cover.
Swoosh!
However, just as he had gotten an inkling of an idea as to what Valyr was planning to do, Hal started to hear hurried footsteps heading in his direction, leaving his mind at a crossroads as to what he should do next. In the end, he decided to play it safe, sending out an attack with his blade in the direction of the sound.
"[Blade of Six Paths]…"
"[Ghastly Tornado]!"
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Allocating a bit more mana into the skill, the tornado of energy blades formed by his attack quickly dispersed the dust hampering his vision, allowing him to see who or what was causing the footsteps he was hearing.
"…" Being left at a slight loss for words, Hal found out that the one causing the footsteps was a large boar, which currently ran around in circles as its cover was blown.
"If Ylvar wasn't making the noise, then where…?!" Of course, the question regarding Valyr's whereabouts soon popped up into Hal's mind, looking around for any traces of him. Though, just as he had felt like he had tracked the young man's presence…
"Looking for me?" Valyr grinned, both of his hands tightly gripping on his blood red spear.
"Well… here I am."
Bang!
Chapter 508: The Fight Continues

"[Shadow Serpent Style]…"
"[Strike of the Venomous Night]!"
Summoning a bit of Shadow Energy from the small black mass near his heart, Valyr adeptly maneuvered the energy towards the spear he held, merging it with a bit of his mana as a dark haze swiftly covered the spear tip.
Then, thrusting out with all his strength, Valyr sent the dark haze towards Hal, allowing the combination of mana and Shadow Energy to mingle with one another before causing a shockwave to appear in its place only a few seconds later.
Bang!
"Kuh!" With how there wasn't enough time for him to employ his evasive skill, Hal decided to rely on his blade to defend against the attack, brandishing his sword in the direction of Valyr's attack before infusing it with as much mana as he could.
Whoosh!
Fortunately for Hal, with how much mana he had infused into his blade, almost all of the force from the resulting shockwave transferred onto the sword he wielded, making his hands tremble as the remaining force from the attack pushed him back a couple of meters.
"Haah…" After he had regained his footing, Hal let out a low sigh as he stabbed his ground to the sword for the meantime, briefly gazing at his hands that continued to tremble. Then, after taking in a deep breath, he used both hands to slap himself on the face before picking up the sword once more.
"I must admit that I've become overconfident in my abilities." Slowly making his way towards Valyr, Hal eyed the boar that still roamed around the crater, keeping its position in mind as he continued to move closer. "After all, rarely would I come across an opponent that would prompt me to use everything in my arsenal."
"With that, I must thank you for waking me up from my complacency." Stopping in his tracks all of a sudden, he then bent his knees, gathering all of the strength he could muster towards his legs before dashing forward.
Gaining an idea of what Hal was trying to achieve, Valyr placed the spear behind his back as he ordered the boar he had summoned to move closer to him. However, just as he had manipulated the earth to erect a thick wall in front of him…
Hal had made his move.
"[Lesser Nirvana]…"
"[Enlightenment]."
…
"And here I thought the gap in strength between me and Valyr was somewhat negligible." Watching the high-octane fight between Valyr and Hal unfold, Faulus could not help but let out a long sigh as he thought about the foolish thoughts he came up with while fighting against Valyr. "Who knew he'd be hiding such a ridiculous amount of strength like that?"
"I'm quite surprised as well." Deciding to stay all of them sat earlier, Loreina nodded in agreement, recalling the faint feeling she had while watching Faulus and Valyr fight for the first time. "Though I did get the feeling he was hiding a great portion of his strength while fighting against you."
"Are you telling me that I'm weak, then?" Feeling somewhat offended by Loreina's words, Faulus looked back at the young woman with a slight frown, only to let out a sigh soon after as the woman's expression remained unchanged.
"Alright, fine. I'll put in more effort into training my combat abilities before we enter the inheritance." Sighing once more, Faulus returned his attention back to the crater, with Loreina letting out a soft giggle in response to the former's words.
"So, who do you think is gonna win?" Returning her attention back to the crater as well, Loreina soon went ahead and dropped Faulus a question, causing the latter to furrow his eyebrows for a bit.
"To be honest, I thought it would be Hal at first, but I don't know anymore." Scratching the back of his head, Faulus eventually shook his head as he looked at her. "With how the current fight is turning out, I'd say Ylvar might have a greater chance at winning."
"Yeah… I wouldn't be so sure about that." In response, Loreina gave Faulus a wry smile as her eyes remained glued to the crater.
Slightly confused as to why she would say that, Faulus was about to ask her reasoning when the young woman pointed towards the crater, prompting him to take a look and see what was going on.
"Ah…" Shifting his head back to the crater, it did not take long for Faulus to find the evidence backing up Loreina's claim, staring with slightly widened eyes as Hal's body began to glisten a faint yellow.
"Well then…"
"Guess Ylvar's going to be facing a bit of trouble for some time."
…
"Oh?" Watching the earth wall he had erected be destroyed with a couple slashes, Valyr swiftly moved back as he raised his eyebrow in interest, noticing that Hal's aura had become stronger within a short span of time. Accompanied by the fact that the man's body now began to glisten a faint yellow, it did not take long for Valyr to put two and two together, briefly chuckling as he grinned.
"I'll be fighting you seriously from now on." Infusing part of his mana into the blade and into his hand, Hal sent out a large blade of energy towards Valyr, only to be followed up with a series of bolts that also glistened a faint yellow. <subtxt>.</subtxt>
"[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" Finding Hal's words somewhat amusing, Valyr retaliated against the attack with a barrage of blades made out of crimson flames, making use of both quality and quantity to turn his opponent's attack into a waste of resources.
"So, if I'm interpreting this correctly, you haven't been fighting me seriously so far?" Then, seeing as Hal remained idle after defending against his attack, Valyr decided to taunt the man into action, a technique he had used against Faulus during their fight earlier.
"[Greater Lupus Summoning]." However, rather than respond to Valyr's question with a series of words, Hal instead used his actions as an answer, spending a considerable chunk of his mana to summon a small group of wolves in front of him. Then, after consuming a mana potion he had stored in his spatial bracelet, he commanded all of the wolves to attack Valyr as he followed closely behind them.
"Now we're getting somewhere." Deciding to top off his mana reserves as well, Valyr hastily consumed a mana potion stored inside his spatial bracelet as he increased the distance separating him and Hal, giving himself time to think about his next move.
Then again, it didn't take long for him to come up with an idea, considering what he was up against.
"[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]!"
"[Intermediate Fire Magic Style: Blazing Vigor]!"
"[Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts]!"
Chapter 509: Showing All Cards

Activating all of the offensive stat boosting skills he had in his arsenal that he had stored for a later time, Valyr slammed both of his hands into the ground, channeling a great portion of his mana into it as he began to chant a long string of gibberish-sounding words.
"Ih pyn'ah tt'wagg k'ahn haap nmal'kas at meht'tagg!"
"[Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts]!"
"[Growth Summon Arx'has Boar]!"
Whoosh!
Within seconds, the mana Valyr had infused into the ground swiftly transformed itself into a large magic circle made out of multiple runes as a large entity slowly manifested above it. Due to the aura the entity was radiating as it was being summoned, Hal decided to change his commands, telling the wolves he had summoned to surround the entity instead.
"How about we show them what we've got?" Faintly grinning as he noticed the change in Hal's combat tactic, Valyr sent out another wave of his mana as he made a selection in his mind, allowing the entity he was summoning to finally appear in reality.
"Goooorrrkkkk!!!" Obtaining a mental command from Valyr at the very instant it was summoned, the Arx'has Boar let out a loud and deep groan, causing part of the ground to tremble due to how loud it was.
"Grr…" In response, the wolves immediately felt a hint of fear enter their bodies, feeling as if their legs had gained a mind of its own. Then again, with how large the boar in front of them was, spanning over eight meters in length and over two meters in size, as well as the imposing aura it radiated, it was no surprise that their primal instincts had taken over.
'Definitely a good idea to summon one of the first two boars.' Seeing as the wolves had become idle, the grin on Valyr's face slightly widened as he thought about the boar that had been running around the crater all this time.
'I'll be dispelling you for now.' Doing a few gestures with his hands as he released part of his mana through it, the boar that was still running around the crater gradually dissipated into thin air, allowing Valyr to regain part of the mana he had spent summoning it in the first place.
"Well, that's definitely unexpected." Slightly surprised that there was still a feature of the summoning skill that he had not yet figured out, Valyr was about to make his move against the wolves with the Arx'has Boar when Hal had appeared to his side, sending out a barrage of energy blades and energy bolts in the process.
"Stall the wolves for the meantime," said Valyr before dashing in Hal's direction, activating [Crimson Blade Torrent] in retaliation.
"Gork." Letting out a sound in response to Valyr's command, the Arx'has Boar swiftly returned its attention to the wolves surrounding it as it flared its aura in its entirety once more.
"Awoo!!!" However, unlike before, where the wolves felt a great sense of intimidation from the boar's aura, the wolves let out a howl in unison, as if they had gotten over the initial sense of fear and intimidation they felt earlier.
Though, just as the boar thought to itself that it wouldn't have to do a lot to make the wolves stay where they were, the wolves charged towards it at the highest speed their bodies could muster, swiping down on the boar's abdomen with their paws.
"Gork!" In response, the boar swiftly turned its entire body in the direction of the attacking wolves before putting all of its strength into a headbutt, aggroing all of the wolves onto it as the attack sent all of the wolves flying in all directions.
…
"You know… I'm kind of curious as to where your limits lie." Continuing to stay on the offensive as he sent attack after attack towards Valyr, Hal decided to strike up a conversation with the young man in the process. "Sure, you may have shown me a lot more things when compared to your fight against Faulus, but I haven't seen you truly go all out yet."
"I could say the same to you," said Valyr in response, nullifying all of the attacks sent at him with attacks of his own. Then, seeing that his opponent had left himself wide open, he sent a series of magic attacks that combined two elements, all of which wreaked great havoc within the crater. "I also wonder where your limits lie."
"I guess we'll have to push each other to desperation to find that out." Chuckling in response to Valyr's words, Hal sent out a series of attacks that dispelled all of the large area attacks his opponent had sent at him before stopping in his tracks all of a sudden, going against the momentum he had built up as he took in a deep breath.
Then, gripping the sword he wielded with both hands, he raised his weapon above his head, slowly infusing it with mana.
Gradually feeling as if the sword Hal wielded was becoming one with the young man, Valyr let out a faint hiss as he watched the sword take on the same-colored glow Hal's body had taken on, sensing that the mana within the sword was growing beyond a level even Rank 2 mages would struggle to control.
'Truly a prodigy deserving of his title.' Feeling a slight urge to just admit defeat then and there as he knew very well what he was up against, Valyr quickly suppressed this urge as he thought of the current situation from another perspective, taking it as an opportunity to witness something special firsthand.
"Seriously. To think that he's already awakened an Intent Seed before even ascending to Rank 3." Muttering these words to himself in a tone of slight disbelief, the young man calmed himself down as he thought about how he would defend against the upcoming attack.
"I'd suggest you to avoid this attack if possible." Sensing that his sword had reached its limits in terms of mana capacity, Hal looked at the solemn-looking Valyr with a cold expression. "Or if you're confident in your strength, defend against it."
"I'm confident in my strength, alright." Retrieving the blood-red spear behind his back, a confident grin appeared on Valyr's face as he firmly gripped on his spear with both hands. "Show me what you've got!"
"Don't say I didn't warn you." As a smirk briefly appeared on Hal's face, the young man soon sent his sword down to the ground, causing a blade of golden energy to appear in front of him before swiftly expanding into a wave, enveloping almost a third of the crater in less than an instant.
"[Blade of Six Paths: Nascent Sword Intent]."
"[Golden Celestial Judgment]."
Chapter 510: Light Vs Dark

Whilst the fight between Hal and Valyr had seemingly reached its climax, with the former unleashing a move that instilled fear even to the escorts that had accompanied the four candidates to the crater, Loreina and Faulus' attention were fixated on the attack, briefly feeling a sense of dread from the golden light that had covered part of the crater.
"To think the rumors were true," muttered Loreina as she recalled the stance Hal had taken before unleashing his attack. Going through the vivid memory, she watched the young man in her mind raise his sword up into the air before infusing it with his mana, causing the blade to glow the same color as his body.
Then, as if a switch had been flipped all of a sudden, the sword and the young man seemed to have become a single entity, both of them giving off the feeling that they could cut through anything within an instant underneath the great power it contained.
"I don't even know if we could even be considered a prodigy in front of him." Shuddering as her mind stopped on the exact moment she felt Hal and his blade become as one, Loreina let out a low sigh as she shook her head, watching as the golden light from Hal's side continued to envelop more and more of the crater.
"Well, he's not called the Lord of All Trades for nothing." Faulus wryly smiled, letting out a sigh of his own as he shook his head as well. "But still… awakening an Intent Seed at Rank 2 is considered near impossible."
"And we just saw that impossibility become a reality," said Loreina, prompting Faulus to turn silent as both of them went over the knowledge they already had about Intents.
From what they knew, the earliest one could obtain an Intent was at the class rank following their current one, which had its own set of rules, procedures, and qualities that would take ages to go over. However, before one could even obtain an Intent, one would first have to find the concept or type of knowledge that they have great understanding in before proceeding to trek the journey of awakening an Intent.
Now, if one were to find this concept and pushed their understanding of it past a certain quality, one would begin to feel a faint connection to this understanding, which would eventually give rise to the connection one would have with the world.
Though different places called it under different names, this first faint connection was mostly known by everyone as the Intent Seed, the proof that one was already on the path of awakening their Intent.
'With how smooth the feeling of unity is between him and the blade… he's probably reached the second stage already.' Sighing once more, Faulus watched as the golden light had already occupied around three-fourths of the crater's area, leaving only a quarter left for Valyr to move about.
"Though Valyr is definitely strong in his own right, it seems that even the strength he was hiding from us isn't enough to triumph against Hal." Saying these words, Faulus turned to look at Loreina with a faintly bitter smile, for some reason having hope in his mind all this time that Valyr would be able to beat Hal. Though, with how things were turning out, it seemed like he had to suppress these feelings deep inside.
However, just as the young man thought that Hal was undoubtedly going to be the winner of the fight between the two, Faulus noticed Loreina becoming incredibly shocked, prompting him to turn his head towards the crater, only to be left at a loss for words as well.
That was because… aside from the golden light within the crater…
There was now a dark haze.
…
"This is definitely something you don't see every day." Witnessing the golden light Hal had sent out gradually consume more and more of the crater's inside, Valyr decided to dispel the Arx'has Boar he had summoned, noticing that the wolves Hal had summoned earlier were already taken care of.
"I really have to go all out against this… or else I won't come out of this with just a few minor injuries." Feeling part of the mana he had used to summon the Arx'has Boar return to him, he then took in a deep breath as he retrieved his spear from his back one last time.
"Gotta make every second count." Letting out a long, drawn-out sigh, Valyr went ahead and activated all of the buffing skills he had yet to activate, as well as the buffing skills that had expired throughout the fight.
"[Limit Break]!"
"[Offense Aura+]!"
"[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]!"
"[Intermediate Fire Magic Style: Blazing Vigor]!"
Whoosh!
With every skill he activated, the aura he emanated underwent a considerable increase in power, forming a scene that screamed immense desperation when contrasted against a golden light that seemed to engulf everything.
However, him activating his buffing skills was anything but desperation.
"[Shadow Serpent Style]…" Summoning the Shadow Energy stored within the small black mass near his heart, Valyr deftly manipulated it towards the tip of his spear as he simultaneously began to infuse the spear with his mana.
Then, after feeling like both the Shadow Energy and mana within the spear had reached a saturation point, he firmly gripped on the spear with both hands, pointing it to the ground before swiping it upwards at the fullest extent of his strength, causing a wave of dark energy to manifest in front of him.
"[Tide of the Dark Night]."
Swoosh!
Like a fine blade, the wave of dark energy began to cut through the golden light attempting to engulf the entire crater, gradually giving Valyr more space to move about as he made preparations to unleash yet another attack.
"[Tide of the Dark Night]." Watching the first wave he had sent out make headway into the golden light, Valyr eventually felt that the cooldown for the skill had ended, prompting him to send out yet another wave of dark energy, which swiftly combined with the first one to form an even larger wave.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
With the combined momentum of two waves of Shadow Energy, the golden light was now gradually being pushed back to where Hal stood, whose stance and expression all this time remained more or less the same from the very moment he had unleashed his attack.
Seeing the golden light he had unleashed being gradually pushed back, a slight frown erupted on Hal's stoic face, responding to the retaliation from the other side by infusing more mana into the attack.
Unfortunately…
"[Tide of the Dark Night]." As if he had already foreseen Hal's response, Valyr unleashed the skill one last time as he moved closer to the ever-expanding wave of dark energy he had sent out, causing its power and momentum to undergo a massive increase, finally giving it the strength to steamroll through the golden light and make its way to where Hal was.
"[Blade of Six Paths: Nascent Sword Intent]." Seeing that even putting in more mana was useless in front of Valyr's counterattack, Hal decided to focus his attention on a countermeasure, raising his sword up in the air once more in preparation for what he thought was a more destructive attack than before.
However, before he could even begin to unleash it…
"[Breath of the Nascent Wyvern]!"
Chapter 511: A Necessary Sacrifice

Just as Hal was preparing to counterattack against the wave of dark energy Valyr had sent to fight against his golden light, the latter had found a way to sneak up behind the former through the use of [Serpentine Sprint], his steps remaining silent all throughout.
Then, seeing that Hal was wholly focused on accumulating strength for another attack, Valyr took the opportunity to catch the young man unaware, taking in a deep breath before pooling all of his remaining mana into his mouth, a faint heat starting to emanate from him.
With Hal placing all of his focus on preparing his counterattack, the young man was able to take his sweet time into charging his attack to its fullest, allowing an orb of flames the size of his head to manifest before him as his mouth to swing wide open.
Coincidentally, it was only at this moment did Hal finally take notice of Valyr's presence, the surprise of the latter's appearance being behind him all this time disrupting the concentration he had towards the attack he had yet to unleash.
"[Breath of the Nascent Wyvern]!" Knowing that he was vulnerable to Hal's counterattack as long as he gave the young man a chance to swing his sword down, Valyr blew into the orb of flames without hesitation, causing a wave of scalding flames to spread throughout the vicinity of the two as Hal was forced to release his attack.
"[Golden Asura Cleave]!" Tightly gripping onto the handle of the sword he wielded, Hal brought the entirety of his blade downward, prompting the energy he had put into the blade to release through its tip and create a blade of energy far larger than the one he had unleashed before.
Swoosh!
Unsurprisingly, with him imbuing the power of his Intent Seed into the attack, it was no surprise that the blade of golden energy was able to cleave through the wave of flames with relative ease, making its way to where Valyr remained standing.
"No… no…!" Realizing that his opponent had remained where he stood previously rather than move out of the way, Hal's pupils shrunk in fear as he only planned to unleash the attack in a way where his opponent would be able to feel its might. Never in his mind did the thought of having the attack make contact with Valyr ever cross his mind.
"Disperse!" Making use of his Intent Seed being active, as well as his control over the blade of golden energy, Hal consciously forced the blade of gold energy to dispel itself before even making contact with Valyr.
However, even though the strength behind the attack had significantly decreased from the action, it was still on a path headed straight towards his opponent, its might more than enough to land a severe injury.
Fortunately…
"Just so you know, I wasn't frozen with fear." Faintly grinning at the concern written all over Hal's face, Valyr took in a deep breath before stabbing his blood-red spear into the ground, tapping into the Shadow Energy that was stored within him.
"I was just waiting for the right opportunity."
"[Dark Serpentine Repulsion]!"
Combining the Shadow Energy he had summoned with his mana, a magic circle swiftly formed beneath Valyr's feet before forming a translucent dark gray barrier around him, only to reinforce itself with the tendrils of Shadow Energy that originated from the young man.
Bang!
With how Valyr had timed the activation of his defensive skill, the blade Hal inadvertently sent out in his direction had collided with the barrier at the very moment it had finished stabilizing itself, causing all of the energy and strength contained within the blade of energy to bounce back towards Hal…
But not without any cost.
Crack… crack…
"If I had access to the ultimate move, things would've probably played out differently during this fight…" Bitterly smiling as he watched the barrier he had just cast crumble into nothingness, Valyr soon shifted his attention towards the blade of energy he had reflected, which was hastily making its way back to where Hal stood.
"Hah!" Though, with how Hal was the original owner of the blade of energy, the young man did not have any difficulty dispelling the attack before it could even hit him. In fact, the only reason why he could only decrease the power within the attack he had sent out when it made its way towards Valyr was due to how it was already far away from him.
"Huu…" Letting out a long and drawn-out sigh, the glow surrounding Hal's blade gradually disappeared, only for the glow around his body to follow suit and disperse as well. Then, letting out a low sigh, he stored the blade he wielded into his spatial bracelet before looking at Valyr with a wry smile.
"Well then," said Hal as he looked at the man before him. "With how you still remained standing in place even when such a ferocious attack was heading your way… I don't know if I should call you foolish or courageous."
"Call me both, then." Hearing Hal's words, Valyr let out a chuckle as he placed the spear behind his back one last time, scratching the back of his head once he was done. "So, are we going to continue our fight?"
"There's no need." Hal let out laughter as he shook his head. "You win."
"Huh? But we haven't even figured out who the victor is among us." At those words, a look of confusion appeared on Valyr's face. After all, never once had he landed a hit on Hal.
Then again, his opponent had never landed a hit on him either.
"Of course, we have." Maintaining a faint smile as he responded to Valyr's query, Hal pointed at the young man. "If I were in your situation, I would have run away from the attack I sent out, especially if I knew that the attack heading my way would undoubtedly leave me an inch away from death."
"On the other hand, you remained where you were and even used such a deadly attack as a form of retaliation. If I were unaware of the position of the attack I sent out, it would have definitely left me with quite the grievous injury." Saying these words, Hal let out a bitter chuckle. "Though it could be said that we're more or less on the same level of combat strength with how we've fought so far, in terms of tactics, I have a long way to go to reach your level."
"Especially with how you've even considered your life as a necessary sacrifice for victory."
"…well, if you put it that way, then I guess I have no choice but to oblige." Scratching the back of his head as he took Hal's words as a sort of compliment, Valyr let out a slightly awkward chuckle. "Since I'm the winner of this fight... shall we move onto the next fight of this tournament, then?"
"Let us indeed." Nodding in agreement to Valyr's suggestion, Hal and Valyr soon made their way back to the edge of the crater before signaling the beginning of yet another fight that only a few would come to know.
Chapter 512: The Tournament Ends

Whilst Hal had declared the winner of the fight between him and Valyr, Loreina and Faulus looked at the crater, then at each other for a bit before wryly smiling.
"It seems we've still underestimated Ylvar even after he had revealed the strength he had been hiding," said Loreina, prompting Faulus to nod in response as he recalled the faint hope he had that Valyr would be able to triumph over Hal in their fight.
"He's really hidden himself quite well, don't you think?" asked Faulus in response, to which Loreina nodded in agreement. "At this point, I wouldn't be surprised if he's still hiding a bit of his strength in his fight against Hal."
"I wouldn't be surprised either," replied Loreina, only to go silent for a bit as she pondered over the thought. "Though, if you think about it, with how Hal unleashed his Intent Seed towards Ylvar, the chances of the latter still having strength to spare is quite low."
"In any case, both of them are truly monsters in combat." Thinking that their conversation would eventually end up going nowhere, Faulus decided to end the topic of their conversation with a statement he and Loreina could agree on, only to see that the two combatants were making their way to where they currently sat.
"With the fight between me and Ylvar done, I suppose we only have three fights left before we figure out who will be leading the group during the inheritance." As the two combatants waved at Loreina and Faulus with smiles on their faces, Valyr and Hal sat down next to the two just as the latter began to speak.
"Rest first before talking about that," said Loreina in response as she turned around to look at Faulus.
Fortunately, Faulus swiftly understood what the young woman meant by her gaze, rummaging out a couple of vials from his spatial bracelet before giving it to the two that had just fought. "Here. Some leftover potions from the batch I concocted earlier."
"Thanks." Thanking Faulus as he flashed a toothy grin, Valyr received the potions he had been given before consuming them one by one, allowing his energy reserves to swiftly return to their peak condition as he felt incredibly refreshed.
"Haah… I needed that." Of course, Hal had done the same thing as Valyr, with the only difference being the fact that he began to lay down on the ground after doing so. "It's been a while since I've gone all out to that extent."
"You should probably take the time to get more used to it after this tournament is over," suggested Valyr after hearing Hal's words, prompting the latter to look at him for an explanation. "After all, we don't know what we'll be up against in the inheritance, so it would be better for us to be in the strongest state we could possibly achieve."
"Which is why you should really spend more time learning combat," said Loreina to Faulus as she agreed with Valyr's words.
"You don't have to tell me that twice, you know." Feeling a bit embarrassed from Loreina's words after hearing Valyr and Hal laugh in response to it, Faulus decided to shift the conversation to another topic before he would possibly get humiliated again. "So, what are the three remaining fights after your break?" <subtxt>.</subtxt>
"You versus me." Answering Faulus' question, Hal sat up straight. "You versus Loreina, and then Ylvar versus Loreina."
"Yeah… make that only one fight left." Hearing the remaining match-ups for the tournament, Faulus did not hesitate to abstain his participation, bitterly smiling as he compared his current combat strength to the three. "With the conclusion of my fight against you and Loreina being more or less obvious, I don't really see a need for me to fight against you two."
"Are you sure? Don't you think there might be a slight chance for you to turn the tides and triumph against us?" Raising his eyebrow in slight doubt, Hal looked back at Faulus with a calm expression as he asked the question.
"If it were any other person, sure. But against you or Loreina… I stand no chance." In response, the bitter smile on Faulus' face only became more bitter. "For now anyway."
"Well, if that's what you choose…" Though he found it a slight shame to not be able to fight against Faulus, Hal understood the other side's concern, faintly letting out a sigh as he nodded. After that, he turned to look at Valyr. "How about you, Ylvar? Are you planning to cancel the fight as well?"
"I'll be the one to answer that question." Just as Valyr was about to respond that he wouldn't mind continuing to fight, Loreina interrupted the young man before he could do so, taking the initiative to respond to Hal's question.
"I'll be conceding my participation in the fight against Valyr," said Loreina without a single shred of hesitation, her expression telling Hal as if she had already made her mind up on the situation. "Though I may have a chance at winning the fight if I were to go all out, I would rather save that energy for the upcoming inheritance instead."
"Well… understandable." Listening to the young woman's reasoning, Hal turned his head to look at Valyr, who could only shrug his shoulders as he understood the woman's perspective. Letting out a low sigh after seeing that Valyr was fine with it, Hal briefly scratched his head as he thought to himself that the end of the tournament seemed incredibly lackluster when compared to his fight against Valyr.
"With Loreina and Faulus conceding their participation in the remaining fights, the leader of the expedition into the upcoming inheritance will be…" Taking a brief glimpse at the sky before deciding to stand up, Hal took in a deep breath as he announced the overall winner of the tournament.
"Ylvar." Closing his eyes for a bit, he eventually turned his head to look at Valyr, who gave him a wide grin as he stood up before jokingly giving a speech to the others, thanking them for giving him the opportunity to lead the group in the upcoming inheritance.
Then, after talking with one another regarding their preparations for the journey into the inheritance, the four of them went their separate ways, all of them meeting up with the escorts that had accompanied them to the crater.
"Julian's going to be ecstatic once he hears about this." Wrapping his arms over Valyr's shoulder by the time the latter had appeared before him, Zeik widely grinned at him as the two of them made their way back to the Blacksmith Guild.
"Hopefully, this nets me some sort of reward from the Guildmaster," said Valyr in response, to which Zeik responded with a bit of laughter as he told the young man that Julian would undoubtedly reward him with what he'd achieved.
However, just as he was about to continue his conversation with Zeik as they made their way back…
Ding!
[Noel Voragine (Lvl. 87) has sent you a message.]
Chapter 513: Back To The Shadow Plane

'Did he head to the Akashic Battlefield these past few days?' Taking a look at the notification he had received, Valyr already knew what kind of message he would read, focusing his attention on the sender's increased level for the meantime. Opening up the chat function in front of him, he then asked Zeik if they could stop for the meantime.
"It's been quite some time since we've ventured the Shadow Plane, brat." Reading the message he had gotten from Noel, the young man faintly let out a chuckle as he subconsciously began to pace back and forth. "I suppose you haven't forgotten the fact you still need to kill a Shadow Serpent to complete the quest I've given you?"
"I have not," said Valyr in response, even though the real answer to the question was the exact opposite. With how preoccupied he was with other stuff while waiting for the day of the tournament to arrive, the reminder of needing to head back to the Shadow Plane to complete some unfinished business gradually disappeared from the back of his head.
"Hey, Zeik." Feeling like the elder would leave him no choice but to head to the Spearman Guild to slay a Shadow Serpent, Valyr decided to give Julian a heads-up as he inwardly let out a faint sigh. "Unfortunately, due to some abrupt changes, I won't be able to head back with you to the Blacksmith Guild. Could you inform the Guildmaster that I'll be heading to the Spearman Guild if he needs me?"
"Alright." Though finding the abrupt change somewhat odd, Zeik eventually nodded in response, casting a few skills on himself that enhanced his movement speed in preparation for his journey back. "Got anything you want me to tell Julian once I get there?"
"Remind him that I'll be waiting for my reward." In response, Valyr let out a bit of laughter, to which Zeik let out some as well.
"Got it. Take care for now, then." Waving farewell to the young man for the meantime, Zeik soon dashed through the flat plains outside the walls of the kingdom, his silhouette disappearing from Valyr's field of vision within seconds.
"Well, let's get this over with." Seeing that he was now alone, Valyr took a look at his current surroundings to find out in the off chance that someone was tracking him. Finding out that there were none, he then went ahead and activated all of the skills in his arsenal that boosted his movement speed, soon heading in the direction of the Spearman Guild at a speed considerably slower than Zeik's.
"Since you haven't forgotten, I suppose now would be a good time for us to enter the Shadow Plane once more, no?" Bringing up the chat function in front of his field of vision once more, Valyr read through the next few messages Noel had sent him, the latter among them leaving him with the feeling of being spied on.
"Especially with the tournament between the inheritance's candidates being over and all." <subtxt>.</subtxt>
"…did the Guildmaster inform you?" Swiftly getting over the feeling he had just felt as he took in a few deep breaths, Valyr then thought about the multiple possible ways Noel had come across the knowledge, eventually going with what seemed the most obvious.
"That he did." Fortunately, Noel's response confirmed his most likely hypothesis, prompting Valyr to inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he thought of the elder as someone who could send spies to track him if he wanted to. "Fret not, brat. He only informed me of the tournament, not its purpose."
"Though it definitely won't take me that long to find that out if I wanted to," added the elder on a follow-up message, the feeling of being spied on returning to envelop Valyr's body.
"In any case, with you currently unoccupied with other tasks, and the fact that there's still a lot of sunlight, now is the best chance for you to become a true Shadow Serpentine Lancer once and for all." Letting out a low sigh as he read the elder's final message, Valyr swiftly suppressed the feeling he felt as he selected Julian as the recipient of his message.
"I'll be heading to the Spearman Guild for the meantime to meet up with Elder Noel. Might only be able to come to the Blacksmith Guild tomorrow." Wanting to keep his message brief yet straightforward, Valyr pondered over the words making up his message for a while as he continued to dash through the vast plains surrounding the kingdom.
"Take your time. Would prefer if you came tomorrow anyway." By the time he was about a couple hundred meters away from one of the kingdom gates, Julian had responded back to his message, with the latter portion being somewhat cryptic. Deciding that he would focus on the promotion of his subclass for the meantime, Valyr placed the thought at the back of his head for now as he arrived at the Spearman Guild not long later.
…
"And here I thought I'd be waiting around for a bit longer." Opening up the door that led to the room where Elder Noel stayed, Valyr was instantly greeted by the voice of a familiar old man, causing a bitter smile to appear on his face.
"I would definitely like to apologize that I've been busy for the past few days," said Valyr in response, to which Noel responded by waving his hands in nonchalance.
"Unlike before, you being busy these past few days isn't really much of a problem," replied Noel, faintly grinning. "Especially with the waves you've set off through the kingdom with what you've achieved. Perhaps, even the empire has already caught wind of your feats."
"Is that so?" Though Valyr was slightly confused at first by what Noel meant, it did not take long for him to put two and two together in his mind, understanding that the old man before him was talking about the artifact he had forged a few days ago. "Has that caused any issues?"
"Not any issues that you or I would need to care about, but definitely some issues have arose for others because of what you did." Saying these words, Noel let out a chuckle before placing his hands on the ground. Then, summoning a portion of his Abyssal Energy, a magic circle was swiftly created, the rift that led to the Shadow Plane appearing above it not long after.
"In any case, let's not think about those matters for the meantime."
"For now, it's time for you to kill a Shadow Serpent."
Chapter 514: Finding A Shadow Serpent

Whoosh!
Unlike before, Valyr was the first one to enter the rift leading to the Shadow Plane, feeling the ever familiar Shadow Energy envelop him in an instant. However, rather than envelop his body in a way that felt more like a dog greeting their owner, it was as if the Shadow Energy had bound him in place, rendering all of his senses useless.
Fortunately, the sensation only lasted for a brief moment, with the Shadow Plane recognizing his connection to it. With that, the glum yet topsy-turvy landscape appeared before the young man once more, the small incident he had experienced just as he had entered already forgotten.
"So, how long do we have till we have to leave the Shadow Plane, Elder Noel?" Seeing as Noel had also made his way to the other side, Valyr went ahead and took the time to ask a question while acclimating himself once again to his current environment.
"Roughly two days, give or take," said Noel in response, also having undergone the same check from the Shadow Plane as he went in. Though, with his control over Abyssal Energy rather than Shadow Energy, the Shadow Plane had recognized his existence far earlier.
"Since you've already accomplished the other objectives of my quest the previous time we were here, the only thing left for you to do is to slay a Shadow Serpent and make its Shadow Energy your own." Looking around their surroundings to sense where a Shadow Serpent could be lurking about, Noel eventually stopped moving in place, soon focusing his sights in a certain direction.
Swoosh!
Taking in a deep breath, Noel summoned a considerable amount of Abyssal Energy before using it to create a solid platform that would allow him and Valyr to stand on it. Willing it to hover a couple of meters above the ground, he then hopped onto the platform, beckoning Valyr to get on it not long after.
Nodding in response, Valyr swiftly jumped with a calculated amount of strength, the force behind it being more than enough for him to land stably on the floating platform of Abyssal Energy. Feeling part of the platform moving around his feet to affix him in place, the young man did not put up any resistance as he looked at the old man in front of him and asked a question.
"Are we heading for a Shadow Serpent already?"
"Mhm." Noel nodded, soon propelling the platform forward once he made sure that the two of them were fully affixed. "With the amount of time we have in this place, it would be better for you to fight a Shadow Serpent as soon as possible in order to accrue experience fighting against it."
"Speaking of which, it seems like your strength has improved compared to the last time we met," added the old man after sensing the change in Valyr's aura.
"Well, I did mention that I'll be heading to the Akashic Battlefield before I left." Valyr let out a bit of laughter. "In any case, I didn't spend the past few days idling around."
"Definitely not." Noel let out some laughter in response as he nodded in agreement. "The fact that you forged an Artifact while only being in the peak of Rank 2 already says a lot about your potential. It's a good thing you decided to use another identity while partaking in that forging duel."
"Wait… how did you know that was me?" As the feeling of being spied on returned to envelop his body, Valyr asked what was an obvious follow-up question to the response.
"How could it not be obviously you?" Turning to look back at Valyr, Noel shook his head as he let out a low sigh. "With how brazen you were in using your Shadow Energy, it wouldn't even take a second for someone like me to figure out that you had another identity underneath."
"Right…" Recalling how he had used Shadow Energy to refine a few materials during the forging duel, Valyr let out an awkward chuckle as he scratched his cheek. "Does that have something to do with the issues you've mentioned earlier?"
"Somewhat." Stopping in midair as they had already traversed a great distance across the Shadow Plane, Noel looked around their current surroundings for a bit before continuing to move in another direction. "For one, all those that have picked up Shadow Energy, whether they learned it from me or not, have been pestered by a great number of people these past few days."
"Aside from that, many people have been heading to the Blacksmith Guild to inquire about you… or the identity you had during the duel, rather," Noel continued.
"Hmm…" Though he felt somewhat guilty for the innocent people that had gotten involved in the mess, it did not take a lot of thinking for Valyr to figure out a couple more reasons why people wanted to see him, excluding the ones he had already figured out during his conversation back then with Julian.
"Political power, huh…" As Valyr muttered these words, a faint expression of surprise briefly appeared on Noel's face, only to remember that the young man's existence revolved around political power in the first place. If anything, it was nothing more than a usual day for the young man if one took the young man's true identity into consideration.
'I wonder what's going on in that brat's mind at the moment…' Feeling curious after Valyr had gone silent all of a sudden, Noel placed those thoughts at the back of his head for the meantime. Instead, he focused his attention towards finding a Shadow Serpent to fight against, eventually finding one half an hour after they had arrived at the Shadow Plane.
…
"Alright." Slowly willing the platform to descend to the ground, the two eventually stood on solid ground once more as Noel told Valyr to focus his sights on the large creature before them.
"Before you engage with the Shadow Serpent before you, keep in mind that what you're up against is considered the weakest type, a Juvenile Shadow Serpent," said Noel as he noticed a faint blue haze appear around Valyr's eyes. "Because of it being young, its combat style leans more towards relying on its instincts rather than utilizing tactics."
"In any case, as long as you're able to kill it, you'll be able to absorb its Shadow Energy and become a true Shadow Serpentine Lancer," he added, noticing that a slight frown gradually crept up the young man's face.
"Say, Elder Noel." Valyr looked at him. <subtxt>.</subtxt>
"What is it?"
"You mentioned earlier that the serpent before us is the weakest among the Shadow Serpents, right?" asked Valyr, pointing at the large creature before them.
"Yeah? What about it?"
"…in what way is that the weakest?"
Ding!
Chapter 515: A Match Made In Hell

Whilst Noel was talking about how the large creature before the two of them was considered the weakest type of Shadow Serpent one would come across in the Shadow Plane, Valyr went ahead and activated [Greater Analysis] to get a better idea of what kind of opponent he was up against…
Only for him to feel a tinge of regret in doing so.
Ding!
[Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Mythic Elite)] (Level 55 | Boss)
Class: Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Uncommon)
HP: 25,560/25,560
MP: 39,096/39,096 <subtxt>.</subtxt>
Stats: 215 VIT, 283 STR, 433 AGI, 590 DEX, 543 INT, 213 WIS, 213 PER, 138 LUK
Skills: [Shadow Energy Affinity], [Shadow Serpent Combat Style], ??? (other skills unknown due to disparity in strength and level)
Remarks: I'd be incredibly vigilant if I were you, especially with that little curse of yours.
'Hiss…' Glossing over the system's blatant warning of fighting against the serpent, Valyr inwardly took in a deep breath of cold air as he looked at the serpent's stats. Though most of them were significantly than his all across the board, the same could not be said for its agility, dexterity, and intelligence.
'I don't even want to imagine its stats once it enters the effect radius of the mark.' With this thought lingering in his mind, Valyr swiftly checked how far he was from the serpent at the moment, inwardly letting out a sigh of relief once he found out that over a hundred meters of flatland separated the two of them.
'In any case, I guess I'll be fighting against a better version of me… in terms of stats anyway.' Letting out a low sigh, Valyr went ahead and asked Noel not long after as to how the Juvenile Shadow Serpent he was up against was in any way the weakest.
"Well… you haven't seen the other kinds of Shadow Serpents you might come across in the Shadow Plane, so I guess such a reaction is understandable." Pondering over Valyr's question for a bit, Noel eventually nodded his head in understanding.
"Either way, I truly mean it when I say the Juvenile Shadow Serpent is the weakest type you would come across. After all, it's the only Shadow Serpent type that's still within the realm of Rank 3."
"As for the other types, the weakest among them would already be in the middle levels of Rank 4, not to mention the fact that some types have even comprehended a kind of Intent that would bolster their strength even further." Continuing to go through the types, Noel faintly shuddered as he recalled his memories of fighting against such Shadow Serpents in the past.
"Of course, compared to the strongest Shadow Serpents, even a million Juvenile Shadow Serpents would be no match for it," the old man continued, conveying through his words how lucky Valyr was to only have to fight against the weakest type. "After all, the only thing that could defeat a Rank 6 being would be another Rank 6 being."
"Anyways, best of luck in fighting against the Shadow Serpent, brat." Letting out yet another sigh after taking a trip down a somewhat miserable memory lane, Noel patted Valyr on the shoulder before proceeding to perch on top of a nearby tree, giving the young man a thumbs-up. "Don't worry too much. I'll make sure to intervene once it looks like you're in danger."
'I don't even know if you'll be able to intervene in time…' Scratching the back of his head as he wryly smiled in response, Valyr soon turned around to look at the Shadow Serpent, taking in a few deep breaths to compose himself in the process.
'I wonder if it'll attack in the same way I use the spear?' Then, after feeling like he had come to terms with what he had to face up against, he then proceeded to dash in the direction of the serpent, the latter entering the mark's effect radius a few seconds later.
"Hiss!" At the very instant the serpent was affected by the mark, it unfurled its dozen meter long body as its eyes began to glow crimson, letting out a loud hiss that shook the watery ground in its vicinity. Not long after, its sights soon focused themselves towards the running Valyr, slithering across the ground in great speeds soon after.
Swoosh!
"[Limit Break]!" Wanting to increase his chances of possibly winning against the Shadow Serpent, Valyr went ahead and activated one of his buffing skills, reducing the time it took for him to arrive in front of his opponent. However, before he could even begin his offensive…
Bang!
As if every movement it made flowed into the next, the Shadow Serpent swiftly halted its movements as it used its tail as a whip to send Valyr flying.
Of course, the young man had tried his best to defend against the attack. Though, with how quick the tail was with the serpent's improved agility and dexterity, the serpent was the first to land a strike between them, causing part of Valyr's chestplate to crack as the two made contact.
Thud!
"Guh…" Failing to find his footing before landing, Valyr had to tumble a couple of times before rolling across the ground, his momentum coming to a stop once he decided to dig both of his hands into the ground. Then, putting all of his strength into his hands, he flung himself forward, using the force he had generated to propel himself towards the serpent.
"Hiss!" Naturally, the serpent took notice of this, moving its tail in a bizarre pattern as a faint layer of dark energy started to coat over it.
"Wait a minute…" Landing just a couple of meters away from the Shadow Serpent on his feet, Valyr noted the dark energy accumulating around the serpent's tail, feeling that the attack looked somewhat similar.
"Oh, fetch!" Fortunately, as if a light bulb had gone off in his head, the young man realized what the serpent was about to do, taking out the blood-red spear affixed behind his back as he proceeded to infuse Shadow Energy into it.
Swoosh!
Without any signal whatsoever, the serpent had moved its tail towards the young man's head at the very moment the coating of dark energy surrounding it had solidified, making it look as if it were a dark spear instead of a tail.
However…
"Oh no, you don't!" Finding the fact that he had only activated one buff foolish, Valyr put the thought at the back of his head in the meantime, thrusting his spear forward against an attack that looked similar to what he was going to unleash.
"[Strike of the Venomous Night]!"
Chapter 516: Truly A Match Made In Hell

Bang!
As both sides collided, an explosion of Shadow Energy spread out to cover the two, obscuring the vision of those from the outside as to what outcome had resulted. Fortunately, it did not take long for the Shadow Energy in the surroundings to disappear, revealing Valyr lying on the ground, briefly writhing in pain.
"Urgh…" Letting out a low groan, Valyr took a look at the origin of the pain he was currently experiencing, which came from his hand that held the spear at the front. Though it seemed like both sides had dealt equal damage to one another, he had ended up on the losing end, the vambraces on both of his arms now showing considerable levels of damage.
'At least I dealt a decent amount of damage to the serpent…' thought Valyr to himself, slowly sitting up to look at the Juvenile Shadow Serpent, only for his face to contort into a bitter smile. <subtxt>.</subtxt>
Compared to him, the Juvenile Shadow Serpent still looked to be more or less in peak condition, with the only thing out of the norm about it was the blood oozing out of tail. Judging from how a considerable portion of it was cut off, Valyr was indeed able to land a counterattack, though at the cost of his own health.
"Over 6,000 damage…" muttered Valyr to himself as he gazed at the faint white text hovering above the serpent, grabbing a health potion he had been storing in his spatial bracelet before proceeding to drink its contents.
"I'll have to change my approach." Feeling his body gradually returning to its peak condition as he stood up, Valyr briefly pondered over how he was going to fight against the serpent.
'For one, it wouldn't be wise for me to fight against it with the spear,' thought Valyr to himself, certain that the serpent was able to emulate all of his spear techniques, as well as showcase some techniques that the young man himself could not unleash. 'Aside from the fact that I would be on the losing end once the spear begins to siphon my strength away, the fact that I'm fighting against it in semi-close range is also a downside, especially with its stats empowered by the mark.'
'Of course, it would still be viable for me to use it as a hidden move, considering how much damage it's able to deal,' the young man continued to thinking, gazing at the serpent to see if it was going to make a move anytime soon. Seeing that the serpent was also staring at him, it did not take long for him to understand that the serpent was pondering over its next move as well.
"And to think the old man said that it relies more on its instincts to fight," Valyr scoffed before distancing himself from the serpent to give himself time to react.
"In any case, since fighting against it with the spear is detrimental, there's only one other way to effectively fight against it." Taking in a deep breath, Valyr began to circulate mana throughout his body, a part of it eventually seeping out of his pores and forming a protective layer.
"Get away from it as far as possible and bombard it with magic."
…
"I'm surprised the brat is having problems fighting against the serpent." As he watched Valyr fight against the Juvenile Shadow Serpent, Noel found it somewhat odd that the young man looked to be receiving all of the serpent's attacks, as if it were on purpose.
"Surely he's capable of fighting a serpent that's not only at the peak of Rank 3, but a serpent that's also at the Mythic Elite tier, no?" Scratching the back of his head in slight confusion as he witnessed Valyr distance himself from the serpent, Noel went ahead and used his identification skill on the serpent to see if he had misjudged Valyr's capabilities.
Ding!
"Wait a second…" Reading through the information he had obtained regarding the serpent, it did not take long for a frown to appear on Noel's face, only for him to soon realize what was going on.
"The brat's curse…" Finally understanding why Valyr was having a hard time against the Shadow Serpent, Noel felt an urge to slap himself in the face, only to stop himself from doing so as he looked at the young man with a hint of concern.
"Would it even be possible…?" Wondering whether or not to stop Valyr from fighting the Shadow Serpent even further, the old man recalled their earlier foray into the Shadow Plane, with the young man having no problem fighting against enemies that were not only of a higher level than him, but were also at the Mythic Elite tier thanks to his curse.
"But this is an Ancient Elite we're talking about…" Murmuring these words to himself, Noel decided to take a look at the serpent's status screen to make his decision, only to notice something he hadn't noticed while looking at it earlier.
[Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Ancient Elite)] (Level 55 | Boss)
Class: Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Rare)
HP: 46,676/52,800
ndαsnοvεl.cοm MP: 107,712/107,712
Stats: 275 VIT, 443 STR, 487 AGI, 762 DEX, 748 INT, 316 WIS, 275 PER, 151 LUK
Skills: [Shadow Energy Affinity], [Shadow Energy Mark], [Shadow Serpent Combat Style], [Shadow Serpent Movement Style], [Shadow Serpent Magic Style], +14 other skills
Remarks: Truly a dangerous foe even to prodigies of the same level.
"Its HP is reduced…" Noel muttered, only to recall the clash between the serpent's tail and Valyr's spear earlier. With this in mind, the old man's eyes widened as he closed the screen before him, deciding to stay put as he continued to watch the fight with a solemn expression.
"Though it may be harsh for someone like me to put a prodigy through even more difficulties… as long as he succeeds, his future would be undoubtedly bright," said the old man to himself, only to catch what he was saying before letting out a bit of laughter.
"Then again, he might just be able to pull it off."
…
"[Intermediate Mana Magic Style: Arcane Influx]!"
Whoosh!
Deciding to lean more towards a magic-based combat style, Valyr began to enhance his magic capabilities, activating a couple of skills that he hadn't even activated before.
"[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" Then, after feeling like he had empowered his magic capabilities to the fullest, he then activated what he considered a staple amongst his magic spells, sending a barrage of blades made out of crimson flames in the Shadow Serpent's direction.
Unfortunately…
Whoosh!
"Oh, come on!"
"You even have magic?!"
Chapter 517: Renewed Confidence

"[Crimson Blade Torrent]!"
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
Empowering his magic to the fullest, Valyr went ahead and conjured a large array of blades made out of crimson blades, making sure to consume as much mana as he could during the process. Naturally, he still saved a small portion for himself just in case things went south.
'I'm seriously going to be out of options if this doesn't work.' Inwardly muttering these words to himself, the young man soon took in a deep breath as he willed all of the blades to head in the serpent's direction, hoping that a portion of them would land on the serpent's body and end its life altogether.
"Hiss!" However, just as Valyr thought that the serpent had no way to defend or retaliate against the magic bombardment he had conjured, the Juvenile Shadow Serpent raised its tail all of a sudden before waving it back and forth.
Faintly wondering what the serpent was doing, Valyr's mind went blank once he noticed the tail being covered in Shadow Energy… as well as another type of energy he was incredibly familiar with.
"Oh, come on!" shouted Valyr in an exasperated tone, putting more willpower into the blades in response. "You even have magic?!"
"Hiss!" As if responding to the young man's question, the serpent let out a loud hiss as the Shadow Energy and mana accumulating around its tail swiftly transformed into a giant ball. Then, with all of its strength, the serpent flung the ball towards the direction of the blades, only for it to explode in midair the very moment one of the blades made contact with it.
Bang!
Appearing like dark fireworks, the giant ball of combined Shadow Energy and mana burst into multiple droplets, all of which had made contact with the blades Valyr had sent out to injure the serpent. Surprisingly, even a single droplet making contact with the blades was more than enough to dispel them, causing the barrage of blades to disappear within seconds as a rain of dark droplets appeared before the young man.
"[Serpentine Sprint]!" Activating one of his movement speed boosting skills, Valyr swiftly ran away from the dark rain's area of impact, barely dodging most of the rain by the time he had left it. Nevertheless, some of the droplets had still made contact with the young man and his armor, corroding a considerable portion of it, as well as dealing a substantial amount of damage to the young man.
dαsvel.cοm "Ngh…!" Enduring the sting the dark droplets gave him as it made contact with his skin, Valyr swiftly took out a health potion from his spatial bracelet before consuming its contents. Then, as he felt his health gradually return to a stable level, he circulated all of the remaining mana in his body throughout the surface of his skin, preventing the dark droplets from doing more harm to him.
"Shadow-attribute magic, huh." Going through his treasure trove of memories as he deduced what type of magic he was fighting against, the young man could not help but click his tongue once he found out what it was. "Definitely not the best type of magic to experience on the receiving end."
Though Shadow-attribute magic seemed like it would act similarly to Dark-attribute magic, the attribute actually acted more similarly to magic that leaned towards corrosive attributes, such as Poison-attribute magic, or Acid-attribute magic. The only between those magic types and Shadow-attribute magic was the fact that it still contained a trace element of darkness to it.
Which only made it all the more devastating whenever the magic hit its mark.
"Now… how the heckwould I fight against something like that?" Seeing as the odds were stacked against him, whether it be in physical stats, in combat style, or in magic attribute, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he took a brief look at the serpent's stats, letting out a low sigh as he noticed that the damage he had dealt to it so far had not even exceeded 20% of its max HP.
"Hmm…?" Fortunately, while reading through the monster's status screen, the young man eventually noticed that the serpent had not moved at all after sending out a counterattack against the barrage he had sent towards it. Thinking about it for a bit, it seemed like it had roughly been a minute since the serpent made its move.
"Wait a minute…" Feeling as if a light bulb had gone off in his head, Valyr moved the serpent's status screen to the side as he sent a single blade of mana towards the serpent, putting a decent amount of energy into it. Unfortunately, instead of the serpent remaining immobile like it had been so far, the serpent retaliated with a bit of magic of its own, sending out a ball of Shadow-attribute magic to combat it.
In fact, one could consider the serpent's retaliation to be overkill for the magic attack that was heading its way, seeing as it had conjured an orb of energy similarly sized to the orb he had sent out earlier. However, whether or not the serpent's retaliation was overkill, what happened after that was more than enough for Valyr to confirm his suspicion.
'Looks like the heavens have still given me a way out of this.' Letting out a chuckle as he halfheartedly avoided the serpent's counterattack, Valyr swiftly removed the dark droplets corroding his armor and body with a small burst of mana before retrieving both a health and mana potion from his spatial bracelet.
"Man, it must be nice to have control over such a strong magic attribute." Consuming the potions he had retrieved to recover his condition to an acceptable level, the young man took in a deep breath before charging forward, extending both of his hands outward as orbs of crimson flame manifested on his palms.
"Hiss…!" Unsurprisingly, the serpent already knew what the young man sought to achieve, trying its hardest to retaliate against the attack, or at the very least, move out of the way. Sadly, with it having cast magic in retaliation earlier, its entire body was currently paralyzed, the reason behind Valyr's renewed confidence.
"[Crimson Blaze]!" Overcharging both orbs of crimson flame he had manifested to their very limits, Valyr jumped into the air before throwing it at the immobile serpent. In response… <subtxt>.</subtxt>
Bang!
Chapter 518: Just To Be Shattered Once More

'-1014!'
'-507'
"Hiss!!!" Though the amount of damage dealt by two orbs to the Juvenile Shadow Serpent was minuscule compared to the attack Valyr had sent with his spear earlier, the serpent still hissed in pain, feeling immense humiliation at the fact that the human that had attacked it had made use of one of its weaknesses.
'Definitely low in comparison… but I can't really complain.' On the other hand, Valyr had a neutral expression on his face as he watched the damage numbers appear above the serpent's body, retreating at the very moment he noticed the serpent begin to move once more.
Seeing as the serpent was about to cast its own magic in retaliation to the damage he had dealt to it while it was immobile, the young man went ahead and conjured a wall made out of earth before him in preparation, only to conjure more of them around him not long after.
"With my Attack stat scaling off of DEX, I definitely wouldn't be able to use magic to its full potential." Finishing off his defense preparations against the serpent's attack by conjuring a dome of mana above the walls, Valyr thought back to the measly amount of damage he had dealt to the serpent with his magic.
Though his INT stat was his second highest stat next to DEX, the amount of damage he could unleash through it was lacking in comparison to skills that scaled off his DEX.
Unsurprisingly, that all had to do with how the Attack stat operated.
After obtaining the Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass, his Attack stat, which used to scale off his STR stat, now began to scale off his DEX stat, which undoubtedly worked wonders for him. However, because of that, any skills that scaled off any stat other than DEX or STR now scaled off of the stat itself, not the Attack stat.
Naturally, the active skills he had obtained related to magic were affected by this, all of which scaled off his INT stat. Though, unlike the Attack stat, which had a multiplier attached to it based off his current class rank, these skills directly scaled off the stat, which meant that the full potential of the skills could not be reached.
Of course, the young man knew the reason why that was the case… which was the fact that it was intended to be that way.
What use would there be for a mage if a warrior could cast a magic spell and deal the same level of damage? What use would there be for a healer if a mage could cast a healing spell and have the healed amount reach the same level of efficacy?
In other words, one needed to have either a main class or a subclass in order for their corresponding skills to scale properly. Physical-based classes would have their skills scale towards their physical stats, while magic-based classes would have their skills scale towards their magical stats.
Then again, there were always exceptions to this rule.
Those exceptions were all known as hybrid classes. Hybrid classes came in various names and rarities, but if there was one thing in common about them… it was the fact that they brought the best of both worlds in terms of skill efficacy.
ndαsnοvεl.cοm A magic swordsman would be able to use sword skills without a problem while casting magic spells on the side with ease. A paladin had no problem making use of their immense strength while healing those who were injured. A druid found no issue sending out a barrage of spells while empowering their allies' strength in the process.
"In any case, I'm making progress at least." Briefly thinking about how nice it would be to get his hands on a hybrid class, Valyr pushed the thought to the back of his head as he dispelled the defense he had put up earlier, seeing that the serpent's rain of terror had finally ended.
"[Severing Crimson Blade]!" Then, with the serpent completely immobile after casting its magic, the young man took advantage of the fact and dealt a couple of magic-based attacks to it, slowly but surely whittling its health down.
…
After realizing the serpent's glaring weakness, Valyr's eagerness to use it to his advantage was sparingly at first, sending out only a couple magic-based attacks to it at most. However, as he went through more and more of what he dubbed the serpent's 'cooldown cycles', he gradually gained more confidence in dishing out more and more attacks within the timespan he had to do so.
In fact, by the time he had gone through what looked to be around the Shadow Serpent's 10th or 11th cooldown cycle, the young man's hesitation in making use of the serpent's immobilization had gone out of the window.
With that, he abandoned his tactic of using magic to whittle its health and deal a large chunk of damage instead, switching to his spear before unleashing a powerful attack after buffing himself to his limits.
"[Strike of the Venomous Night]!"
Bang!
'-8331'
"Hiss!!!" Letting out yet another loud hiss as it cried out in pain, the serpent had already a great amount of rage towards the human that would attack it at its weakest, wanting nothing more than to give the human his just deserts. Fortunately for the serpent, unlike before, where it would remain immobilized while it passively received the human's attack, the Shadow Serpent felt like a shackle had been unchained, its entire body swiftly being covered in Shadow Energy a few seconds later.
"Ahcrud." Noticing that the serpent's body was being enveloped in Shadow Energy all of a sudden, Valyr swiftly increased the distance separating him and the Shadow Serpent, activating [Greater Analysis] in the process to get an idea of what was going on.
"Its health is below 40%…" Muttering these words as his gaze remained fixated on the serpent's remaining health, the young man let out a low sigh as he instantly understood what was happening. "And here I thought I was finally getting somewhere."
"To think it would even have a berserk phase."
"Hiss!!!"
Whoosh!
Flaring its empowered aura in its entirety, the serpent's body seemed to be brimming with power, a stark contrast to the amount of health it had left. With that, it moved about for a bit to get accustomed to its newfound strength. Once it had become used to its newfound power…
"Hiss!" With its eyes fixated towards the human before it, the Shadow Serpent slithered through the Shadow Plane's lands at unnervingly fast speeds, hoping to end this drawn-out fight once and for all with an attack of its own.
'I was planning to save this for the inheritance…' Seeing as the Juvenile Shadow Serpent was now more than hellbent on killing him, Valyr let out an audible sigh as he ran to increase the distance between them.
'But now that it seems like death is possible at any moment…'
'Guess I have no choice but to use it.'
…
…
…
"[Hunter's Tracking Eyes]."
Chapter 519: Ending It Once And For All

"…and to think that I had doubts of him succeeding earlier." Watching the fight between Valyr and the Juvenile Shadow Serpent unfold, Noel let out a mocking chuckle directed at himself as he recalled the pessimistic thoughts he had around the beginning of the fight.
Then again, if one were in his shoes and found out that Valyr had only landed one hit on the serpent so far, they would also feel a sense of despair, thinking that they would have to intervene the very moment the young man's injuries turned severe.
However, contrary to his earlier pessimistic thoughts, Valyr eventually found a way to deal damage to the serpent, taking advantage of the fact that the Shadow Serpent would become immobilized whenever it would use magic.
Due to it being considered juvenile, the Shadow Serpent still had no control over the amount of Shadow Energy and mana it infused into every attack, something Noel realized by the time the Shadow Serpent had sent out its second magic attack during the fight.
Fortunately, the young man had also realized it during that time.
With that, Valyr flung a few magic attacks here and there whenever the serpent was immobile, slowly whittling down the Juvenile Shadow Serpent's health as he gradually gained the confidence to unleash stronger and stronger attacks.
Bang!
"He's definitely shown more than enough through this fight that he's worthy of inheriting the true subclass." Muttering these words to himself, Noel took in a deep breath to remove the astonishment he felt from watching Valyr stand his ground with ease, showcasing a level of combat experience that would rarely be found in a teenager as young as him.
"Hmm?" However, just as he thought that the fight would eventually without much fanfare due to the weakness the young man had found, the serpent had undergone through a massive change all of a sudden, siphoning a great portion of the ambient Shadow Energy within the area before using it to cover its entire body a few seconds later.
"A berserk phase." Realizing what was happening, Noel clicked his tongue as he activated his identification skill, only to click his tongue once more as he looked at the serpent's empowered stats.
Ding!
[Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Ancient Elite)] (Level 55 | Boss)
Class: Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Rare)
HP: 18,955/52,800
MP: 24,564/107,712
Stats: 275 (385) VIT, 443 (620) STR, 487 (682) AGI, 762 (1,067) DEX, 748 (1,047) INT, 316 (442) WIS, 275 (385) PER, 151 LUK
Skills: [Shadow Energy Affinity], [Shadow Energy Mark], [Shadow Serpent Combat Style], [Shadow Serpent Movement Style], [Shadow Serpent Magic Style], +14 other skills
Remarks: A catastrophe waiting to burst. Even those of a higher class rank should be wary of its strength.
'Though Valyr has done a great job fighting against the serpent so far, he's still just at the peak of Rank 2.' Letting out a faint sigh as he thought that it was a waste that Valyr had to abandon a Shadow Serpent that was close to dying, Noel soon began to empower his body with a series of buffing skills… only to stop.
Whoosh!
dαsvel.cοm For a brief moment, Noel felt like an aura had passed through his body, giving him the odd feeling that every nook and cranny of his body was visible to this aura that had just passed. Looking around his surroundings to see where the aura had come from, the old man eventually found the origin of that aura.
The young man that he was planning to save.
"What…" Briefly at a loss for words as he felt the aura surrounding Valyr undergo a drastic change, Noel wondered as to what kind of skill the young man had activated.
"Hah." However, just as he had come up with the question, he swiftly discarded it as well, a curious smile creeping up onto his lips as he deactivated all of the buffing skills he had just activated.
"I guess it won't be a waste, after all."
…
"Huh." As he activated [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], Valyr took a look at the status screen he had moved to the side all this time, feeling a wry smile creep up onto his lips as he noticed two of its stats break through the four digit barrier.
However, the tension he felt from thinking about fighting what looked to be his most difficult opponent to date swiftly disappeared once his eyes worked in overdrive, gradually noticing various weak spots that hadn't been visible to him before.
With that, Valyr thought to himself that if he were to have made use of these weak spots during the beginning of the fight, he was certain that he would have reached the berserk phase far earlier. Perhaps, the fight would have already been over if he were to use it at the beginning.
"I should have really used this earlier," muttered Valyr to himself as he found more and more weak spots around the serpent, continuing to run around the Shadow Plane in order to find its most vital spot.
Though Valyr knew that utilizing [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] during a fight would allow him to end it faster, there was a part of him that still wanted to find out his limits before having to rely on such a powerful skill as the eyes. In fact, it was the reason why he had not used the skill in the fight, instead relying on the combat style he had been used to.
However, now that he had been left with no choice, he had finally experienced using the skill during an actual fight. With that, he now knew for sure that it would become a staple skill of his soon enough.
"Found it!" Eventually, after a minute or so of running around the Shadow Plane, Valyr found the serpent's most vital spot, its position demarcated by a pitch-black circle in the middle of his vision. Knowing what he had to do, the young man swiftly changed his running direction, charging towards the serpent instead of running away from it.
"Hiss!" Taking it as a sign of provocation, the serpent doubled down on its efforts, slithering through the ground at a far faster speed than before as it aimed to land a strike that would end the human's life once and for all.
"Hyah!" Unfortunately, just as Valyr was within the serpent's striking range, the former jumped into the air with all his might, even going so far as to activate all of the buffing skills he had yet to activate in order for him to reach a higher altitude.
"[Shadow Serpent Style]…" With the serpent stopping in place as it knew that catching the human off guard as it fell would be the best way to kill it, Valyr took out his spear whilst in midair, only to position himself in a way that would allow the spear's tip to arrive at the ground first.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
Then, once he had made sure that the spear tip lined up directly towards the pitch-black circle he could see in his field of vision, Valyr allowed the Shadow Plane's gravity to do its thing as he began to fall at accelerated speeds, summoning Shadow Energy and mana in the process as the tip soon made contact with a specific portion of the serpent's back.
"[Strike of the Venomous Night]!"
Bang!
'-48,545!!!'
…
…
…
[With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.]
[You have slain a Level 55 Juvenile Shadow Serpent (Ancient Elite). You have gained 1,541,364 XP.]
[You have completed part of the requirements for the quest: Returning to One's Roots.]
[Slay a Shadow Serpent (1/1).]
[You have completed the quest: Returning to One's Roots.]
[Head to Noel to receive your rewards.]
Chapter 520: Rewarding One’s Efforts

"Hiss!!!" With the world working in Valyr's favor, the spear he firmly gripped pierced through a certain part of the serpent's back with great ease, as if the coating of Shadow Energy surrounding its body had never existed in the first place.
"…" Continuing to maintain a tight grip on the spear, Valyr eventually landed on solid ground, prompting him to put his entire weight and strength on the spear as the pitch-black circle remained within his field of vision.
Due to the peculiarity of how [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], the young man had the ability to peer through the insides of any item or being he deemed as a target, allowing him to see what specific part of the serpent had been deemed by the skill as a vital spot.
'A sac… no, sacs filled with Shadow Energy.' Looking at the exact spot his spear had pierced through, Valyr saw what looked to be a sizable lump near the Shadow Serpent's heart. However, as he peered closer into this lump, he noticed that this lump was made up of hundreds of smaller lumps, all of which radiated an aura that was incredibly familiar to him.
"Hiss…" Writhing in pain, the serpent wanted to make use of the remaining energy it had to attack the human on top of it, whose attention was fully focused on the spear it pierced through its body. Unfortunately, within seconds, the serpent fell its strength gradually weakening as the coating of Shadow Energy surrounding its body dissipated into thin air.
"Hiss…" Letting out what seemed to be its final hiss out of indignation for its fate, the serpent eventually breathed its last, prompting Valyr to retract the spear and affix it to his back once he was certain the serpent was dead.
Ding!
"It's finally over." Hearing a series of notification sounds resound in his mind, Valyr got off the Juvenile Shadow Serpent's fresh corpse before lying down on the ground, the toll of physical and mental exhaustion finally affecting him. Nevertheless, a proud smile adorned the young man's face, feeling immense joy at the fact that he was victorious.
"Who knew the difference between a Mythic and an Ancient Elite tier monster would be this large?" Finally allowing himself to take a rest, the young man thought about the monsters he had fought so far, realizing that there seemed to be a large gap in strength between monsters in certain tiers.
"In any case, I've finally completed the quest Elder Noel gave me." Though curious as to whether or not there was more to it than he realized, Valyr discarded such laborious thoughts in his mind for the meantime, chuckling as he recalled his fight with the serpent once more. "I can finally put all of my focus on preparing for the inheritance."
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
However, just as he was about to close his eyes as he knew that Noel was going to arrive at where he was laying down, Valyr noticed that the Shadow Energy the serpent had cultivated began to seep out through its properties, accumulating a meter or so above its corpse to form the largest cloud of Shadow Energy the young man had seen so far.
Swoosh!
Then, without any warning, this cloud of Shadow Energy zoomed towards Valyr, flooding the entirety of the young man's insides as they forced their way to the small black mass near his heart.
Ding!
Hearing a couple notification sounds resound in his mind, the young man decided to look at it once he had finished absorbing the serpent's Shadow Energy, feeling slightly bloated from having to absorb so much Shadow Energy at once.
Then again, it only took a couple of minutes for the young man to finish absorbing all of the Shadow Energy, finally giving him the freedom to take a look at the notifications he had just received.
"Huh."
[Your Shadow Energy stat has improved by 5 points.]
[As you have absorbed the Shadow Energy of a Shadow Serpent, you have improved the innate quality of your Shadow Energy, awakening some of the latent properties that slumber within.]
[As you have absorbed the Shadow Energy of a Shadow Serpent, you have awakened the property of Shadow.]
[As you have absorbed the Shadow Energy of a Shadow Serpent, you have awakened the property of Energy.]
[These properties can be found in greater detail within the skill 'Shadow Energy Mark'.]
Closing the screen he had just brought up, Valyr's curiosity was at its peak as he wondered what the system meant by awakening the Shadow Energy's properties. After all, all he knew so far and from his past life was that Shadow Energy was a type of energy similar to mana, but was just more destructive.
With that, he decided to command the system to bring up the description of [Shadow Energy Mark] in front of him. However, before he could do so…
"I'd suggest you save checking those skills of yours at a later time." Noel had appeared in front of him, looking at him with a stern expression.
Faintly curious as to why Noel had given him such advice, Valyr softly tilted his head as he stood up, consuming both a health and mana potion to make sure that he was in the best condition he could achieve currently.
Luckily, before he even had to ask a question about it, the old man gave him the answer, grinning from both sides as he told him, "After all, that skill of yours would change once you obtain your new subclass."
"I didn't expect you to actually kill the first Shadow Serpent we'd encounter, brat. You've definitely given this old man here quite the shock." Letting out a cackle filled with glee and pride, Noel looked at the young man in front of him with the same grin from earlier, recalling the words the young man had told him back when he had asked Valyr if he wanted the subclass.
'A risk that I won't ever regret, huh.' Inwardly chuckling as the words came to mind, the old man took a deep breath as he composed himself, prompting Valyr's expression to become solemn. 'I gotta give it to him.'
'He hasn't made me regret the decision at all.'
"Because of what you've shown me, I've decided that I'm going to improve the rewards you'll receive from my quest." As Noel said these words, a look of slight surprise appeared on Valyr's face, only for it to be soon replaced with faint excitement not long after. "It's the least I could do, especially after seeing how much effort you've put into killing that serpent."
"Come closer." Hearing these words from Noel, Valyr faintly nodded as he took a few steps forward. Then, out of nowhere, Noel placed both of his hands on the young man's head, circulating his Abyssal Energy through them not long after.
"You know, I've thought about it for a bit while I watched you fight that Shadow Serpent." As the old man planned to accumulate Abyssal Energy in his hands, Noel took the time to give Valyr more insight into what the elder's improved rewards could be. "Would the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass truly be useful to you?"
"From one perspective, that may be the case." Just as Valyr was about to respond to the question, Noel interrupted him, causing the former to realize that the latter was narrating his thought process. "After all, you're a spear user."
"However, with the curse inflicted on you more or less hindering you from using your spear all the time and having to rely on magic instead, the question came to mind," said Noel. "Eventually, I came to the conclusion that the subclass would still help you out, but not in a way that you could fully make use of it."
"With that, I thought about ways I could work around that curse of yours," he continued, his gaze focused on the Abyssal Energy accumulating in his hands. "Perhaps a subclass that would allow your magic to also benefit from its specialties."
"And that's when it dawned on me." At these words, Noel flashed a grin at Valyr as he released the Abyssal Energy in his hands, enveloping Valyr's entire body with it. <subtxt>.</subtxt>
"There was a way to do that."
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
Telling Valyr to let the Abyssal Energy surrounding him do its thing, Noel began to manipulate the Abyssal Energy in a way that cleansed the young man's body both inside and outside, making his senses more perceptive in general.
"I used to have a disciple that was incredibly talented in magic, but had to pick up the spear due to her parents," said Noel as he continued to manipulate the Abyssal Energy. "Back then, I asked myself the same question I was asking myself earlier. Unfortunately, I did not have the capability to act upon it at the time."
"But now… that's not the case."
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
After making the young man's senses more perceptive, the Abyssal Energy Noel used to envelop Valyr soon made its way to the young man's mind, inundating it with a plethora of information regarding the Shadow Plane, as well as Shadow Energy.
"Rejoice, Valyr," said Noel with a grin, retracting the Abyssal Energy after seeing that its work was done. "From this point onward, you are a Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer no more."
"Instead, you are the first of its kind. The first to receive this new subclass. The trailblazer of a new path I've just made a reality."
"Valyr Zeihardt, you are Veldanyr's first ever…"
"Shadow Serpentine Manalancer."
Ding!
Chapter 521: A New Subclass

ndαsnοvεl.cοm ?
At the very moment Noel had retrieved the Abyssal Energy surrounding his entire body, Valyr heard a string of notification sounds resound in his mind, causing him to feel a faint sense of nausea as he recalled the various sensations he had just gone through.
First and foremost was the process Noel had done on him that allowed his senses to be more perceptive. Utilizing Abyssal Energy, what the elder had basically done was improve the pathways that sent signals from his senses towards the brain, increasing not only the speed at which these signals were sent, but the clarity of these signals as well.
'It definitely like I was being operated on every part of my body.' Slightly shuddering at the thought that came to mind, the young man then moved onto the second process Noel had done on him, which was imparting him information regarding the Shadow Plane and Shadow Energy directly to his mind.
Unlike the odd sensation the first process had given him, the second process was more or less tolerable to Valyr, being reminded of the various times in the past he had pushed his mind to its limits. Though the information he had received was not small by any means, the mental strain it put on his mind was negligible at best, processing and organizing the information within seconds by the time the Abyssal Energy was done with its task.
'I guess it's time to check out the notifications I received.' Taking in a few deep breaths as Noel faintly nodded at him in silence, Valyr faintly nodded back as he brought up the notification screen in front of him once more, realizing that the notifications could be split into three types.
Ding!
[Your subclass 'Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer (Uncommon)' has been changed to 'Shadow Serpentine Manalancer (Rare)'.]
[The stats obtained from the user's previous subclasses shall now be redistributed to match the current subclass' stat distribution.]
[You have gained 30 DEX and 135 INT.]
'Darn. That's a lot of stats.' The first type of notifications he had read through were those that had something to do with his stats. Due to his subclass undergoing an increase in rarity, it was no surprise that Valyr had gained a massive amount of stats because of it, his INT being the main focus of the rarity increase.
After getting over the shock of having far more INT than before, he then moved onto the second type of notifications on his list, all of which had something to do with skills related to the subclass.
[Due to the nature of your subclass, the skill 'Shadow Energy Empowerment' has been upgraded.]
[Due to the nature of your subclass, the skill 'Shadow Eye' has been upgraded.]
[Due to the nature of your subclass, the skill 'Shadow Energy Mark' has been upgraded.]
[Due to the nature of your subclass, the skill 'Shadow Serpent Combat Style' has been upgraded.]
…
[Due to the nature of your subclass, you have gained the active skill 'Shadow Serpent Magic Style'.]
[Due to the nature of your subclass, you have gained the active skill 'Basic Shadow Energy Manipulation'.]
'And here I thought I'd have to ask Elder Noel on how to get my hands on it.' Though he had already expected all of the skills to undergo improvement once his subclass increased in rarity, Valyr did not expect to gain an additional skill.
Fortunately, after he thought about the name of the subclass and how it had something to do with magic, it did not take long for him to think that it made sense, soon finding it ironic if the subclass did not give any type of skill related to magic whatsoever.
'Now, for the last few notifications.' Unlike the first two types of notifications, which could easily be identified through the system, the third type of notifications tackled something that only became prominent during certain situations.
His Attack stat.
[Due to the nature of your subclass, your Attack stat now scales off either your DEX stat or your INT stat, depending on the skill that is used.] <subtxt>.</subtxt>
[However, due to the nature of your subclass, the efficacy of the Attack stat on skills that rely on INT are only 50% effective compared to skills that rely on DEX.]
'There's probably a way to improve this at some point. I'll have to ask Elder Noel about this.' Briefly finding it a slight shame that the Attack stat did not scale off his INT stat fully, Valyr was still more than elated by the change. After all, even though the scaling was only 50% effective, he knew very well that the improvement that came along with it was more than 50% depending on the skills he used.
Incredibly satisfied with the changes and upgrades his new subclass had given him, the young man went ahead and brought up the description of the subclass as he briefly glanced at Noel, only to see the old man looking at him with a satisfied smile.
Ding!
[Shadow Serpentine Manalancer] (Subclass)
Rarity: Rare
Many spearmen throughout the ages have tried to forge their own path by taking inspiration from nature, with some ending up more successful than others. However, there are those who forge their own path of spearmanship by taking from nature itself, allowing their way of the spear to stand head and shoulders above their peers.
A Shadow Serpentine Lancer is one such path that takes from nature itself, taking the energy of an elusive beast, the Shadow Serpent, and making it into one's own. Such a lancer gains the ability to land deadly yet elusive attacks under the covers of the shadows, turning them into a foe that would be everyone's worst enemy in the battlefield.
However, amongst these lancers are those who did not abandon the ways of magic, instead integrating them alongside the spear in the midst of their fights. With the energy of the Shadow Serpent coursing throughout their bodies, their beings stand above normal Shadow Serpentine Lancers not only in terms of flexibility, but also in destructibility.
Such beings are only known as Shadow Serpentine Manalancers… and you are the first of its kind.
For each level gained in this subclass, the user gains +2 VIT, +1 STR, +3 AGI, +5 DEX, and +5 INT.
"So, what do you think?" Seeing as the young man seemed to be finished looking through his new subclass in detail, Noel threw Valyr a question as he let out an amused chuckle.
"Definitely far beyond my expectations," replied Valyr, letting out a chuckle of his own.
"Glad to hear, glad to hear." Nodding in response, a proud smile adorned Noel's face.
Though, after Noel's words, an awkward silence soon enveloped the two, both of them wondering where to lead the conversation next. Fortunately, it did not take long for Valyr to come up with a topic, breaking the awkwardness as he asked the old man a question.
"Elder Noel, mind if I ask you some questions while I fight some creatures in the Shadow Plane? I do need to get used to this new subclass, after all."
"I'd definitely be glad to." Inwardly thanking Valyr for breaking the silence between them, the smile on Noel's face remained as he swiftly created a platform for the two out of Abyssal Energy, zooming through the lands of the Shadow Plane in search of foes soon after.
Chapter 522: Following One’s Footsteps

Whoosh! Whoosh!
"I'm beat." Being the first to get out of the rift, Valyr laid down on the ground as he let the cold air blowing throughout the room caress his entire body, feeling his physical and mental exhaustion disappear with every passing second.
"I did tell you not to push yourself so hard, brat." As for Noel, he let out a low sigh as he got out of the rift, slowly shaking his head as he dismantled the magic circle powering the entrance to the Shadow Plane. "In any case, are you finally used to your new subclass?"
"More than used to it at this point, Elder Noel." In response, Valyr beamed a grin. "With how much fighting I've had to do in the Shadow Plane during those past couple of days, you could even say that it's a natural extension of myself at this point."
"Truly crazy," murmured Noel as he sat down on his bed, his mind recalling all of the fighting he had seen Valyr engage in during the time they were in the Shadow Plane.
Though it seemed like the fight between Valyr and Juvenile Shadow Serpent took up quite a large chunk of their time in the Shadow Plane, the total amount of time it took for the two to search for a Shadow Serpent and kill it was roughly three hours. With that, after taking a small break, the young man still had roughly two days to do whatever he wanted in the Shadow Plane before he had to leave no matter what.
Thus, as a response to break the silence between them after the old man had given him his new subclass, Valyr suggested that he fought against the creatures of the Shadow Plane to get used to his new subclass, which Noel unsurprisingly agreed to. After all, if the young man were to fight creatures here rather than fight creatures out in the real world, the young man would be effectively killing two birds with one stone.
For one, he would be gaining experience with his new subclass, finding out the limits of the subclass, as well as the limits of his body under the new subclass. Aside from that, he would also be gaining Shadow Energy from killing the creatures, something Noel made sure to happen every time the young man wanted to fight.
Taking only the most necessary of breaks as he sustained himself on health, mana, and stamina potions in both his and Noel's spatial bracelet, Valyr had killed about five thousand creatures in total, which allowed him to break through bottlenecks for his Shadow Energy stat multiple times.
At the moment, the young man's Shadow Energy stat was at 89 points, allowing the status boost effect from [Shadow Energy Mark] to now be incredibly noticeable.
"As I've mentioned earlier in the Shadow Plane, there's no need to obtain a quest from me in order to improve your subclass to the next rarity." After the two had taken a sufficient break under the room's cold air, Noel broke the silence as he looked at the young man still lying on the ground. "As long as you meet the amount and quality of Shadow Energy needed, your subclass will naturally improve."
"A thousand points in Shadow Energy and 3rd Cleansing grade in quality, right?" asked Valyr in response, wanting to make sure that he remembered the man's words correctly.
"Correct." Fortunately, he did, eliciting Noel to nod in agreement. "As long as you reach that amount and that quality of Shadow Energy, your Shadow Energy will undergo a transformation, turning into Void Energy and allowing you to ascend to the subclass' next rarity."
"Of course, with you being the first Shadow Serpentine Manalancer in the world, I have no clue whether or not the requirements to ascend to the next rarity shall remain the same or not," added Noel soon after. "However, I shall pray to the heavens that it does remain the same."
"I definitely hope it stays the same." Valyr nodded in agreement, deciding to stand up after peering through the room's large windows.
"In any case, thank you very much for your guidance, Elder Noel." Seeing that the sun had already set, the young man decided to say farewell to the elder, giving the latter a respectful bow. "I shall find a way to repay you for this in the future."
"The only repayment I need from you is for you to reach the same level as I did," said Noel with a smile, gesturing to Valyr that he was free to leave. "Naturally, if there ever comes a day that you touch upon the concept of Chaos, I'll be more than content with life."
"Oh, I almost forgot," added the old man at the very last minute. "Since you now have proper control over Shadow Energy, you can open an entrance to the Shadow Plane on your own at anytime. There's no need for you to find me to enter it anymore."
"I'll definitely keep that in mind, Elder Noel. Farewell for now." Saying farewell to Noel once more, Valyr finally left the Spearman Guild, roaming through the streets of Algerie City at a brisk pace before arriving at the inn where he and Wells stayed in a few minutes later.
…
"So, how was the tournament?" At the very moment he had entered the room they stayed in, Valyr instantly heard a question come from Wells, whose expression was currently that of a slight frown.
"It was good," replied Valyr with a slightly apologetic smile, knowing that his friend was concerned for his safety. "Thanks to it, I'm now the leader of the party for the upcoming inheritance."
"Is that so?" With a slight frown still adorning his face, Wells raised an eyebrow as he looked at his friend from head to toe. "Why's your armor mangled, then?"
"About that…" Hearing Wells' question, a wry smile appeared on Valyr's face as he recounted what had happened in the Shadow Plane, omitting details that he knew Wells would not react kindly to.
"So that's why I felt like you've gotten stronger." However, rather than ease up after hearing Valyr's explanation, the frown on Wells' face became deeper as it now showed a hint of concern. "But that doesn't mean you don't need to take breaks."
"And that's exactly why I plan to take it easy for the remaining days up to the day where I enter the inheritance." Fortunately, Valyr's next response did, prompting Wells to inwardly let out a large sigh of relief as a smile now replaced the frown.
"Oh, thank the heavens."
Chuckling in response to Wells' reply, Valyr's expression soon turned into that of slight curiosity as he noticed that the aura surrounding Wells had gotten considerably stronger compared to when he had felt it before he left for the tournament.
"Wells, is it me… or have you gained a few levels?" Hearing this question from his good friend, Wells let out a bit of laughter as a mysterious smile appeared on his face.
"Hmm… I don't know. Why don't you check it for yourself?"
Whoosh!
Just as Valyr was about to nod in agreement to his friend's suggestion, the young man was swiftly bombarded by the entirety of Wells' aura. Within its radius, he felt that the aura gave him a familiar feeling, but he was not sure where that familiarity came from.
"Ah."
Coincidentally, that was the exact moment when it hit him.
"You ascended."
Chapter 523: An Urgent Message

"I did." Hearing Valyr's words, Wells nodded in agreement before chuckling and grinning as if he had just played a prank on his good friend.
"When did you ascend?" Of course, as his friend, Valyr was glad that Wells had ascended to the next class rank, considering the many benefits that ascending offered aside from an increase in strength.
If anything, the only reason why he had realized his friend had ascended through sensing his aura was because of the same feeling Wells' aura gave him while he was interacting with Hal and the others earlier. .
"While you were away, actually." Hearing this answer from Wells, Valyr's eyes widened in slight surprise, expecting the former to have thought about ascending to the next class rank for quite some time. Fortunately, Wells' reasoning behind his ascension while Valyr was away was more than enough for the latter to realize that his friend had indeed put a lot of thought into it.
However, he was not expecting himself to be one of the reasons why Wells had ascended to Rank 2.
"With how much fighting you've been doing lately, I feel like there'll eventually come a day where you need to fight, but you couldn't due to how hard you've pushed yourself. Because of that, I thought that I needed to improve my strength somehow, even if the level of strength I achieve isn't the same as yours. At the very least, I hope to ease your burdens through me."
Though hearing Wells' words made him feel like he was talking to a close family member than a friend, Valyr greatly appreciated that the man was caring for his wellbeing, feeling his heart warm up as he firmly embraced his good friend.
"Thanks."
Feeling a bit surprised at first from the sudden hug, Wells eventually returned the hug back with a smile, telling Valyr that it was the least he could do as he was the reason why he was free to aim for the zenith of spearmanship.
"Speaking of which, what kind of ascension did you go for?" After letting go of each other, Valyr's curiosity took over as he asked the young man as to what species and class he had ascended to. Unsurprisingly, Wells' choice for his species evolution was Human (2nd Unsealing).
His class evolution, on the other hand…
"True Spear Scholar," said Wells to Valyr, prompting the latter to raise an eyebrow as he waited for the former to explain.
dαsvel.cοm "Though it's similar to the Spear Scholar class you've allowed me to ascend to Rank 1 in terms of skill set, the True Spear Scholar class is better than it in many ways."
"For one, instead of the class being Epic rarity, the True Spear Scholar class is considered Legendary rarity by the system." Hearing these words from Wells, Valyr's eyes widened in interest as his friend continued to list down the perks brought by the improved class.
Though, in short, the True Spear Scholar class had only come about due to Wells' intense focus towards a single goal, which was the zenith of spearmanship, while sacrificing other things in exchange. At those words, Valyr realized that Wells tended to seclude himself more often than not, causing him to apologize to the young man after that.
In response, Wells let out a chuckle as he told Valyr that it was fine, assuring him that he did not seclude himself because he needed to, but because he chose to.
After that, the two of them talked about what each other did during the day, with Valyr talking about the improved subclass he had gotten to Wells in considerable detail, even going so far as telling the young man that it was a hybrid subclass of sorts.
Unsurprisingly, with Valyr talking about his subclass, Wells soon brought up the topic of his own subclass into their conversation, or more specifically, the lack thereof.
Listening to the possible combinations Wells had come up with that he felt would synergize with the True Spear Scholar class, Valyr eventually told Wells that he might have a subclass that would achieve a great level of synergy with his main class. Though, not wanting to get the young man's hopes up that much, he told him that he would check the Myriad Archives first to make sure that the subclass he had in mind did synergize with it.
With Wells' response towards the bit of information regarding having to look through the Myriad Archives being positive than negative, the two of them eventually ate their dinner at a restaurant near the inn before returning to their respective portions of the room, with Valyr letting out a long sigh of relief as he lied down in bed.
"There's no greater feeling in life than to finally lie down in bed after an exhausting day," muttered Valyr to himself, only to correct himself soon after.
"On second thought, close to three exhausting days."
"Speaking of which, I should go check the skills that were upgraded by the subclass." Briefly doing a light stretch in bed, which gave Valyr an immense amount of relief, the young man soon brought up a couple of the skills that were upgraded by the Shadow Serpentine Manalancer subclass, saving [Shadow Energy Mark] for last after remembering the notifications he had gotten about it after killing the Juvenile Shadow Serpent.
Ding! Ding!
"Hmm… the boost to PER has increased by an additional 5% on [Shadow Eye] after the subclass was upgraded." Nodding as he read through the updated description of the skill, Valyr soon pushed his perception to its limits to see if that was the case.
"Huh. The boost to efficacy [Shadow Energy Empowerment] offers to both [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] and [Shadow Serpent Movement Style] has improved by a further 10%." With the changes to [Shadow Eye] being minimal after the upgrade, Valyr then moved onto the next skill affected by his upgraded subclass, his eyebrows slightly raising in interest as he continued to read.
"It also affects [Shadow Serpent Magic Style], as well as [Basic Shadow Energy Manipulation]. Neat."
"Let's move onto the various styles," muttered Valyr to himself, closing the screen that contained [Shadow Energy Empowerment]'s description as he commanded the system to bring up the description of all three styles related to the subclass.
However, just as he was about to go through them to take a look at their changes…
Ding!
[Julian Pyrrhia (Lvl. 96) has sent you a message.]
…
…
…
"Come to the Blacksmith Guild tomorrow before the sun rises."
"I'll tell you more about it when you get here."
Chapter 524: The Best Way To Earn Money

"You really had to send a message at that kind of time." Letting out a long sigh as he sat upright, Valyr slowly got out of bed and went through his usual daily routine, the message Julian had sent him last night lingering in his mind.
"Sure, I was eventually able to sleep, but it definitely made it slightly harder." Allowing the cold water from the shower flow over his body, Valyr thought about the various possibilities as to why the Blacksmith Guild's guild leader would send such a message.
Ignoring the fact that he had completely thrown away the thought of checking out the skills upgraded by his new subclass after reading the message, the young man first thought that it might have something to do with the ongoing orc outbreak, prompting him to think that Julian wanted him to come to the Blacksmith Guild early in order to inform him more about it.
However, after thinking about it for a bit more, he eventually recalled the response he had gotten from Julian back when he was returning to the tournament, having to take a detour to the Spearman Guild to obtain his Shadow Serpentine Manalancer subclass.
'Didn't he say he would prefer me to come tomorrow?' Opening up the chat function in his mind, Valyr eventually found the exact message he was thinking about, causing his train of thought to move away from the topic of the orc outbreak and onto Julian's cryptic message instead.
Though, with there not being much information to extract upon such a message, the young man felt like he had returned to square one, just with a few more clues to work off on.
"Well, whatever it may be, I sure hope it's more than enough to make up for a few more hours of good sleep." Letting out a yet another sigh, Valyr eventually got out of the shower and dried himself off before changing into a set of clean clothes.
Taking a quick peek at Wells, who was still sound asleep, he then took a look out the room's window, bitterly smiling as the sun was nowhere close to peeking out of the horizon yet.
Then, wondering if he should send a message to Wells in advance to inform him of where he was going, it was there that Valyr realized he hadn't added Wells to his friend list yet, prompting him to wonder how he'd forgotten something so simple as he wrote a quick note instead.
Donning the full set of Nascent Wyvern Armor, which was still greatly mangled from the fight against the Ancient Elite tier Juvenile Shadow Serpent, Valyr eventually left the inn where they stayed, walking through the somewhat barren streets of Algerie City as he leisurely made his way to the Blacksmith Guild.
…
"Well, you look worse for wear." While making his way to the Blacksmith Guild, Valyr took a small detour to grab some breakfast using the money he had borrowed from Wells.
Reminding himself that he would repay his debt to Wells once he obtained his earnings from the equipment he had forged, he then arrived at the guild a few minutes later, only to be led to Julian's workshop after showing his identification badge. .
"You could definitely say that again." Hearing the words Julian said to him the very moment the two of them met, a wry smile appeared on Valyr's face as he briefly glanced at the set of armor he was wearing.
The reason why he had brought the set of Nascent Wyvern Armor along with him in the first place was because he planned to repair it using the Blacksmith Guild's tools. With how he had obtained the leader position for the upcoming expedition in the tournament, he had a feeling that Julian wouldn't mind if he used a bit of the guild's resources to repair his armor set, especially if it was the armor set he was going to use in the inheritance.
"If you want to use some of the guild's resources to repair it, you're free to do so." Of course, with Valyr coming to that conclusion in his mind, it was no surprise that Julian had come to the conclusion as well, letting out a faint chuckle after seeing the young man's expression light up in response.
"I'll repair it later." Though his intentions in bringing the armor along with him were exposed, Valyr showed his gratitude to Julian before deciding to change the topic of the conversation to what he thought it was supposed to be.
"In any case, why did you have me come to the guild so early? Does this have something to do with the message you sent me back when I was returning from the tournament?"
"Actually, yes."
Thud.
As Julian responded to Valyr's question with a nod, the former headed to a certain portion of the workshop before lifting up what looked to be a large cloth sack that seemed to have a lot of items in it. Carrying the sack as if it were paperweight, the man unceremoniously dropped it on the ground before Valyr, which caused the ground to tremble for a bit.
"What…" Looking at the cloth sack in front of him, Valyr decided to move closer to it after Julian gestured to him that it was his to take. Though curious at first as to what the sack might contain, a thought eventually surfaced within the young man's mind as he began to attempt lifting it up.
"Is this… what I think it is?" Letting go of the sack after getting a feeling of how heavy it was, Valyr looked at Julian with a hint of expectation as the question left his mouth, only for it to turn into that excitement once the latter had confirmed it.
"Yes. That right there is the profit your equipment has made after it was sold through the guild's markets."
"Doesn't something like this take longer than a couple of days to procure?" Wanting to see how much money he had made, Valyr unhesitatingly opened the cloth sack, revealing a portion of the tons of the gold coins that seemed to be stored within it. After that, he looked at Julian before him with slight curiosity.
"Well, that would normally be the case." Hearing Valyr's question, Julian nodded in agreement. "However, with the orc outbreak gradually ramping up, as well as the fact that the name Ylvar has become more prominent thanks to that feat you've achieved, something like this is to be expected."
"How much profit did the equipment make in total?" Nodding after a bit of silence as the reasoning made sense, Valyr then asked Julian the question he wanted the answer to the most…
Only to be left at a complete loss for words once he did.
"Well, excluding the price of having to advertise the equipment, as well as the commission fee the guild gets from selling the equipment in the first place…"
"What you have right there, in gold coins…"
"…is about 300 platinum coins of pure profit."
Chapter 525: Has Always Been Auctions

"…" For quite some time, Valyr could not wrap his head around the figure Julian had uttered. Though he was used to earning and spending far higher amounts of money in his past life, such an amount of money could only be obtained after he had worked hard on forging for weeks, perhaps even months.
In comparison, he obtained 300 platinum coins by just forging equipment for what was roughly half a day.
Even when he compared it to the time when he owned a smithy in Clossbay City, the total amount of money he earned during his time of owning it only amounted to a third of what he had gotten at most.
"You… you aren't joking, right?" Still feeling a bit of disbelief, Valyr looked at Julian and asked for confirmation, to which the latter responded with a firm nod. nnra.com
"Why would I joke about matters involving money?" said Julian in response. "Your equipment really did sell for that much in total… well, it sold for more than that if you took the guild fees into consideration, but you know what I mean."
"I… see." Taking in a few deep breaths to compose himself, Valyr did a few equations in his head, coming to the conclusion that the ten pieces of equipment he had given to Julian had given him roughly 30 platinum coins of profit each. Considering that the guild would also take a chunk of the profit from it, that meant that the equipment he forged were sold for 40 platinum coins, perhaps even higher.
"How did it even sell for that much?" With the thought in mind, the young man soon asked Julian another question, even though the answer to that question was already something he completely knew.
"As I've mentioned before, thanks to that forging duel between you and my daughter, the name Ylvar has become more prominent, causing a lot of people to flock towards the equipment you've forged once we've announced that it was for sale." Pondering over the question for a bit, it was only after a minute of silence or so did Julian open his mouth.
"However, what truly caught people's attention was the rarity of the equipment, as well as the stats they offered," he continued, indirectly hinting to Valyr that the artifact he had forged was a major reason towards the high prices they sold for.
"Combine it with the fact that there were only nine of them and the thought that Ylvar wouldn't forge another set of equipment after this one, we were able to sell them for prices ranging around 40 to 60 platinum coins each."
"I had a feeling it was like that." Gaining assurance that his initial thoughts were correct, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he finally came to terms with the amount of money he had received. Though it was still a minuscule amount of money in the grand scheme of things, 300 platinum coins was more than enough for him to do all of the things he planned on doing.
'I'll set aside 20 platinum coins for the meantime to repay the debt I still haven't paid to Arcenne and her father,' thought Valyr to himself, recalling the duo that had helped him back when he was staying in Clossbay City. 'I'll probably have to enlist Julian's help in this to make sure the money goes directly to them.'
'After that, I'll set aside another 10 platinum coins to buy the materials needed to return the Nascent Wyvern Armor to pristine condition.' Though Valyr greatly appreciated the fact that Julian had given him free reign over the materials within the guild to repair his armor set, now that he had obtained a windfall of money, he was planning to use his own money to pay for the materials instead, not wanting to abuse the man's goodwill.
'Hmm… aside from buying some passive skill books from the Boundless Skill Pavilion… do I have enough money left to buy that thing?' Mulling over where he would spend the money for a bit more, he eventually recalled one of the main reasons why he had decided to forge equipment for selling in the first place, remembering one of the more important materials needed to upgrade his Nascent Wyvern Armor to the next rarity.
"Say, Julian. Would the money I currently have on hand be enough to obtain a Wyvern Core?"
A Wyvern Core. That was the material Valyr had mentioned to Julian back when he was forging that he was planning on buying.
Being the source of a wyvern's strength, a Wyvern Core only appeared in those that were classified as True Wyverns, a step above the Juvenile Wyverns, which was the source of the parts Valyr used in upgrading his armor set to the current Nascent Wyvern Armor.
However, because Wyvern Cores could only be obtained from True Wyverns by killing them, Wyvern Cores usually fetched high prices, considering that the weakest True Wyvern one could find was already at the peak of Rank 4, commonly even having comprehended an Intent of their own.
"Unfortunately, it's not enough," said Julian in response, causing Valyr's expression to turn glum.
"However, as long as we sell the Epic grade spear you forged, you'll probably have more than enough to get your hands on one." Though, after he heard the man's next words, the frown on Valyr's face turned into that of confusion.
'Wait a minute…' Fortunately, it did not take long for him to dispel the confusion he felt, realizing that Julian had mentioned earlier in the conversation that the 300 platinum coins came from nine out of the ten pieces of equipment he had forged, completely different from his original thought that the coins came from all ten pieces of equipment being sold.
"You're telling me… the Epic grade spear I enhanced hasn't been sold yet?" Finally understanding what was going on, Valyr soon asked a question that prompted Julian to nod in response.
"Though it would have definitely sold for a high price without a problem if I were to sell it like the other pieces of equipment you've forged, since I thought about the Wyvern Core you wanted to buy and also thought that you were in dire need of money, I decided to pull a couple of strings and use some favors I had lying around." Saying these words, Julian flashed a grin at the young man, whose curiosity was only increased by the former's next few words.
"Actually, this is the main reason why I asked you to come to the Blacksmith Guild this early."
"It's because the Epic grade spear you forged…"
"…shall be the main attraction of the impromptu auction that's being held later."
Chapter 526: Perks Of A Leader

"An impromptu auction? Is the next auction still far away from being held?" As the question left Valyr's mouth, the young man knew very well that auctions were generally held at certain intervals, which would allow the auction houses to have enough time to accumulate enough precious items that could be sold for high prices.
With that in mind, the term 'impromptu auction' somewhat confused the young man. After all, if there was only a small bit of time left before the auction, say a month or a couple of weeks before the set time, one could instead ask to bring it forward and include his spear as an item to be sold in the auction.
With the level of authority he held as the leader of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild, Julian could easily do that. inna.o
Yet, from what Julian was implying through his words, it looked like there was more to the matter than it initially seemed.
"Well, about that…" Flashing a bitter smile at Valyr's question, Julian let out a low sigh. "Due to the orc outbreak becoming a more common topic among the people, especially the noble families and clans, the time for the usual auction was brought forward, pretty much leaving all of the auction houses with next to no items to sell."
"But, as I've said earlier, I was able to make an impromptu auction happen by pulling a couple of strings and using a few favors from some people I've met in the past," added Julian, faintly making Valyr wonder as to why the former was going to such great lengths to help him out.
"Fortunately, the auction houses were on board with the idea since they wanted to capitalize on the increased demand for precious items due to the orc outbreak," said the man after that, a slightly proud smile adorning his face soon after.
"Eventually, other special people joined in as well, bringing the quantity and quality of items to be sold in the impromptu auction to a level where it was more or less comparable to a normal one."
"And since you've had me come here to the guild so early… I'm guessing the impromptu auction is going to be held later?" Feeling like the answer to his earlier thoughts were not that deep, Valyr pushed the thought aside for the meantime as he asked Julian a question.
"I wouldn't have sent you a message last night if it wasn't." In response, Julian gave the young man a playful grin.
"How many hours left till the auction starts?" Scratching the back his head for a bit, feeling slight regret at the fact he did not sleep in for a couple more hours, Valyr eventually shrugged his shoulders as he thought to himself that the current situation was not all that bad.
"About six hours or so." Taking a look out his workshop to check on the sun's position, Julian eventually turned to look back at Valyr, who seemed to have an annoyed expression after hearing his response.
Letting out a bit of awkward laughter in response to the expression, he then added, "With that much time left before the auction, I suppose you have more than enough time to restore your armor to its original condition, perhaps even enhance it."
"Speaking of which, do you want me to convert the gold coins in the sack I've given you into platinum cards?" Though an annoyed expression still lingered on the young man's face, Valyr nodded in agreement to Julian's suggestion, thinking that even lugging around 300 platinum coins would be a faint burden.
Similar to the conversion rates of the other types of coins Valyr had come across so far in his journey, a platinum card was equivalent to 100 platinum coins. If one were to convert a single platinum card into the lowest denomination of coins, then one would come face to face with a hundred million copper coins.
With Julian proceeding to convert the gold coins he had given to Valyr into platinum cards, the two of them unsurprisingly spent the six hours before the auction in the Blacksmith Guild. During that time, he had asked for Julian's help in giving some of the platinum coins he had earned to Arcenne and her father while spending another portion of his money on some materials that he bought from the guild at a discounted price, using it to return his armor to the way it was.
Eventually, the entire six hours had passed.
…
"So, what do you think?" Stepping foot into what looked to be a large theater, Valyr and Julian was instantly greeted by the sight of multiple people having already occupied the thousands of seats that were available, prompting the latter to look at the former with a slight grin.
"Since it's impromptu, it's actually quite surprising to see so many people attend," said Valyr in response, being honest in his answer. Naturally, such an answer only made the grin on Julian's face become wider. "Which auction house are we currently in again?"
"The Leio Auction House." Urging Valyr to follow him as the two made their way through the auction house's various corridors, Julian responded to the young man's question. "It's one of the more famous auction houses in the continent, being owned by the Meltierre Empire's Imperial Leio clan."
"In any case, since the spear you forged is included in the list of items to be sold in this auction, we've been given a private room for us to watch the auction in its entirety." After walking for a few minutes through a somewhat narrow corridor, the two eventually arrived in front of a room that appeared minimalistic, yet seemed to be filled to the brim with amenities and creature comforts. "If you didn't know, VIPs of the Leio Auction House would be the only ones usually occupying this."
"Oh, and also, if you want to bid on any items you find interesting during the auction, you're free to do so." Taking a seat on one of the exquisite chairs provided to them, Julian looked at the young man that sat beside him for a bit before turning his attention towards the stage at the very front.
"Since you've obtained the leader position in the upcoming expedition into the Four Pillars' Inheritance, the Blacksmith Guild shall foot the cost of five items you may bid in the auction," said the man soon after, which left Valyr looking at Julian with a surprised expression.
"There are still a couple more things the guild plans on giving you as a reward for upholding the Blacksmith Guild's reputation, but I'll save that for when the auction is over." Hearing these words, Valyr could not help but blink a couple of times, wondering to himself if he was dreaming.
Though, with the hubbub and the clamor enveloping the entire space as it looked like the auction was about to start, a smile eventually emerged on Valyr's face as a thought popped up in his mind not long after.
'Man.'
'Being treated like this sometimes isn't that half-bad.'
Chapter 527: The Auction Begins

"To all of those that have been able to come here, welcome to the Leio Auction House once more." Just as it seemed like the clamor amongst the audience seemed to have no end, a man that looked to be in his early thirties, dressed in a dark gray suit, appeared on the stage, beaming a smile as he looked at the audience.
"I presume that a great portion of you have already seen me during the auction that was held around a month ago," said the man with a chuckle, neatly combing his slightly unkempt blonde hair as he continued. "As for those that have only come to the auction house for the first time, my name is Sirius Leio."
"Though I may come from the Imperial Leio clan, I am the head appraiser of this branch of the Leio Auction House, having worked as one for over a decade already. I hope that alone can assure you that the items that we'll be showing in this auction have the auction house's full seal of approval."
"Before we begin auctioning off the items people have graciously trusted to us, let me remind everyone that bidding on an item is on a first come, first serve basis." As he said these words, Sirius flared a portion of his aura towards the audience, causing everyone to look in his direction as his voice had become the only source of sound within the auction house.
"Let me also remind everyone that any succeeding bid must be higher than the previous bid, or else you'll only make yourself look like a fool." Sirius let out a bit of laughter.
"And lastly, those who have been successful in obtaining items from the auction shall obtain the protection of the Leio Auction House until they reach a place that they deem safe." At these words, the man flared a bit more of his aura, causing some of them to start shivering under the pressure. .
"This is a rule that the auction house has added due to the events that are currently happening," said Sirius. "As one of the most trusted auction houses in the continent, we aim to give those that obtain their items from the auction house through fair means peace of mind."
"And with that out of the way, let us start off this auction with our first item!"
…
As the audience near the stage started to give Sirius a soft round of applause as the first item in the auction was being displayed, Valyr looked at the man to his side for a bit, whose face currently had a soft smile on it.
"Say, Julian," Valyr asked the man. "By pulling favors and using favors, what kind did you use exactly?"
"Well… let's just say that some of the other production guilds owe me one after helping them out back then." In response, Julian looked back at Valyr before giving him a faint grin. "A great number of combat guilds also owe me one, as well as a few people that you'd consider to have high levels of authority in the empire."
"Either way, I was surprised that a lot of them were fine with me using the favor on an impromptu auction," he continued, laughing not long after. "Then again, I'm pretty sure they'll earn a lot of money from this as well."
"I guess you must be quite the outgoing person, then," replied Valyr, wryly smiling as he thought about his own social skills. "For so many to be fine with helping you out, that must be the case."
"Well, I do like forging friendships with other people." Julian nodded in agreement, only to faintly shake his head soon after. "However, that's only part of the equation."
"Without the strength I currently have, the ability I have as a blacksmith, and the authority I have as the Blacksmith Guild's leader, probably 80% of the people I asked for this impromptu auction wouldn't have responded to me."
"In any case, there's not much point dwelling in all of that," said Julian as he let out a chuckle to change the topic. "All I look forward to at the moment is the price your spear fetches in this auction."
"Thank you." After pondering over Julian's words silently for quite some time, Valyr eventually blurted out these words, prompting the former to look at him with confusion for a bit before letting out some laughter.
"There's no need to thank me." Julian waved his hands in nonchalance as he looked back at the stage, though a wide smile adorned his face. "I'm just giving your work the stage it properly deserves."
"…" Looking at Julian for a bit, Valyr briefly scratched his head as he wondered whether or not now was the right time to ask the other question that had popped up in his mind. In the end, he decided to save the thought for later and redirected his attention back to the stage, seeing that the first item had finally been set up properly.
…
"To start off this auction, the first item is considerably on the more common side, yet is still rare to obtain through normal means." Turning around to look behind him, Sirius was greeted by the sight of beautiful women in dresses holding up a couple trays that contained vials of viscous fluid.
"As you can see before you, we have here 50 vials of Greater Health Potions, Greater Mana Potions, and Greater Stamina Potions each," said the man as he moved to the side, allowing the women to walk around the stage to show off the goods to the audience. "Having reached Greater tier, all of these potions have incredibly potent effects, allowing even those at the brink of death to return to their peak condition."
"With that, we'll be starting it off with the Greater Health Potions, selling it in sets of 10." At these words, the women lined themselves up beside Sirius, prompting a slight grin to appear on his face as he continued.
"The initial bidding price is 30 gold coins for a set of 10. Any bid must be higher than the previous bid by at least one gold coin."
"And with all of that said, the bid is now open!"
Chapter 528: The Auction Continues

"35 gold coins!" Hearing that the bidding for the set of Greater Health Potions was open, a young man at the back of the auction house raised their sign up with great fervor.
"40 gold coins!" Unfortunately, the young man's excitement was short-lived as a mature-sounding woman at the front bid higher than him, reminding everyone that the auction would become more ferocious as more time passed.
"50 gold coins." Hearing these words echoing from the middle of the auction house, Sirius could not help himself from having a slight smile appear on his face, noticing that the auction house had gone silent after that.
"Are there no more bids higher than 50 gold coins?" asked the man, attempting to rouse everyone's urge to bid as he asked the women holding the items to roam around the stage once again.
"50 gold coins going once…"
"50 gold coins going twice…"
"I'll bid 55 gold coins!" Surprisingly, the man's tactic had worked, forcing a young man near the front of the auction house to bid at the very last minute, causing the smile on Sirius' face to grow wider as he counted to three once more.
"Alright! The first set of Greater Health Potions has been sold to the fine man that has bid 55 gold coins on it." Asking one of the auction house's workers to move the set of potions that had been sold to the back, Sirius made a mental note of the man that had just bid before proceeding.
"Let us now move onto the next set!"
…
With the first item sold in the auction being multiple sets of Greater tier potions, not a lot of people had bid on it, considering that they were generally ordered in a way where the ones with the greatest purpose were saved for last. Because of that, those that were in dire need of those potions had gotten them at a considerably low price.
Then again, there were those who had malicious intent in their bidding, greatly inflating the price of the potion sets to many times over the original. However, as if the heavens had wanted them to learn their mistakes early on in the auction, no one had outbid on their prices, forcing them to grit their teeth as everyone applauded for them with hints of mockery.
After the sets of potions were a couple pieces of equipment made by competent blacksmiths from the Blacksmith Guild. Since they were being sold in the auction, that meant that they had something special going for them, which was the fact that they could store magic spells, allowing them to be used at some other time.
Unsurprisingly, quite a few younger mages fancied the gimmick of the equipment, which had taken on the form of armor. Because of that, there was a bit more fighting in between the audience regarding these special items, which only made the smile on Julian's face widen as he knew the blacksmith that had specifically forged the items that were sold.
Once the special pieces of equipment were sold, Sirius brought out three vials containing viscous fluid that piqued the interest of a great portion of the audience, warranting their oohs and aahs as he explained what was inside them.
"Right here in front of you are three vials coming from the Lord of Medicine directly, the young Faulus Erlenmeyer, also known as the star prodigy of the Alchemist Guild." At these words, multiple people already had ideas of what the vials contained, prompting some of them to shake their signs in anticipation as they wanted to be the first to bid on them.
Noticing how some of the audience could not hold their desire to bid any longer, Sirius inwardly grinned as he continued his explanation. "Though the efficacy of the potions you see in front of you are nowhere near the Panacea that Faulus is greatly known for, you can think of these potions are a weaker type of Panacea. In fact, if I were you, I would give this to a genius of the younger generation as a gift due to it still having miraculous properties."
"With that, the bidding is now open for these weaker Panaceas. The starting bid is at 3 platinum coins. Any bid after the previous must be higher by at least 1 platinum coin."
"I bid 5 platinum coins!" Unsurprisingly, after everyone had heard that the Panaceas being sold weren't the ones they knew about, a great portion of them lost all interest and decided to save their money for the item that would come after. Then again, that did not stop others from bidding, some of whom seem to know more than what Sirius had explained.
…
"I'd suggest you get one." Just as the first of the three weaker Panaceas had been sold to another person in the audience, Julian looked at Valyr beside him and gave him a suggestion. "Though Sirius explained that it's a weaker Panacea, it's actually a potion that's different to a Panacea in purpose."
"How so?" Though Valyr had faint doubts of the man's words, the young man decided to follow the man's suggestion, considering that the Blacksmith Guild was paying for it anyway.
"The Panacea Faulus is known for concocting has superb medicinal properties," said Julian, to which Valyr nodded as it was something he knew very well. "Even returning someone that's only a few thousandths of an inch away from death wouldn't be impossible when they consume one of them."
"However, the type of Panacea being sold at the moment is only known to those with high authority in the kingdom, which Sirius has aplenty of," he continued. "In any case, the potions being shown at the moment focus on the body strengthening properties of the Panacea rather than its medicinal properties."
"Because of that, those in the know call it by another name, which is Might."
"Now, you might be wondering. Why would the auction house sell such an item like that so early?" Just as Valyr had placed another bid on the potion, Julian had said something that the young man planned to say in response, leaving Valyr with no choice but to nod.
"Well, it's because Sirius wants those that bid on it to think they've struck a gold mine at such a low price." At these words, Julian let out a chuckle. "And in turn, that would cause them to return to the Leio Auction House more often."
"He's also doing it to foster the young generation, but he doesn't want you to know that," added the man as Valyr had successfully obtained the potion, prompting the latter to let out a chuckle as he nodded.
"Say, Julian." Thinking that now was the right time to ask about the thought he came up with earlier, Valyr mustered up the courage as he took advantage of the downtime that appeared during the duration in between bids. ira.om
"What is it?" Unsurprisingly, Julian raised his eyebrow in curiosity, faintly wondering what the young man wanted to ask him. Though, once he heard it, a slight frown unknowingly appeared on his face.
"Now that I think about it…"
"With how everyone is focused on the thing that's going on within the Zeihardt clan…"
"Why is it only considered a royal clan?"
Chapter 529: Finding Out More

As this question lingered in the young man's mind, Valyr recalled what he knew about noble clans and families, as well as the system that was in play regarding their hierarchy.
Similar to the nobility title system he was incredibly familiar with, the young man knew that clans and families could separated into three tiers as well, which were noble, royal, and imperial, respectively.
Just like the nobility title system, noble clans and families were of lesser importance compared to royal clans and families. On the other hand, imperial clans and families reigned at the peak of the hierarchy, obtaining their rank due to their clan having a great amount of power amongst their members or their founder achieving a great amount of merit.
With that, the young man found it odd that the Zeihardt clan, which was only considered a royal clan, according to what Aster and Julian had told him, had obtained the attention of almost every organization as the drama between the two factions attempting to find him continued to this very day. rad.co
'Is it because their might is infinitely close to the imperial clans?' asked Valyr to himself, finding it a highly likely possibility. After all, any organization would pay attention to the happenings occurring within the imperial clan, whether it be a minor or a major matter.
However, what Julian would tell him was definitely beyond his initial expectations.
"Who told you the Zeihardt clan was only a royal clan?" With an eyebrow still raised, Julian looked at Valyr with a slight frown.
"Didn't you mention on the day before that tournament that the Zeihardt clan was a royal clan in status and how everyone was paying attention to it because of their might?" Hearing Julian's question, Valyr answered back with a question, the confusion in his mind slowly building up.
"Wait…" At the young man's words, Julian went silent as it seemed like multiple pieces in his mind had finally connected together. "Do you really think the Zeihardt clan as a whole is only considered a royal clan?"
"Is it not?" At this point, Valyr gave the man an answer with a tone of slight caution, wondering if what he knew from Aster and Julian were even correct.
"It's definitely not just a royal clan if almost everyone is paying full attention to it." Julian shook his head, letting out a faint sigh. "If anything, only the Algerie Kingdom branch of the Zeihardt clan is considered a royal clan."
"Then again, multiple branches of the Zeihardt clan in the other kingdoms have also reached that status."
"…huh?" Unsurprisingly, Valyr went silent after hearing that, giving Julian the freedom to continue with his explanation.
"Well, considering your circumstances, it's not that surprising that you don't know everything there is to know about the clan," said Julian with a slightly bitter smile, briefly looking at Valyr with an expression of pity as he began to lay out the entirety of the Zeihardt clan to the young man.
"Though, before I begin my explanation, who told you that the Zeihardt clan is only considered a royal clan?" asked the man. "Of course, if you don't want to tell me, that's fine. Though, if you found the information on a book, you can tell me the title of the book instead."
"A man from one of the noble clans," replied Valyr, not wanting to be very specific in slight fear of Julian harming them. "He told me back then that the main Zeihardt clan was considered a royal clan."
"I see." Going silent for a bit, Julian eventually nodded in response. "I guess he hails from a clan that's not far away from Algerie… or perhaps a clan that's not far away from any of the other Zeihardt clan branches I've mentioned earlier."
"In any case, the Zeihardt clan's entire might is not just on the level of a royal clan," said the man. "Nor is it on the level of an imperial clan either, even though the Zeihardt clan situated in the human race's only empire is considered one."
"It is on a level far above the imperial clans, being the only clan with that kind of classification in existence." Saying these words, Julian's expression turned solemn as he gave Valyr time to digest what he had said.
"Being linked directly to the Zeihardt Sovereignty, the main Zeihardt clan boasts a level of strength that could only be classified as a primordial clan."
Ding!
[You have gained a piece of information regarding your true identity.]
Hearing the system respond to Julian's words, Valyr's eyes briefly widened in surprise as he opened up the notification screen in his mind. With it, it did not take long for him to put two and two together as he asked the man a question.
"So… do I come from this primordial clan, then?"
"But of course." Julian nodded, looking at Valyr as if it were a matter of fact. "It's exactly because you were born into the primordial clan as a Herald that the entire Zeihardt clan has split into two factions, with each branch falling under one of them."
"Keep in mind that Algerie Kingdom's Zeihardt clan branch is on the side of the rebel faction, which is why the Imperial Production Guild has taken a lot of measures the very moment you arrived at the kingdom to make sure that information of you being here doesn't leak out."
"Is that so…" Feeling like he had gained more answers and questions from such a short discussion, Valyr went silent for a bit as he looked at the stage before them, seeing that Sirius was moving onto the next item of the auction, being a pair of accessories that greatly increased one's passive health regeneration.
Mulling over the information he had obtained from Julian, the young man decided to end the conversation regarding the Zeihardt clan's strength then and there, instead shifting it onto another topic that still had something to do with the clan yet not at the same time.
"Say, Julian."
"What is it?" Looking at Valyr once more, Julian raised his eyebrow in curiosity.
"Do you perhaps know a person or an organization that could help me collect information on the Zeihardt clan?"
Chapter 530: Halberd Of Great Beginnings

"An information broker, huh…" Hearing the question Valyr asked him, Julian pondered over it for a bit as he watched the accessories go towards a person within one of the Leio Auction House's private rooms. By the time the next item had been put up for auction, the man had given the young man his answer.
"Though I know quite a lot of people and organizations that would give you that information without much difficulty, it's not really something I'm willing to share in a place like this, even if it's considered a private room," said Julian to the young man, giving him a slight apologetic smile.
"The information regarding the Zeihardt clan is pretty much public knowledge, with only parts of my explanation being known by only those with higher authority," he continued. "Since Sirius is considered one of those, I don't really have any problem sharing with it since he also knows what I know. Perhaps more than that, even." .
"In any case, is it fine with you if we talk more about this after the auction is over?" Looking at Valyr as he asked the question, the man let out a faint sigh of relief as the young man nodded in response, causing a soft smile to appear on his face as he nodded back.
With that, the two of them focused their attention towards the next few items being sold in the auction, with Julian telling the young man that his spear was going to be put up for auction quite soon.
…
"What we have right here is a skill book that has been appraised by the Leio Auction House numerous times to ensure the fact that it contains a special skill." As the pair of accessories sold earlier were being removed from the stage, Sirius went ahead and introduced the next item that the auction house was selling, having a beautiful woman hold the item as usual as she flaunted it around the stage.
"Though we haven't checked what kind of special skill it contains exactly, the name of the skill that the skill book contains is the [Altair Shadow Dagger Combat Style]. Its rarity is presumed to be Rare grade or Rare+ grade." Continuing to go through more information regarding the skill book they were selling, it was no surprise that the entire audience was enchanted by his words at this point, with some of them already having thoughts of bidding on the item and getting them no matter what.
"As far as the appraisers can deduce, the skill seems to focus on dagger combat specializing in stealth and assassination," said Sirius, causing the interest of some of the audience to increase. "Of course, whether such a skill is good or evil depends on how its eventual owner uses it."
"With that, the bidding for the skill book is now open with an initial bidding price of 50 platinum coins! Any bid that comes after must be higher than the previous by at least 10 platinum coins!"
"One platinum card!" Surprisingly, at the very instant Sirius had allowed the audience to start betting on the item, the first bid had already increased the price by a lot, prompting many of those hopeful in the audience to let out a sigh as they instead focused their attention on what would be its final price.
"A platinum card and fifty platinum coins." Forming a stark contrast to the gravelly voice of the middle-aged man that bid first, an old-sounding man resounded throughout the auction house, making everyone feel a slight hint of fear as the man spoke.
"Two platinum cards!" However, rather than be intimidated by the old man, the middle-aged man bid once more for the skill book, exclaiming a few words after that made the audience realize that the two were actually rivals. "Give up, Charles! You will never get your hands on this skill book!"
"Three platinum cards." With that, it was no surprise that the old man bid back. "Two can play at that game, Rain. As representatives of our respective organizations, I'd suggest we have our bidding do the talking instead."
"…five platinum cards!" Gritting his teeth in anger, Rain took in a few deep breaths before making a counteroffer, only for Charles to give a counteroffer of his own not long after.
In the end, the price of the skill book had ballooned up to 15 platinum cards, which had been won by the old man. Though Rain felt an inordinate amount of rage towards Charles at that point, he restrained himself from doing anything rash at the meantime, considering that the two of them were still within the confines of the auction house.
…
"With that out of the way, we're finally approaching the final half of this auction!" Having the skill book be moved to backstage for the meantime, Sirius' face was all smiles as he introduced the next item, gesturing towards the sides of the stage as he spoke.
"To make things lively for this final half, let us begin with a weapon that I'm sure everyone would like to get their hands on." As he introduced the audience to the next item that was being brought out, a woman in tight-fitting leather armor appeared on stage while carrying a halberd that looked to be simple in design.
"As esteemed guests of the Leio Auction House, I'm sure everyone has caught wind of the name Ylvar becoming more popular in the past few days." As he said these words, a great portion of the audience nodded in agreement, with some of them talking about the feat that had put the name into prominence in the first place.
"The forging duel that had occurred within the Blacksmith Guild showed that one of the blacksmiths of the younger generation actually had the capability to forge an artifact," said the man with a grin. In the meantime, the woman with the spear proceeded to do a few basic combat movements with it, showing her expertise in using the weapon.
"Now, I'm pretty sure everyone might be wondering at this point. Where has Ylvar gone?" Seeing that the audience leaned forward to listen with interest, the grin on Sirius' face became wider. "Well, according to the Blacksmith Guild, he has forged a series of weapons using the artifact, selling almost all of those weapons through the guild's markets… except for one."
"Yes, what you see right here is the only weapon within that series that hasn't been sold, being given to the Leio Auction House specifically to give the masses a chance at obtaining Ylvar's weapons." Unexpectedly, unlike the other items that had been sold earlier, almost everyone was eager to get their hands on the spear, wanting to be the first one to own a weapon that had the name Ylvar attached to it.
"To give all of you more information on the weapon, it is a Level 40 weapon, though it could be enhanced to suit your current level," said the man, enticing the audience with every new statement. "Its rarity is Epic grade, with the weapon containing two innate skills, one of which is a passive skill that increases your Attack stat."
"However, the most striking feature of this weapon is its awakened attributes," continued Sirius, causing the audience to become curious.
"Now, why would its awakened attributes be its most striking feature?"
Fortunately, Sirius was going to tell them either way, wanting to make sure the auction house could obtain the most profit out of it.
"Well, Ylvar here hasn't just awakened one or two of the three possible attributes within the weapon…"
"Instead, he was able to awaken all of them."
"On top of that, it seems like the awakened attributes on the weapon scale from the person's stats."
"…"
"…"
"…"
"With that, the bidding is now open."
"The initial price starts…"
"…at three platinum cards."
Chapter 531: The Bidding Begins

"Huh…" At the very moment his spear was shown on stage, a faint trace of confusion appeared on the young man's face. "That's odd."
"What is?" Hearing Valyr's words, Julian looked back at him with a curious expression.
"The spear is being sold so early," replied Valyr as he looked back at Julian. Looking directly at the man's eyes, he had a strong feeling that the man beside him had a strong idea of what was going on.
"Didn't you mention earlier that the spear I forged would be the main attraction of the auction?"
"But it is?" said Julian, now feeling a bit confused. Fortunately, it did not take long for him to understand what Valyr meant by his words, swiftly clearing up the confusion with his next statement. .
"Ah… you thought your spear would be the final item sold in the auction? Is that correct?"
"Isn't that why it's called a main attraction?" At this point, a slight frown appeared on Valyr's face.
"Well…" Scratching the back of his head for a bit, Julian let out a slightly apologetic chuckle. "In the Leio Auction House's case, the item that they consider the main attraction is the item they use as advertisement for the auction. With how popular your fake name has become these past few days, it's a no-brainer that they would use it to their advantage, especially with how sudden this auction had to be set up."
"That sounds misleading," replied Valyr, the frown on his face gradually disappearing.
"It is." Julian didn't deny it. "However, since it's an item that they used as the main attraction for this auction, I'm sure Sirius will bump up the price of the spear as high as he possibly could."
Coincidentally, at the moment Julian said those words, Sirius began to explain the backstory behind the spear Valyr forged, making sure that everyone knew what kind of item they were going to possibly bid.
Though, with how recent Ylvar's rise to fame was, even though his name was being spread around the kingdom, only a few truly had interest in bidding them, considering it an investment of sorts to the younger generation.
However, as Sirius revealed more and more information about the spear, such as how it was forged using the artifact Valyr had created during the forging duel, or the fact that the spear was of Epic rarity, more and more of the audience had their interests piqued. After all, it was incredibly rare for an Epic grade weapon to be sold to auction, even in a prestigious auction house like the Leio Auction House.
Then again, what truly piqued everyone's interest was the fact that the spear had all three possible attributes awakened, which scaled accordingly to the strength of the user. Naturally, everyone was quite skeptical of the claim, with Sirius allowing everyone to use their respective identification skills on it so everyone could see that his words were true.
As more and more people shared the additional stats they saw on the weapon when they identified it, it went without saying that almost everyone in the audience wanted to obtain the weapon for themselves at the point. In fact, some even wanted to commission Ylvar to forge a weapon for them that had the scaling attributes because of it.
Though, aside from the fact that it had attributes that scaled to the user's strength, the innate skills that came with it were incredibly superb, causing some to wonder where Ylvar had been all this time. Of course, the same went for its build quality, prompting everyone in the auction house to unanimously agree that the spear as a whole was undoubtedly on the level of an heirloom for a large clan.
"Alright. Has everyone gotten a good look at the spear?" Feeling like he had given enough time for the audience to identify the spear, Sirius brought everyone's attention back to the matter at hand. "Since everyone has already seen what the spear is capable of, let us now open the bid for the Halberd of Great Beginnings."
…
"Listen closely, Valyr. I'm certain that you'll be satisfied even with its initial price." Hearing Sirius announce the beginning of the bidding process, Julian nudged Valyr with his shoulder, prompting the latter to pay close attention to Sirius' next words.
"The initial bidding price for this weapon… is three platinum cards." Seeing that everyone was now on the edge of their seats, a faint grin adorned Sirius' face as he signaled the beginning of the bidding process. "Any bid after the previous must be higher by at least 50 platinum coins."
"With that being said, the Leio clan would actually like to start this bid off with five platinum cards." Though, just as Sirius had announced its beginning, he surprisingly placed a bid on the spear, causing everyone to become speechless for a brief moment as he looked towards a certain private room with a smile. "Consider it the Leio clan showing goodwill towards a incredibly prodigious blacksmith."
…
"What…" Hearing Sirius directly bidding on the spear he had forged on behalf of the Leio clan, Valyr was left at an immense loss for words, passively listening to the clamor the audience was making as they continued to bid on the spear. Surprisingly, they were able to increase the bid on the spear to nine platinum cards, which was already triple the amount the young man had made from the nine weapons he sold.
"On behalf of the Spearman Guild, I would like to bid 12 platinum cards." Though, just as he had finally gotten a grip on the situation, a voice familiar to Valyr echoed from one of the auction house's private rooms, causing him to take a few deep breaths to compose himself.
'Elder Noel's here?' As the thought lingered in his mind, he took a look at the audience around the stage, seeing that a great portion of them had been intimidated after hearing Noel's words. Then again, such a feeling only lasted for a brief moment, with the audience bringing up the price to 15 platinum cards.
"On behalf of the Blacksmith Guild, I'll bid 20 platinum cards." However, just as Valyr thought that the price of the spear wouldn't get any higher, Julian's voice echoed throughout the entire auction house all of a sudden. With that, the young man looked at the middle-aged man behind him in shock, wondering what was going on through the latter's mind at the moment.
"Hehe." In response, Julian only looked back at the young man and grinned.
Chapter 532: The Final Price

"…" Taking in a few deep breaths in response to the immense shock Julian's action had given him, it took a while for the young man to fully recover his thoughts, hearing some of the audience continue to increase the price even further.
Though the momentum of bidding on the item had considerably slowed down due to both the Spearman Guild and the Blacksmith Guild bidding on it, the price had still increased, now reaching a total of 22 platinum cards and 50 platinum coins.
"I'll bid 24 platinum cards." Just as Sirius was about to begin counting to three to move onto the next item, Noel's voice resounded throughout the auction house one more time, prompting almost all of the audience to give up bidding on the spear.
"I'll bid 25 platinum cards." However, even though Noel had placed the bid in the hopes of deterring everyone else in the audience from bidding higher than him, there was still one person who had no fear in doing so, even going so far as to taunt the old man into bidding more.
"I'd suggest you give up on this spear, Noel. This one's going to belong to the Blacksmith Guild."
"It would be ironic if the Spearman Guild did not get their hands on a spear," replied Noel with a scoff, only to give a counteroffer soon after. "27 platinum cards. I wonder if you could beat that, Julian."
"28 platinum cards!" Julian responded back with a slight chuckle. At this point, everyone in the audience was silent, wondering who among the two would be the eventual winner of the spear. "Such a price is only a drop in the bucket for the Blacksmith Guild. I wonder if the Spearman Guild has such financial assets on hand."
"Grr…" Letting out a low growl in anger, Noel eventually let out a low sigh as he gave what would be his final counteroffer. "30 platinum cards! If you bid any higher than this, Julian, then I'll give up on the spear altogether." .
Unfortunately for the old man, his counteroffer would also be the final offer on the spear.
"30 platinum cards, huh…" Saying these words, Julian let out a bit of teasing laughter. "Yeah, I guess that's more than enough for a spear of that quality. You win, Noel!"
"Grr… Darn you, Julian!" Of course, it did not take long for Noel to realize what Julian aimed to achieve, his scream reverberating throughout the entire auction house as the building shook for a brief moment.
"30 platinum cards going once… going twice… sold to the representative of the Spearman Guild?" Amidst the conversation between Noel and Julian, seeing that no one was bidding a higher price on the spear, Sirius went ahead and counted the three with a tone of uncertainty. After all, he did not know whether or not he should be counting to three in the first place.
Though with how both Julian and Noel had gone silent after their small argument, the man was left scratching the back of his head, letting out a faint sigh as he tried his best to shift the audience's attention onto the next item.
…
"Why…" With the bidding over his spear now over, Valyr took the downtime in between items as a chance to ask Julian what was going on in his mind as he bid on his weapon. However, with how he was still in great disbelief, only the first word of his question could come out.
"It was supposed to be another reward of yours for obtaining the leader position in the upcoming inheritance." Though the man did not hear the entire question, Julian did not take long to understand what the young man wanted to ask, slightly grinning as he responded. "However, who would've thought that old man would give you the money I was planning to give instead?"
"Was this…" Still trying to process the entire situation that had unfolded earlier in his mind, Valyr tried to ask yet another question to the man, only to find his question stuck in his throat yet again.
"Was the whole bidding against one another thing orchestrated by the two of us? Is that what you were trying to ask?" Understanding how shocked Valyr felt from obtaining a huge amount of money in such a short moment, Julian worked with the young man as he asked multiple possible questions the young man might have with the same first words, nodding after seeing Valyr nod back in response to his guess.
"Not at all." Finally figuring out the question that Valyr wanted to ask him, Julian shook his head in response. "I guess he also had the same idea as me to help you out in preparation for the inheritance. After all, he was the one who gave you your current subclass, no?"
"Yeah…" Though Valyr was surprised to find out that Julian knew about his subclass, it did not take long for him to get over it since he had a feeling the two of them would talk about his progress every once in a while.
Fortunately, it was around this point that he had finally gotten over the shock he felt from the final bidding price, letting out a long sigh as he noticed an archaic-looking book being wheeled into the stage.
"How much would I get from the spear, exactly?" Seeing as Sirius was preparing to introduce the next item, Valyr took the time to ask Julian about his profits from the item, knowing that the auction house would take part of it as a fee.
"Well, the auction house normally takes around 20% of the final price as a commission fee," said Julian in response. "However, due to how high of a price it was able to reach in the end, I'm sure they'll reduce that commission fee of theirs to 10%. In other words, you now have about 30 platinum cards under your name."
"More than enough to buy that Wyvern Core you wanted."
Though Valyr nodded in response to Julian's words as he waited for Sirius to introduce the archaic-looking book, he still could not wrap his head around the fact that he had that much money while still being at the peak of Rank 2.
Though 30 platinum cards did not seem like much, the average amount of money a player would have at the peak of Rank 2 was around 5 to 10 platinum coins. Even if these players had formed an alliance and pooled their money together, the total amount they would have would range from 1 to 5 platinum cards.
Yet, here he was, with an amount of money at least six times as much as that.
'At the very least, I won't have to worry about where to get funds for my future experiments in the meantime.' As this thought lingered in his mind, Sirius had finally begun introducing the item to the audience, with Valyr intently listening to it. Though, as the young man continued to listen more and more to Sirius' introduction, his eyes widened in surprise as a question now began to linger in his mind.
'Now how the heckdid such a legendary item appear in this place?!'
Chapter 533: An Unbelievable Find

"I'm sure everyone here is wondering why the auction house would unveil such a dirty-looking item after we showed a weapon that everyone wanted to get for themselves." As he said these words to keep the audience's attention on him, Sirius had a bitter smile on his face.
"Well, to be frank with everyone in this auction house, the entire appraisal team of the Leio Auction House has no clue as to what item this really is."
Unsurprisingly, after hearing those words come out of Sirius' mouth, multiple people wondered whether this was just another one of those moments where he said he did not know what the item to inflate the price to greater heights. Though, as these people listened further to the man's explanation of what the man was, they eventually thought that the auction house really did have no clue what it was.
"Of course, as one of the most prestigious auction houses in the continent, we were still able to obtain a tiny piece of information regarding the item," said Sirius, trying his best to keep the audience's interests piqued. "As far as our appraisers could decode the writings on the book's cover, it seems to be some sort of technique or skill book as we've deciphered the word 'scripture' on it."
Hearing that, a fair portion of the audience shifted their attention to the archaic-looking book that was on display. At first, they wondered to themselves what kind of writing Sirius was talking about. Though, as they continued to stare at the book for longer, they eventually saw the various scribbles on the book's cover, each character being barely visible to the naked eye.
"As for what kind of technique or skill is contained within the book exactly… we've deduced that it might have a passive skill attached to it that boosts all physical stats." Scratching the back of his head as he felt like he had made a mistake to place the item on the auction's second half, Sirius inwardly let out a sigh, continuing in his attempts to improve the item's image to the audience.
"Unfortunately, the appraisers found out that this boost in stats would only amount to a 2% increase at most." Earlier, when Sirius mentioned that the skill possibly attached to the book would boost all physical stats, a few had gained the courage to bid on it, thinking they might strike it rich.
Though, once they heard that the increase in stats was quite minuscule, all of that swiftly disappeared, prompting everyone to look at each other as they wondered whether this item would be another one of the auction house's rare items that did not get sold to anybody.
"In any case, we've only deciphered a small portion of the book, so there's a chance that you might discover something else about the book." Knowing that it would be incredibly lucky for him to sell this book to a person currently in the auction house, Sirius let out an awkward chuckle as he hyped the item up one last time.
"With that, the bidding for this item is now open. The initial price starts at… uh… let's go with 25 platinum coins."
…
'How the heckdid such a legendary item appear in this place?!' Though he listened to a fair bit of Sirius' explanation regarding the item, Valyr's attention was fully focused on the item, gazing at the archaic-looking book as he wondered whether or not his eyes had failed him.
Fortunately, after listening a bit more to the man's words regarding the item, the young man was eventually certain that he had come across an incredibly powerful item, his body quivering in excitement as he rummaged through his treasure trove of memories in the past life. nnea.cm
'I'm pretty sure a player came across this kind of book as well back then,' thought Valyr to himself, continuing to rummage through his memories to find the specific one he wanted. 'What was the book about again…?'
'Ah, found it.' Eventually, by the time Sirius was talking about the book's effects, the young man had found the memory he was looking for, murmuring the name of the exact book being shown on stage to himself.
"The Outer Realm Scripture…"
Though it seemed like the name of the book was related to religion or the cultivation of a specific type of energy, the Outer Realm Scripture was actually a skill book that contained a passive skill that everyone sought to obtain for themselves.
After all, it was one of the very few skills during the first couple versions of Greater Beyond to boost certain stats by 50%.
However, rather than the entire passive skill being contained in one skill book, the Outer Realm Scripture was actually split into three volumes, each containing a part of the skill that would eventually allow one to obtain that 50% stat boost.
Thankfully, because a player had come across the item in the past, he and many other players were able to find out that the volumes were color-coded depending on which part of the skill they contained. With that, the young man was certain that the item on stage contained the first part of the Outer Realm Scripture.
'I wonder where the other volumes of the Outer Realm Scripture are?' asked Valyr to himself, proceeding to bid on the item as he noticed that everyone was silent. 'I guess it would also be nice to come across the Inner Realm and Transient Vessel Scripture as well.'
Similar to the Outer Realm Scripture, the Inner Realm Scripture and Transient Vessel Scripture were skills that were split into multiple volumes. However, unlike the Outer Realm Scripture, the Inner Realm Scripture focused on magical stats, while the Transient Vessel Scripture contained an active skill that even Valyr was incredibly jealous of.
Cloning.
'If my memory serves me correctly, one player would eventually collect all three and use it to become one of the first titled rankers of Greater Beyond.' Seeing that there were a couple people trying their luck as they made a counteroffer, Valyr flashed a light smile as he gave a counteroffer of his own, certain that only he would be able to use it to its maximum potential.
'Then again, the Thousand Body Emperor doesn't appear until the second version of Greater Beyond arrives… or was it the third?' Continuing to briefly reminisce about the past revolving around the various scriptures, the young man had eventually obtained the Outer Realm Scripture for himself, paying a price that was only 10 platinum coins higher than the starting price.
Chapter 534: Hearts Of Magic And Might

"So, why did you decide to bid on the item all of a sudden?" As Sirius inwardly let out a long sigh of relief as he moved the audience to the next item, Julian looked at the young man beside him, whose faces was currently all smiles. innead.co
"Just a hunch," replied the young man, prompting Julian to raise his eyebrow in curiosity as he wanted to know what Valyr meant by that. Though, as the latter refused to say anything else about the book, he was left with no choice but to bury the curiosity deep within as he shifted his thoughts towards the remaining items of the auction.
"There's only a few items left before the auction is over," said Julian, piquing Valyr's interest as the latter looked back at him with curiosity. "Though all of them are incredibly useful in their right, there's probably one item among them that would be the most useful to you."
"How do you know that?" asked Valyr in response, slightly tilting his head in curiosity as he waited for the man to respond.
"Well, I did organize the entire auction, after all." Responding to Valyr's question, Julian let out a bit of loud laughter, only for a satisfied smile to appear on his face soon after. "With how I had to use a considerable portion of my favors and connections, I pretty much know everything that would be sold in the auction's second half."
"The only exception to that would be the book you won the bid on," added the man. "It's probably something the auction house recently got their hands on and decided to sell as soon as possible after realizing it won't be profitable."
'I'm sure glad they thought of it that way.' Listening to Julian's words, a proud smile briefly appeared on Valyr's face before continuing to listen to the man beside him.
"In any case, the last item Sirius will showcase is something you definitely have to get your hands on," said Julian, leaving Valyr no choice but to nod as he wondered what kind of item it was for the man beside him to be so adamant in him getting it.
Then again, once he found out what kind of item it was, even he was left at a loss for words.
"I'm not certain whether that item is a fruit or a pill exactly, but what I am certain about is the fact that it looks like a golden orb," Julian told Valyr with a solemn expression, indirectly telling the latter to keep what Julian was saying to himself. "However, what's truly amazing about it is its effects."
"What are its effects?"
"A 50 point boost to all stats." Hearing these words, Valyr took in a deep breath of cold air, his eyes wide open as he was not expecting to hear something like that from Julian at all. After all, how much was 50 points in each stat?
To a Rank 5 class holder, a 50 point increase in every stat did not seem like much, but for someone like him, who was at the peak of Rank 2, a 50 point boost was still substantial. Of course, such an increase in stats was even more prominent for those at Rank 1, allowing them to become sovereigns of the class rank even with a Common grade class.
"Do you perhaps know who gave such an item to the auction house?" After getting over the initial shock of what the item was capable of, Valyr went ahead and asked Julian for more information regarding the item, causing a slightly wry smile to appear on the latter's face as he nodded.
"To be honest, I wasn't expecting her to offer such an item up for auction, especially with how our interaction back during the forging duel was not that long," said Julian in response. At those words, the young man went silent, the gears in his mind turning as he eventually deduced which person the man was talking about.
Plus, as if he was waiting for the young man to deduce the identity of the other person he was talking about, Julian looked at him and nodded once more as he opened his mouth. "That person is none other than the Imperial Alchemist of the Meltierre Empire, Mystia Aschel."
'Her, huh…' Though he was quite thankful for the woman for giving him aid in the incident regarding the Basic Reinforcement Elixirs, he didn't really have any other opinion about the woman, aside from the feeling that she was probably keeping an eye on him.
Of course, Valyr wasn't sure if this feeling of his was true or not, relying on his gut instinct for the most part. Then again, with how the two had encountered each other after the forging duel was over, and how the woman had given an item away in an auction that included his item, the young man felt like she had intentionally given up an item for him to use, even though the reason behind it was still something unknown to him.
Deciding not to think about it any further, the young man shifted his attention onto the stage, only to see Sirius standing in the middle of what seemed to be two giant hearts.
"Unlike the item I've showcased before, these next two items will definitely pique your interest." Taking a deep breath, Sirius introduced the items on both of his sides with great fervor, hoping that the audience would be influenced by his energy.
"To your left is a heart that, when consumed, allows one's mana to be compressed." Gesturing towards the large blue heart to his left that was crystal-like in appearance, the man did not hesitate to go all out in sharing information regarding the item, which successfully piqued the interest of quite a few people in the audience. "With compressed mana, the amount of mana you would need to cast a skill reduces, while the effects of that skill increases in duration as well."
"Aside from that, this heart also greatly increases the maximum amount of mana you could store in your body at one time," he added, the amount of which greatly piquing everyone's interest. "From what the appraisers have deduced, your maximum MP would increase by 20% after consuming it."
"On the other hand, the heart to your right greatly increases one's HP stat when consumed." After he was done introducing everyone to the blue heart, he then shifted everyone's attention to the large red-orange heart that still looked to be beating. "Though it does not improve the quality of your vitality in any way, consuming the heart does give you the passive skill [Greater Innate Regeneration], making it a perfect choice for tank and defender-type classes to obtain."
"What are these hearts called?" With his explanation on the items now over, one of the people in the audience decided to ask a question that everyone seemed to want to know, eliciting a chuckle to escape Sirius' mouth as he nodded.
"I'm glad you asked," replied Sirius with a smile. "Well, their original names are incredibly long, so the Leio Auction House instead calls it…"
"The Hearts of Magic and Might."
Chapter 535: A Last Minute Addition

"Then again, their names aren't that long, but you know how the auction house has to keep track of multiple items at once." Saying these words, Sirius let out a soft chuckle. "Anyways, the one that boosts mana is actually called the Core of the Arcane Beast, while the one that boosts health is called the Heart of the Tenacious Titan."
"With that, let us open the bidding for these items, shall we?" With the curiosity of the audience piqued, Sirius shifted their attention towards the item that compressed and boosted one's capability towards mana. "For this blue heart right there, the bidding price starts at 10 platinum cards. Any bid after that must be higher than the previous by at least one platinum card."
"15 platinum cards!" Unsurprisingly, with Sirius giving everyone the go signal to start bidding on the item, a few among the audience instantly placed their bids, all of them emanating an aura that gave off the feeling that they were one with mana.
With that, quite a considerable portion of the audience decided not to bid on it, either due to the fact that they did not have enough liquidated funds to bid on the item, or the fact that they did not want to antagonize these people.
After all, aside from the mana-filled aura they emanated, their aura also reminded everyone that the ones were bidding were at the peak of Rank 4 at the very least, seemingly having grasped a greater understanding of the world on top of that.
"How high do you think these final bids would reach?" Knowing that joining in on the bid would be a losing game for him, Valyr decided to watch the entire situation unfold from the point of a bystander, even though obtaining one of the items would undoubtedly boost his strength indirectly.
"It wouldn't be surprising for the hearts to reach 50 platinum cards at the very least." Seeing that Valyr had no inclination to bid on the items, Julian inwardly let out a faint sigh as he responded to the young man's question. "Look at the ones bidding. The weakest among them is already at the peak of Rank 4. He even comprehended his own Intent."
"Do you think the final price might reach 100 platinum cards?" asked Valyr in response as he nodded at the man's words. Even without utilizing any of his identification skills, Valyr could feel the slightly intimidating aura coming from the bidders, a great portion of which already had the strength of those at Rank 5. nnea.cm
"Possibly." As Julian said these words, one of the bidders had offered to pay 60 platinum cards on the blue heart, surpassing the man's initial prediction. Fortunately, after that bidder had placed his offer, a considerable portion of those initially bidding on the item had stopped, with only the few that still have a lot of funds within them continuing to increase the price even higher.
In the end, a woman at the early stages of Rank 5 was the eventual winner of the blue heart, obtaining it for a total of 99 platinum cards, only being one card shy away from the triple digit number.
"With the blue heart being sold, let us move onto the beating heart that still remains." As everyone gave a small round of applause for the woman that had acquired the item, Sirius prompted everyone to focus their attention on the red-orange heart to his left.
At first, the audience thought that the red-orange heart might possibly obtain a significantly high price like the blue heart from earlier. Perhaps, the final price might even be lower since HP could be increased through multiple methods.
However, before opening the bid, Sirius had dropped a statement on everyone that exploded in their minds like a massive bomb.
"Before I open the bid for this item, I must also mention that the appraisers have figured out that the heart also increases one's lifespan when consumed. If I remember correctly, around 20 years or so?"
With that, it was no surprise that a great number of people placed their offers on the item once the bidding process had begun, with the price swiftly rocketing to a hundred platinum cards within a few minutes. Then, after reaching the triple digits, the momentum gradually decreased, with the item eventually being sold to an old man seemingly on the brink of death for 350 platinum cards.
"Huh. Who knew that the effect of increasing one's lifespan was enough to entice everyone to bid on it." Though the fact that the heart could also increase one's lifespan surprised Valyr, he did not really have a great need for the item aside from its property to increase his HP. After all, even if he were to do nothing for the rest of his life, he could still live comfortably for close to 200 years, much more if he were to ascend to higher ranks.
"Wait… now that I think about it, why are people going crazy for such an item? Doesn't one's lifespan increase whenever one ascends?" As the thought popped up in his mind, Valyr decided to ask Julian for more insight.
"That is indeed the case." Julian nodded. "However, there are times where people lack the strength to keep up with monsters of the same level, basically reducing their rate of gaining XP to next to nothing."
"There are also people who wholeheartedly focus themselves towards production classes, making it difficult for them to fight with monsters due to their stats and skills being more in line for production rather than combat," continued Julian. "Because of that, items that increase one's lifespan are a highly sought after item, even though such a thing should be quite simple to resolve."
"Well, there's also the fact that human greed knows no bounds." At these words, Julian shrugged his shoulders. "Perhaps that person has sufficient strength to ascend through the ranks, yet still wants to live longer. Thus, they would seek out such items."
"I see… that makes sense." Nodding in understanding as he organized his thoughts towards the matter, Valyr eventually returned his attention towards the stage, seeing that two more items had been placed beside Sirius.
Chapter 536: The Blade And The Fruit

"Just so everyone knows, there are only three items left before this auction ends." With everyone's attention focused towards the two items he had the others put on stage, Sirius went ahead and gave everyone a reminder. "The two items beside me are part of those three items, with the last item being something everyone will surely want to get their hands on."
"In any case, let me explain what kind of items these are." Saying these words, Sirius made his way to one of the items, which was an exquisite-looking blade that gave off a feeling of warmth and coldness at the same time.
With its handle and hilt having small details to it that would allow the wielder to grip onto the blade properly, the blade itself was slightly curved, resembling a katana in shape. Taking in a deep breath, Sirius grabbed the katana firmly with both hands before moving towards a part of the stage that was not obstructed by the other item.
Then, with a loud exhale, the man raised the katana above his head before swinging it down with all its might, causing a blade of energy to appear and collide with one of the walls, the energy making it appearing to be a faint red.
Raising the katana above his head once more, Sirius slightly changed his grip on the katana, giving everyone the feeling that he would be piercing with the katana instead of slashing down.
Unsurprisingly, everyone's feeling was correct, with the man dashing forward as the blade was covered in a chilling energy for a brief moment, causing everyone at the front of the auction house to slightly shudder from the sheer coldness they felt.
"The name the maker gave this blade is Heaven and Hell." Finished with his short exhibition of the katana's capabilities, Sirius returned the blade to where it placed before proceeding to go over through its description with the audience. "As the name suggests, the blade taps into the energy of the highest of heavens, as well as the deepest of hells."
"Of course, that was the maker's intention in creating it, having the cold energy represent the concept of heaven, while the hot energy would represent the concept of hell. To those that have an affinity towards the Fire and Frost element, this blade would be a great match with you, though similar affinities to the elements I mentioned would benefit from such a blade as well."
"Being a blade with a rarity of Epic+ grade, it has a total of three innate skills, with the first two being active skills one could use during in combat," said Sirius.
Then, with a slight grin, he continued, "As for the final innate skill, though it is also considered an active skill, it would probably be better to say that it's an ultimate skill rather than an active one."
Of course, as the man uttered these words, quite a few raised their eyebrows in curiosity, wondering what Sirius meant by that. In response, the man in question decided to pick up the blade once more, closing his eyes as a terrifying energy briefly shrouded the blade, dyeing the blade a dark gray for a brief moment.
Whoosh!
"Though I have not released the entirety of the skill in question, that is what the third and final innate skill is capable of." Placing back the blade one last time, Sirius inwardly smiled when he noticed that he had successfully piqued the attention of the audience. "Combining cold and hot energy together to create an energy so destructive… a skill like that could only be considered an ultimate skill, no?"
Seeing around half of the audience nod in response to his question, a smile appeared on the man's face as he decided to save the second item for after he had finished selling off the blade. "Alright, then! With that, let us open the bid for Heaven and Hell."
"The initial bidding price for this is 5 platinum cards. Any bid after must be higher than the previous by at least 50 platinum coins."
"7 platinum cards!" Though quite a decent number of people in the audience had bid on the item, the amount of excitement the people had towards the item could not compare to the excitement everyone felt when Valyr's spear was revealed.
Sure, the blade had an innate skill that could be considered an ultimate skill in its own right, but Valyr's spear had something that possibly no other weapon could imitate, which was the fact that the weapon's awakened attributes grew whenever the wielder's strength also grew.
With that, the bidding for the blade eventually stopped once the price had reached 20 platinum cards, landing in the hands of a man that seemed to be famous for being a sword collector.
"With that out of the way, let us move to the second to last item for this auction." Quite satisfied with the final price the blade had fetched, a smile adorned Sirius' face as he prompted everyone to focus everyone's attention towards the other item the auction house had brought, which appeared to be an unassuming fruit.
"Unlike most of the items we have brought out so far, this item would be better suited for those with production classes and subclasses," said Sirius. "However, it would be a lie for me to say that only those with production classes would benefit from it."
"Now, why would I say that?" At these words, Sirius let out a chuckle.
"Well, this item not only increase one's affinity towards mana, it also increases one's affinity towards the elements, as well as other energies that one might come across in their journey to the peak."
"However, if one were to ask me what truly makes this item special… then it would be the fact that it also affects one's comprehension towards Intents."
Hearing that the item affected Intents, most of the audience instantly perked their ears up to listen to what the item specifically did to it. Unsurprisingly, once they did, all of them instantly had the urge to get their hands on it no matter what.
"How does it affect Intents, you might ask?" .
"Well, for those with Intent Seeds…"
"Consuming this item will allow you to comprehend an Intent in an instant."
Chapter 537: Bidding Frenzy

"Wait… what?" Listening to the words Sirius had said to the audience, a look of surprise appeared on Valyr's face as he did not expect the item to have such an effect. After all, from the perspective of a production class, the fact that the fruit could increase one's affinity with almost everything already seemed too good to be true.
But the fact that it could solidify one's comprehension from an Intent Seed to an Intent in an instant?
Even he was quite tempted to get his hands on it at that point.
"Excuse me… does the fruit also help those without an Intent to comprehend their own Intent?" Fortunately, just as a question related to the fruit's capabilities popped up in his mind, a young woman in the audience decided to ask Sirius the question he wanted to ask the man first.
"As far as the appraisers have checked, it indeed does." In response to the question, Sirius gave a firm nod, increasing the audience's desire to get the fruit for themselves to its utmost limits.
"However, unlike its initial effect, wherein an Intent Seed would be fully comprehended into an Intent after eating the fruit, those without an Intent only have a considerable chance in comprehending their own Intent Seed after eating the fruit," said the man, prompting another person in the audience to ask what the chances of successfully comprehending an Intent Seed were.
"Around 50% or so. It could possibly be higher than that since we haven't really checked that effect that thoroughly. Perhaps, it could even be a guaranteed effect." Unsurprisingly, Sirius responded to the question with a teasing smile, firming up the decisions in people's minds to get the fruit no matter what, with Valyr having made up his mind as well. .
"Well, with that out of the way, the bid is now open for the World Resonance Fruit." Allowing the item on stage to do most of the advertising, Sirius opened up the floor for bidding. "Note that the initial bidding price starts at 50 platinum cards. Any bid after the previous must be higher by at least 5 platinum cards."
"Hiss…" Hearing the price that he would have to fork out for the item, Valyr sucked in a deep breath of cold air. However, such a price did not deter other people in the audience, bidding for the fruit in a mad frenzy.
"60 platinum cards!"
"75 platinum cards here!"
"I bid 85 platinum cards! Those who bid after me can't satisfy their wives in bed!"
"100 platinum cards! I hope the one who bid before me can't satisfy their wife in bed!"
"I guess I'll skip on this one…" Scratching the back of his head as he wondered whether or not to join in on the bidding for the fruit, Valyr eventually made up his mind as he let out a defeated sigh. Though Julian had told him that he was free to bid on five items at most, he had a feeling that there was a limit to the total price…
Until Julian asked him, that is.
"Why aren't you bidding?" Julian looked at Valyr with a hint of confusion, taking note of the young man's desire to obtain the fruit for himself. "You do know you can still bid on three more items, right?"
"I do…" Valyr softly nodded with a bitter smile. "Though, don't you think the final price for this item would reach an incredibly high amount? I'm not the only one who has a great need for it, after all."
"That's already a given after Sirius mentioned it could give one a high chance at comprehending an Intent Seed." Julian nodded, taking in a deep breath once he heard the price reach 300 platinum cards. "Even if the people in the audience don't have a great need for such an item, they can still give it to those that have promising talent in their younger generation."
"After all, for those with talent, there's a great chance that forming the Intent Seed is the only thing stopping them from fully comprehending an Intent."
"In any case…" Witnessing the price for the fruit continuing to drastically increase, Julian rubbed his chin for a bit before giving Valyr a firm go signal. "I'd say bid for the item until the price reaches 700 platinum cards. If it exceeds that, give up."
"Are you sure?" Though Valyr already wanted to go ahead and bid on the item, he still stopped himself since he was spending another person's money. Aside from that, 700 platinum cards was already an amount of money even he could not wrap his head around in his current level of strength, thus he was somewhat afraid of making the wrong move.
"You know what?" Rubbing his chin for a bit more, Julian eventually looked at Valyr with a smile. "Make it 800 platinum cards."
"Go wild."
"…I bid 350 platinum cards!" With the man reassuring him that it was fine to bid such a high amount, by the time the price for the fruit had reached 300 platinum cards, it was only then did Valyr place an offer for the fruit, leaving quite a few in the audience at a slight loss for words.
However…
"Darn whoever increased the price that much! 400 platinum cards!" Rather than discourage others who wanted to obtain the fruit themselves, it instead stimulated them to bid more for the fruit than they initially intended, surpassing 600 platinum cards within a few more minutes.
Unfortunately, after a couple more minutes, the price for the World Resonance Fruit had gone beyond 800 platinum cards, leaving Valyr with the bitter taste of defeat as he looked at Julian with a low sigh.
"Well, I guess this outcome isn't that surprising." Seeing the glum expression on the man's face, Julian let out a bit of laughter as he cheered the young man up. "Even I would be willing to bid over 800 platinum cards on such a fruit like that. Fortunately for the others, I've already comprehended my own Intent."
"Then again, having a fruit like that in hand would only expedite the process of you comprehending an Intent at most," the man continued, showing his great belief in the young man's strength through his words. "With how monstrously strong you are for your class rank, I'm certain that you'd comprehend your Intent at Rank 3 in no time."
"And… if it's any consolation, that just means you can bid higher on the final item," added Julian with a grin, prompting Valyr to take in a few deep breaths as the bidding for the fruit eventually closed, ending up with a final price of 1,085 platinum cards.
…
"To those who have been waiting for the final item of this auction to reveal itself, I must say that your determination to not spend on any item before it is quite astounding." Watching as the final item of the auction was being wheeled onto stage with a curtain draped over it, a proud smile appeared on Sirius' face as he bantered with the audience.
"As for those who have spent a bit of money on a couple things here and there, but leaving most of it for this final item, let me assure you that this item will definitely make such a decision more than worth it." Continuing to talk for a bit more about how not spending on any item in the auction beforehand was a smart choice, the man eventually gave the audience more information about the item, parts of which gave a few quite the surprise.
"Before I introduce the item to all of you, I must mention that this item has come from the Imperial Alchemist of the Meltierre Empire personally," said Sirius, swiftly garnering everyone's interest as to what kind of item it was. "Though she did not specify as to why she had sent over an item for this auction at the very last minute, she did mention that the item would definitely be a great boon for those who gets their hands on it, especially for those at the lower class ranks."
"Anyways, without a further ado…"
Whoosh!
Feeling that he had given enough background information on the item, Sirius went ahead and removed the curtain covering the item, allowing the item's aura to spread throughout the auction house in an instant.
"Woah…" Unexpectedly, almost everyone in the audience felt a great sense of intimidation from the aura radiated by the item, as if it were telling them that it could only be consumed by one person. Though, as more time passed, this aura gradually disappeared, being replaced with an aura that seemed to be one with its surroundings.
"According to the Imperial Alchemist herself, this item is known as the Nascent Rebirth Pill," said Sirius as everyone in the audience listened to his words. "As for what it is capable of, it compresses one's mana and enhances one's vitality to an astounding degree…"
"As well as increases one's stats by 50 points each."
…
…
…
"Let us open the bidding for this item, shall we?"
Chapter 538: The Final Item

"Woah…" As Sirius unveiled the item to the audience, Valyr had focused his attention on the item, only to feel an incredibly intimidating aura emanating from the item itself. .
Fortunately, with how often he had come into contact with auras from those with higher class ranks than him, it did not take long for him to get over the oppressive aura the item radiated as he looked at the item in greater detail.
"Huh." Once he was able to properly lay his eyes upon the item the auction house had brought out, Valyr's curiosity was slightly piqued as to how the item had achieved its properties. In his mind, such an item capable of increasing all stats by 50 points each would have an appearance that matched that kind of feeling.
However, the item that was placed on the pedestal beside Sirius… was a plain golden orb.
Being roughly around the size of a golf ball, the golden orb radiated an immensely oppressive aura on the entire audience for a brief moment, disappearing around a minute later as it was replaced with an aura that seemed more fitting for an item with its capabilities.
From what Valyr could sense, the golden orb gave off the feeling that it was one with its surroundings, making him feel as if the entire world was within his grasp the longer he looked at it.
"According to the Imperial Alchemist herself, this item you see right here is the Nascent Rebirth Pill." Eventually, the young man had to force himself to snap out of it as Sirius began to explain the item to the audience in greater detail, allowing Valyr to find out the name of the golden orb.
Of course, since Julian had mentioned it earlier, Valyr was not surprised to hear that the pill could increase one's stats by 50 points each. However, he did not expect the pill to be able to compress mana and enhance one's vitality as well, something he had only seen in the two hearts showcased earlier.
After Sirius was done talking about the properties of the Nascent Rebirth Pill, it was no surprise that the entire audience wanted to get their hands on it, similar to how everyone was in a frenzy to bid for the World Resonance Fruit that came before it.
However, their reasons for obtaining the Nascent Rebirth Pill was different from the World Resonance Fruit. To most of the audience, an increase of 50 points in every stat was a negligible increase at most, especially to those at the peak of Rank 5. Even the addition of compressed mana and enhanced vitality was not enough to attract their attention to bid on it.
Instead, the reason why people wanted to obtain the Nascent Rebirth Pill for themselves…
…was to use it as a bargaining chip.
With the Nascent Rebirth Pill in hand, the people in the audience could recruit potential talents among the younger generation with great ease, giving an item to them as a gift. Aside from that, they could also flaunt the fact that the pill was made by the Imperial Alchemist of the Meltierre Empire, an existence none in the greater audience could easily get close to.
"What's the limit this time around?" Seeing as everyone was waiting for Sirius to announce the opening of the bid, Valyr looked at Julian and asked the important question.
"1,500 platinum cards." Staring at the item on stage with a solemn expression, Julian eventually gave the young man a number that was double the limit he had given Valyr for the previous item. "As long as you obtain the Nascent Rebirth Pill at or less than 1,500 platinum cards, the Blacksmith Guild will have no problem paying for it."
"Nothing a few masterwork weapons personally crafted by me can't solve." At these words, the man gave Valyr an assuring grin, though deep inside he felt a tinge of pain at the value he had blurted out.
Nevertheless, with the monstrous talent Valyr had shown so far, Julian was certain that if the young man could get his hands on the final item, he was certain that the money he had spent on this auction today would definitely come back to him in the future a hundred times over.
'Let's just hope it doesn't exceed that price.' Letting out a low sigh, Julian crossed his fingers as he assured Valyr of his limit in bidding.
Eventually, after waiting for a bit more, the bidding for the Nascent Rebirth Pill was opened.
"The initial bidding price for the pill is 100 platinum cards," said Sirius with a confident smile. "Any bid that comes after the previous must be higher by at least 10 platinum cards."
"I bid 500 platinum cards!" To no one's surprise, the price of the pill had skyrocketed in one fell swoop, causing those who were hoping to get lucky to shake their heads and sigh. As for those who still had the funds to bid on the item, they continued to increase the price even further, with Valyr eventually joining in on the action.
"850 platinum cards!" shouted the young man, hoping in his mind that the final price wouldn't exceed the limit given him to by Julian. However, as the pill had other uses than being consumed as an item, it did not take long for bids higher than 850 platinum cards to appear, with the price of the pill approaching 1,000 platinum cards by the time five minutes or so had passed.
"1,100 platinum cards!" Deciding to employ a bidding technique he had used in the previous item, Valyr swiftly tacked on a hundred platinum cards to the pill's final price, hoping to discourage others from bidding on what he wanted once more.
Unfortunately, just like with the item before, it only ignited the people's desire to get their hands on the item for themselves, slowly inching it closer and closer towards the limit Valyr had been given.
"I bid 1,500 platinum cards!" With only one more chance to bid on the item below the limit he had been given, Valyr decided to drastically increase the price once again, tacking on an additional 200 platinum cards on what was originally a bid of 1,300 platinum cards.
For a moment, silence enveloped the entirety of the auction house, giving the young man faint hope that he might obtain his hands on the item. After all, 50 points on each stat was no small increase to him.
However, when he heard a voice from the audience echo throughout the auction house not long after, that was when he knew…
He had lost.
"I bid…"
"1,510 platinum cards."
Chapter 539: After The Auction

"…" As silence surrounded the entire auction house once more after someone had made a counteroffer to Valyr's offer, everyone in the audience was a slight loss for words at how much the price for the Nascent Rebirth Pill had increased. reewenoe.
Though everyone there knew that paying such a price was more than worth it to obtain an item created by the Imperial Alchemist herself, 1,510 platinum cards was still an insanely high value. It was to the point that even class guilds would have difficulty pooling such an amount, especially if the class guild was not focused on production.
Nevertheless, after a bit more silence, Sirius eventually started the count, officiating the final bid. With that, everyone decided to give a small round of applause to the one who had gotten their hands on the Nascent Rebirth Pill.
"I got it…? I got it!" Unsurprisingly, the one who had gotten the last laugh on the Nascent Rebirth Pill jumped for joy once Sirius had confirmed that they had indeed gotten it. Because of that, everyone in the audience had focused their attention towards the person who was celebrating their success, their eyes widening in slight surprise as they did not know who the person was.
However, with a bit of searching through their respective networks, almost everyone in the audience had come to know the winner's identity, being the leader of a noble clan that's incredibly close to returning to a normal clan.
The reason why that was the case was because he was the only person within the noble clan with a true rank of nobility, unlike other clans who had multiple members that had ranks of nobility.
With that in mind, even though the auction house had reminded everyone that they would be protecting those that had obtained items from the auction, that still did not stop a small few among the audience to have malicious thoughts, deciding to keep an eye on the winner of the Nascent Rebirth Pill as Sirius officially thanked everyone, closing the auction.
"Well, I guess that's that." As everyone gave a round of applause in response to Sirius' gesture of showing gratitude, Julian looked at Valyr with a bitter smile, letting out a faint sigh as he thought about how close the young man was at obtaining the Nascent Rebirth Pill. "That just goes to show that some people are far richer than what they seem."
"I wonder if he's going to be safe, though," said Valyr in response, taking a brief glance at the man who had outbid him. Though he initially had no idea on who the man was, Julian was more than eager to share the information he had gotten through his network with him, allowing him to become privy towards the man's situation.
"It would be a miracle for him to return to their clan estate unscathed," replied Julian after pondering over the question for a bit, slowly shaking his head in pity as he let out a sigh.
"In any case, your haul in this auction isn't half bad," said the man not long after. "A vial of Might and an old book that you decided to buy on a whim. If you got your hands on the World Resonance Fruit or the Nascent Rebirth Pill, it would've probably been better, but that's just life, I guess."
"Either way, let's wait for your items to arrive and for the others in the auction house to leave before we head back." As Julian said these words, Valyr nodded in agreement, thinking that the man had taken his true identity into consideration.
With that, the two of them decided to chat about a couple of things regarding the Blacksmith Guild for a bit, only for someone to knock on their door a couple of minutes into their conversation.
"That was fast," said Julian with a tone of slight surprise. Getting up from his chair, the man opened the door, revealing one of the many attendants assisting the audience in the auction house earlier.
"Sir Julian Pyrrhia and Sir Ylvar, correct?" Seeing that the door before him had been opened, the attendant gave the two a respectful bow before asking them a question.
"Yes? What do you need?" Nodding in response, Julian answered back with his own question.
"Ah, yes. I was instructed by Sir Sirius to have you two follow me," the attendant replied, prompting Julian and Valyr to look at one another with slight confusion. In their minds, they wondered what made the man seek out for them.
Fortunately, as if he knew the reason for their confusion, the attendant continued to speak.
"He mentioned that he has something to give to the prodigious blacksmith, as well as talk a bit about something with the Blacksmith Guild's leader."
"Is that so?" Seeing as the reason seemed to be giving Valyr more gifts in preparation for the inheritance, Julian scratched his head before eventually nodding as he looked at the young man behind him, who nodded as well.
"Lead the way, then."
…
"Julian! It's been a while!" As the two followed the attendant from behind, Julian and Valyr eventually arrived at what seemed to be Sirius' private office, meeting the man in question while he was looking out the window.
"I definitely wasn't expecting you to send an attendant to us, Sirius." With Sirius approaching him with an embrace, Julian decided to reciprocate it back while asking the question he had in mind.
"Well, I have my own reasons for contacting you, Julian," said Sirius in response with a chuckle, releasing himself from the embrace. "After all, we agreed that you would get a small cut from organizing this auction in the first place, right?"
"Ah… I think I did mention that yesterday." Mulling over his words for a bit, Julian eventually nodded, recalling the statement the man had brought up. "Then again, we could've just done that tomorrow, no?"
"True. True." Sirius nodded, letting out a bit of laughter once more as he shifted his gaze towards Valyr. "However, I always aim to make my actions as efficient as possible."
"You're Ylvar, yes?" asked the man, leaving Valyr with no choice but to nod.
"I've heard quite a lot of things about you from many people these past few days," said the man with a soft smile as he made his way towards one of the large drawers in his office, rummaging something out. "They say you're the greatest prodigy the Blacksmith Guild has seen in these past couple of decades. The fact that you forged an artifact only solidifies that belief."
"In any case, the reason why I had the two of you come here was because of you, Ylvar." Finding the item he wanted to get, Sirius walked in front of Valyr, looking at the latter with the same soft smile. "Or more specifically, what someone had tasked me to do involving you."
"Here you go, Ylvar."
…
…
…
"Mystia told me to give you this."
Chapter 540: Talking With Mystia

"Eh?" While Valyr listened to the words Sirius had spoken to him, a dumbfounded expression appeared on his face once he heard the latter mention the name Mystia. Though he had a hunch earlier that the final item of the auction had something to do with him in some way, he did not expect the idea to actually have a bit of truth to it.
With his mind still surprised by the idea being partly true, the young man decided to ask the man in front of him for more information.
"Did she tell you as to why you're giving it to me?" Valyr looked at Sirius with a slightly hopeful expression, inwardly wishing that the man would give him greater insight into the situation.
Fortunately, what he got instead was far better than that.
"She did not," replied Sirius with a shake of his head. Though, not long after, a faint grin adorned his face.
"However, the messenger she tasked to bring the items to me told me that she expected you to have a question like that. Thus, among the items that had been given to me, one of them could be used to ask the Imperial Alchemist herself directly."
"I see." At those words, it was only then did Valyr look at the items Sirius had grabbed from the drawer earlier, which totaled a number of three.
The first item on the man's hands looked to be a vial filled with viscous purple liquid, which gave the young man a slightly uncomfortable feeling. On the other hand, the second item looked like a crystal that seemed to be filled to the limit with pure mana. Focusing more of his attention to it, he eventually sensed that a small part of the mana was being released in a certain direction.
'I guess this is the item she gave me to contact her,' thought Valyr to himself, moving onto the third and final item Mystia wished to give him. Though, unlike the first two items, which were somewhat unfamiliar to him, the third item was something he had already seen earlier.
"A Nascent Rebirth Pill?" muttered the young man in slight surprise, sensing that the feeling it gave off was considerably stronger than the one being emanated from the pill from earlier. Scratching the back of his head as he now felt even more confusion towards the current situation, Valyr turned to look at Julian, thinking that the man might have something to do with this.
Yet, just like him, a surprised expression was plastered on the man's face as he stared at the Nascent Rebirth Pill Sirius was holding. With the man looking at him with widened eyes, it was more than apparent to Valyr that Julian had nothing to do with the matter at hand.
"I… I don't really know what to say." With the solution to figure out what was going on already more than obvious at this point, Valyr received all three items from Sirius with an awkward smile. "Thank you… I guess?"
"I am merely a messenger for Miss Mystia." Hearing Valyr's words of gratitude, Sirius let out a brief chuckle. "If anything, you should thank her directly through one of the items I've given you."
"I'll definitely make sure to do so." Valyr nodded in response, wondering if he should leave Julian with Sirius to check on the items.
"Ah. I'll have an attendant lead you to an empty private room, if you want." Fortunately, Sirius had saved him the trouble of having to make a decision, giving the young man a suggestion. "From the looks of it, you're quite eager to take a look at the items in greater detail."
"I would prefer that, thank you." Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief, Valyr allowed Sirius to call one of his attendants to have him be led to a private room, eventually leaving Julian alone with Sirius.
"So, is there any other reason as to why you had me come here, Sirius?" Hearing a notification sound resound in his mind, it did not take long for Julian to know where the notification had come from, throwing a question at Sirius with a solemn expression.
"The fact that I wanted to give you the cut you'd get from this auction is true." Having done the task given to him, Sirius' body language greatly relaxed, making his way behind his desk to take a seat.
"Then again, you're not wrong in the sense that I have something else to talk with you about." Taking a brief look at some of the documents on his desk, Sirius looked back at Julian with a faint knowing smile. "It partly involves the future of humanity, after all."
"Are you serious?" At those words, Julian frowned.
"Yes, I am." In response, Sirius remained smiling.
Faintly scratching the back of his head, Julian took in a deep breath as to what kind of topic Sirius would talk about. Pondering over it for a bit, the most likely topics that came to his mind were the orc outbreak and the issue regarding entirety of the Zeihardt clan searching for Valyr's whereabouts.
However, the topic Sirius brought up instead was neither of those.
"How long have you known Ylvar?" Sirius asked, briefly leaving Julian at a slight loss for words as he did not expect to answer such a question.
"It's been a couple of years already, I think." Then again, it did not take long for him to regain his composure, somewhat gaining an idea as to what the man before him was going to discuss. If his hunch was correct, then…
"Is that so, Julian Pyrrhia?" In response to Julian's answer, Sirius merely raised an eyebrow. "Have you really known Ylvar for a couple of years already?"
"Just cut to the chase already." At those words, Julian let out a low sigh. "We don't have all day."
"So, you do have an idea, huh." Sirius nodded, making Julian feel somewhat curious.
"About what?"
"That Ylvar might not be the person you think of him to be."
…
"Thank you." After being led to one of the most secluded rooms Valyr had seen in his current life thus far, the young man thanked the attendant that had led to this place before waiting for a couple of minutes to make sure that the attendant had truly left.
Once he checked one more time that his current surroundings was clear of people, he then cast a barrier of mana around himself. After that, he infused the barrier with Shadow Energy to truly make sure that any words he said would not be picked up by anything that could possibly be in the room.
Feeling that he had now made all of the necessary preparations to proceed, the young man then took a seat on the floor before grabbing the crystal filled to the brim with mana. Gazing at it for a bit while briefly scratching his head, the idea on how to use the crystal eventually popped into the young man's mind, prompting him to infuse it with a bit of his own mana.
Swoosh!
In less than an instant, a ray of energy shot out of the crystal, piercing through the barrier he had made without any difficulty. After a while, the feeling he had sensed from the crystal earlier gradually grew stronger, eventually reaching a point where this feeling solidified, causing the crystal to let out a brief burst of light.
After that…
"Hello?" Letting go of the crystal due to the burst of light, Valyr gazed at the crystal that remained floating in midair, only to snap back to reality once he heard a familiar voice coming from the crystal.
"Hello?" asked Valyr back. "Is this Miss Mystia Aschel?"
"That would be me, indeed," said the voice in response, letting out a faint chuckle. "I suppose I should be talking to Ylvar at the moment, no?"
"Or… would you prefer me to call you Valyr instead?"
"Any is fine," replied Valyr, briefly shrugging his shoulders in the process.
"So, why have you contacted me, Valyr?" asked Mystia, her tone somewhat melodious. "Is it because you have a few questions you want to ask me? Or is it because you want to thank me and ask me what the items I gave you were?"
"I definitely want to ask you the second question at some point, but…" Conflicted at which question among the two he should choose first, Valyr eventually decided to go with the one he initially wanted to ask her.
"Why have you given me these items, Miss Mystia?" At these words, Valyr let out a soft sigh, thinking about how the entire situation did not make a lot of sense. "I don't really know you that well. Plus, the one time we've only met was after the forging duel in the Blacksmith Guild."
"The only notable conversation we had between each other was back in Astarto Village when you helped Vera while she was concocting the Basic Reinforcement Elixir," he continued. .
"With that in mind, why have you gone out of your way to give me these items, even though I don't have any sort of connection with you? Is it because I'm a Herald of the Zeihardt clan?"
"While the fact about you being a Herald is part of the reason behind it, it is only a small portion." Pondering over the question for a bit, Mystia's voice soon resounded from the crystal after some time. "You know me as Vera's mentor, as well as the Imperial Alchemist of the Meltierre Empire, considering the Blacksmith Guild's leader had mentioned it in front of you during the forging duel."
"However, aside from being the empire's Imperial Alchemist, I'm also one of the empire's imperial advisers, having a subclass that allows me to peer into the future through divination."
"With that, as an imperial adviser, I would just like to say, Valyr…"
"That the future of humanity… no."
"The future of Veldanyr itself will depend on the actions you make in the future."
Chapter 541: Showing Proof

"…" Out of all the things Valyr was expecting Mystia to say as a reason for her interest towards him, his actions greatly affecting the future of the world was definitely not something he had taken into consideration.
In his mind, he thought that the woman had taken an interest in him due to him being related to the Zeihardt clan, specifically the one everyone in the clan wanted to find. If it wasn't that, then it might be because he had interacted with her apprentice in the past and was curious as to what kind of background he had to be knowledgeable about Reinforcement Elixirs. inna.o
Nope. None of the possibilities he had come up with were the reason.
Though, pondering over it for a bit more, the possible reason about him being part of the Zeihardt clan was somewhat related to the response Mystia had given him. After all, as a Herald, he could command a level of strength that surpassed normal people.
Add on the fact that his main class was Mythic grade, then it would be no surprise for someone like Mystia to come to that kind of conclusion.
However, being told that his actions would have a great effect on the world in the future was still too sudden for him. If anything, the young man had an inclination to doubt the woman's words, due to how sudden it was.
"How could you be so sure that I have the capability to change the future, Miss Mystia?" Still skeptical, Valyr decided to ask her a question, hoping that the latter could shed some more light on her words.
"Well…" At those words, Mystia went silent for a bit, staring at the orb she was using to communicate with Valyr. After a while, a bitter smile crept up on her lips, realizing that the young man had every right to doubt her words.
"How do I go about proving this…?" Scratching the back of his head as he wracked her brain for an answer, a thought eventually popped into the woman's mind, smiling as she regained her confidence.
"I mentioned earlier that I'm one of the empire's imperial advisors, right?" Clearing her throat to catch his attention, Mystia asked Valyr a question.
"Yes?" Though he nodded in response, the young man was confused as to where she was going with her words.
"And I mentioned earlier that I have a subclass that allows me to see the future, right?"
"Yes, what about it?"
"How about I predict something that's going to happen in the near future in order for you to at least listen to my words for a bit?" Hearing these words come from the crystal, a doubtful expression appeared on the young man's face, thinking about the possibility of ending the conversation then and there.
"Alright." However, in the end, he decided to see what Mystia could do and what she wanted to tell him, considering that she had given him items that all looked to be quite useful to him.
"Thank goodness." Letting out an audible sigh of relief, Mystia's faint chuckle could be heard from the crystal, the sound of energy clashing with one another resounding from the crystal not long after.
Then, after a period of silence, Mystia's voice resounded from the crystal once more.
"Within the next minute, a friend of yours would send you a message, thanking you for something."
Nodding in response to those words, Valyr pondered in silence as to who among the people in his friend list would send such a message.
Ding!
Hearing the notification sound resound in his mind, the young man swiftly brought up his notification screen, his eyes widening once he had confirmed that it had come from the chat function.
Then, opening up the chat function, his eyes widened even further once he found out that the person who had sent a message was Arcenne, thanking him for paying the debt he owed her back in Clossbay City.
"Huh." Closing the chat function, Valyr felt dumbfounded for quite a while, wondering whether Mystia had just made a wild guess, or whether she had indeed predicted the message to be sent. Though, after thinking about it for a bit, he eventually believed that she had predicted it, considering the fact that he and Julian had only talked about him paying off his debt to her before the auction…
As well as the fact that she was still in the Meltierre Empire, recalling part of her conversation with Julian after the forging duel.
"Alright." Letting out a long sigh as he processed this newfound knowledge, Valyr eventually continued his conversation with Mystia. "Let's say you do have the power to see into the future, Miss Mystia. Once again, how can you be so sure that my actions would change the future of the world? Isn't the future determined by the actions of multiple people? Not just mine?"
"You are correct in that assumption," said Mystia in response. "A great portion of the future is incredibly hazy because of that, turning my subclass into something that's next to useless."
"However, there are times when looking into the future shows me a clear path."
"Yours is one of them, Valyr. Whatever you do in the near future, all of it will still lead you to changing the future of the world." At those words, the young man slightly frowned.
Though he had already accepted the fact that he would be changing a ton of things about the storyline he knew very well from his past life, especially with two world-changing quests under his belt, it still felt weird for him to hear from someone else that what he was doing was truly changing the future.
After all, with everything said and done, he was still inside a game.
Doesn't something like that already transcend the boundaries of one?
"Will my actions change the future for the better, or for worse?" Nevertheless, he decided to ignore these small details for now, asking Mystia a question that seemed to be related to the quests he had.
"That… I unfortunately do not know." Unfortunately, Mystia could not give him a definite answer. "All I know is that the scope of your actions will change the future of the world no matter what."
"What makes you say that, though?" Letting out a sigh after hearing her response, Valyr decided to move onto another topic. "Sure, I may be a Herald, so I'll eventually become stronger than most people. However, I'm still at the peak of Rank 2."
"All I'll say is that your strength will far exceed your initial expectations, Valyr," said Mystia in response. "Even the identity of a Herald will be nothing in front of your strength in the end."
"After all, you're not really a Herald."
"You're a Harbinger, Valyr."
Chapter 542: Harbinger

Ding!
[You have gained a piece of information regarding your true identity.]
"I'm a what now?" As a notification sound resounded in his mind once more, Valyr's expression turned serious once he was finished reading through it. After all, obtaining a notification from the system meant that there was truth to the words Mystia had spoken.
"You're a Harbinger." Mystia decided to repeat her earlier words. "You're a Herald of the Zeihardt clan, but you're also a Harbinger."
"And what's the difference between the two?" asked Valyr in response, feeling like obtaining information would give him more insight into his true identity.
"A lot," replied Mystia. "To be honest, if it were not for the fact that I usually read through the history of multiple clans as an imperial adviser, I probably wouldn't have even known of the existence of Harbingers."
"I probably wouldn't have even sent items like these to you, either."
"Well, moving that aside for now, what do you know about Heralds?" Hearing these words echo from the hovering crystal before him, the young man pondered over his response, recalling the information he had obtained from his visit to the Myriad Archive back then.
"Heralds are those that have inherited a greater amount of the bloodline of the Zeihardt clan's ancestor, allowing them to tap into his abnormal power from the past," said Valyr once he was finished thinking about his words. "Because of that, they boast a greater amount of strength, allowing the Zeihardt clan to be known as the clan that many people fear today." .
"A very textbook answer," Mystia could not help but say. "However, you're not wrong."
"What you've mentioned are indeed what Heralds are," she continued. "Because of their abnormally high levels of strength, it is said that the birth of a Herald would cause a shift in the era of humanity, with the previous five Heralds having already done so to various degrees."
"Though your strength hasn't matured yet, you have already caused a great shift in the era of humanity from your existence alone, considering how the Zeihardt clan had been split into two factions because of you. That makes you befitting of the title of Herald."
"However, because you have already caused great changes to humanity even with your strength still not having reached its peak, it could be said that your strength in the future could possibly affect the future of the world itself, thus making you a Harbinger."
"…what kind of logic is that?" Though the woman's words made sense to him, from another perspective, Valyr could not help but feel Mystia was messing with him.
Sure, he had already affected the Zeihardt clan because he was born, and he was bound to change a great portion of Veldanyr with his plans to make sure his side wouldn't lose the final battle.
But why did he feel like the woman was only operating on a hunch?
"Could you give me more proof as to why I'm a Harbinger?" Letting out a low sigh as his level of belief towards the woman's words gradually returned to how it was before, Valyr eventually decided to give Mystia one more chance to explain herself and her thought process, considering that her earlier words did cause a reaction from the system.
"Well, I have quite a few." Mulling over the words she had spoken to the young man earlier, Mystia eventually agreed with the young man's response, feeling that her explanation of him being a Harbinger did seem quite nonsensical. After all, even though she had predicted Valyr's future, she wasn't entirely sure if Valyr's level of strength at that time would rise to the level where it could affect the entire world.
With that, she approached her new explanation from a perspective that she was incredibly well-versed in.
"I mentioned earlier that I read through the history of multiple clans, right?" Saying these words, Mystia waited for the young man to respond back. Fortunately, it did not take long for Valyr to say yes, allowing her to continue with her explanation.
"Well, as an imperial adviser, it's pretty much recommended for us to read through the history of the clans that existed throughout the years, using them as a basis to make decisions for the future," said the woman, her voice echoing from the crystal. "After all, those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it."
"In any case, out of all of the clan histories I've read through, the Zeihardt clan is among the ones I am most well-read in." At these words, she began to speak with more confidence. "My knowledge of the Zeihardt clan's history even goes far back to the Age of Uprising, when the Zeihardt clan was first established."
"While reading through its history, I've come across a few documents that talked about the predictions made by the ancestor of the Zeihardt clan, Otto Zeihardt himself."
"Oh?" Hearing those words, Valyr raised his eyebrow in interest, wondering what a man like Otto had predicted to happen.
"Though most of the predictions were related to the human race and how they would eventually prosper in the far future, Otto had also made a few predictions regarding the state of the Zeihardt clan by the time he wasn't around."
"Amidst the ebb and flow of the waves, a star shall twinkle once again, radiating a faint light that will show the way." Saying these words, Mystia took on a solemn tone, prompting Valyr to remain silent.
"After many people have made their attempts to decrypt this passage, we were eventually able to find out that he was talking about the Heralds, people who would be able to lead the Zeihardt clan and bring it to prosperity once more."
"However, that passage is only considered the first part of the prediction. Let me recite the passage that comes after," said Mystia not long after, to which Valyr perked up his ears.
"Once six stars have lit the way, only then shall the seventh star awaken. Once it awakens, its light shall blind the world, with everyone's focus on this blinding light. With this light in hand, this star shall change the world anew."
"Though it is similar to the prediction for the Heralds, it differs from it in multiple ways." After Mystia was done reciting the prediction, she then went ahead and explained the finer details of it. "For one, there is the mention of a seventh star. At first, many people thought that it talked about the number of generations that passed after a Herald was born."
"Then, there's the mention of a blinding light. To be honest, this part stumped people for many years, with many possible meanings behind it," she added, faintly chuckling. "Fortunately, with the help of a great number of skilled people, we were finally able to decrypt what Otto Zeihardt wanted to say through this prediction around a few months ago."
"What did he want to say?" With how invested he was in her explanation after reaching this point, it was no surprise that Valyr asked.
"If our decryption is correct, he said that there will eventually arrive a day where a member of the clan will be born with the same level of strength as him. To be more specific, that member would be the seventh Herald to be part of the clan."
"Wait… don't tell me…" Pondering over Mystia's words for a bit, a slight frown appeared on the young man's face. Though, as if a light bulb went on in his head, his eyes soon went wide open as an unbelievable thought came to mind.
"Yes, Valyr." Unexpectedly, Mystia confirmed his thoughts.
"According to his predictions, you are the seventh Herald he was talking about."
Ding!
Chapter 543: Ancestral Blood

Sirius' office.
"Ylvar isn't the person I think of him to be?" Listening to the words of the man before him, Julian scratched the back of his head, wondering what kind of perspective the man was going to take. "What do you mean by that?"
"You should really listen to this one, Julian." Seeing how nonchalant Julian was during their conversation, Sirius could not stop himself from letting out a sigh. "As a good friend, even if it's mostly for business, I look out for your safety. Julian, that Ylvar has a hidden identity you don't even know."
"What hidden identity?" Finally understanding what Sirius was hinting at, Julian decided to drop all pretenses and showcase his knowledge to the man. "The fact that Ylvar is actually Valyr Zeihardt?"
"Yes, exactly!" Hearing Julian's words, Sirius profusely nodded in agreement. "Ylvar is actually Valyr Zeihardt! He's been hiding as… wait…"
"You knew?"
"How could I not?" Seeing the confused yet surprised look on his friend's face, Julian did not whether to laugh or continue taking on a serious expression. "As one of the higher-ranked leaders of the Blacksmith Guild, I need to make sure that no malicious people enter our class guild. With that in mind, even false identities are checked in great detail."
"Of course, due to the sensitive nature of the young man's identity, I've decided to have the false identity stay," he added. "After all, only bad things would happen if this kingdom's Zeihardt clan caught wind of him being here."
'Then again, I never expected the kid to be so courageous to share his real identity with the Blacksmith Guild,' thought Julian to himself as he said these words. Though, if he knew that Valyr had shared his real identity just because he did not know his name had possible consequences to it, it went without saying that Julian might faint from shock.
"So, you know, huh." As he listened to his friend's explanation in silence, Sirius eventually nodded in agreement, feeling that the man's words made sense.
"Does anyone else know about this?" asked Julian as he realized something, looking at Sirius with a slightly cold expression. "Ylvar being Valyr, I mean."
"I have sworn a mana oath with the Imperial Alchemist to not divulge any information about the young man's true identity to anyone else, except for other people that knew of his true identity already," replied Sirius, understanding the man's worries. "Now that I think about it, that's probably why the Imperial Alchemist told me that it was fine for me to share the information with you."
"In any case, the fact that you know about it already saves me the trouble of having to explain to you his identity and head straight to the predictions the Imperial Alchemist had given me," said the man not long after, catching Julian a bit by surprise.
"Wait… the Imperial Alchemist can see the future?" asked Julian, to which Sirius nodded in response.
"Even I was surprised when I first heard it," replied Sirius, taking a hint of delight at his friend's surprised expression. "However, I did confirm it with a couple of people I trust from the clan. They say that the Imperial Alchemist is also known as one of the empire's greatest imperial advisers to ever leave, having a subclass that allows her to see into the future."
"And… I presume this prediction has something to do with Valyr?" Putting two and two together in his mind, it did not take long for Julian to get to the crux of the matter, with Sirius nodding in agreement.
"That is indeed the case." Sirius let out a faint sigh before taking in a deep breath. "According to her…"
"Valyr will become the reason for humanity's downfall."
…
Ding!
As Mystia had reached the conclusion of her explanation, a notification sound resounded within Valyr's mind, prompting him to command the system to bring up the notification screen before him.
'How many more layers are there to this identity of mine?' Reading through the notifications he had received, a wry smile eventually crept up onto the young man's lips, inwardly letting out a sigh as he brought up the description of the skill he had obtained.
[You have gained an important piece of information regarding your true identity.]
[The skill 'Royal Blood of the Chosen' has transformed due to the piece of information you've gained. The skill's name has been changed to 'Ancestral Blood of the Zeihardts'.]
[Only a few steps remain before you truly find out who you are. Nevertheless, many things shall remain to stand in your way as you try to seek for it. Surpass all of those, and all the shackles that have been binding you thus far will finally be removed at last.]
Ding!
[Ancestral Blood of the Zeihardts] (Lv. MAX)
Rarity: Mythic+
The founder of the Zeihardt clan is said to be a being of his own caliber, having the ability to wield great amounts of strength, as well as limitless stamina and vitality. As a descendant of the founder, you have inherited a greater portion of the man's blood compared to your peers, becoming known as a Herald of the clan.
However, rather than inherit just a greater portion of the man's blood, you instead have inherited not only the entirety of your blood, but also his strength, stemming from your connection with the man as part of the Zeihardt Imperial Clan.
Because of this, you are able to wield a level of strength that far surpasses any Herald to have ever lived in history, becoming a Harbinger. If anything, the only being capable of having a strength on par with you being the ancestor of the Zeihardt clan, Otto Zeihardt itself.
Though such information is unknown to many at the moment, this information shall eventually spread like wildfire through the continents, causing you to become a target for everyone to befriend with, or for everyone to kill.
Naturally, such a conclusion depends on your future actions.
This skill increases all of the user's stats by 15%. It also increases the user's maximum HP and MP by 20%.
Note: A thin curtain is the only thing stopping you from discovering your true identity. Rise through adversities and figure out what your true purpose is. Once you do, the truth shall be revealed and you shall be set free, Harbinger.
'A 5% increase to all of my stats, as well as my HP and MP…' Looking through the upgrade his passive skill had gone, Valyr could not help but think that such a massive increase in power was quite absurd if it could be obtained through gathering more information about himself.
Nevertheless, with how he did not much about the Zeihardt clan until he had been given a second shot in life, it also made sense that the system had done it this way.
Closing up the screens he had brought up, Valyr took in a few deep breaths as he made it seem like he had been pondering over the information he had just heard from Mystia. Then, after a while, he eventually asked her a question that continued where their conversation had left off.
"Are you sure that I'm the seventh Herald? Are you sure that I'm the Harbinger the ancestor was talking about?" he asked. "After all, hasn't there only been six Heralds throughout the history of the Zeihardt clan?"
"You've read up quite a bit on the history of the Zeihardt clan, I see," responded Mystia after a bit of silence. "In any case, though it is true that there have only been six Heralds throughout the clan's history, it is considered that the ancestor of the Zeihardt clan is a Herald and a Harbinger, thus making you the seventh Herald."
"As well as the second Harbinger," Mystia added at the very last minute. .
"If that's the case, is there anything that happens that signifies that I'm the second Harbinger? I don't really feel anything different from how I was earlier." Though the system had confirmed that Valyr was indeed the Harbinger she was talking about, the young man would not let anyone else but himself know about this for the meantime, deciding to take advantage of the fact that she could not see the changes he had gone through in person.
"Are you sure that I'm the seventh Herald? Perhaps the ancestor was counting to seven from the Herald that came after him and not himself."
"Eh? You don't feel anything different?" Asking a question of her own back, Mystia's tone was that of slight shock. "According to the prophecy Otto had given, a Harbinger would undergo through a great increase in strength after finding out this information."
"Nope," said Valyr, blatantly lying through his teeth. "I seriously don't feel anything at all."
"Was our decryption wrong?" After hearing Valyr's response, Mystia began to doubt the effort she and others had put a great amount of their time in. "Did we possibly misread some of the text written on the passage? Have we been reading it from the wrong direction all this time?"
"Er… I have a question." Though Valyr slightly felt guilty at the fact that he made Mystia feel like all of her work was for nothing, he placed this feeling at the back of his head and suppressed it for the meantime, reminding himself to tell her that him being a Harbinger was true once he had gotten a bit stronger.
"What is it?" Still stressed over the fact that their decryption might be wrong, Mystia responded back in a slightly angry tone, only to calm down once she recalled she was still talking to Valyr.
"If you don't mind…" Twiddling his thumbs, the young man asked her a question.
"Could you tell me what these items you gave me in more detail?"
Chapter 544: The Pill And The Vial

"Right. You also wanted to talk about that." Though the possibility of their decryption being wrong still lingered in her mind, Mystia decided to place the thought at the back of her head for the meantime, letting out a sigh as she gathered her thoughts.
"Well... the first item I'll be explaining in detail is something Sirius has already explained during the auction," said Mystia, revealing to Valyr her connection with Sirius through her words. "I presume you've attended the auction?"
"Yeah." Nodding in response, Valyr looked at the golden orb he had received from Sirius, recalling the different feeling the orb had given him compared to the orb shown in the auction. "The Nascent Rebirth Pill, right?"
"Correct." Subconsciously nodding in agreement to his words, Mystia continued with her explanation. "During the auction, Sirius mentioned that the Nascent rebirth Pill compresses one's mana, enhances one's vitality, as well as increases one's stats by 50 points each."
"However, unlike the Nascent Rebirth Pill I've given to Sirius for him to sell, the Nascent Rebirth Pill I've given you is somewhat different in a way," she continued, letting out a faint chuckle.
"Aside from the fact that the amount of ingredients I've used to concoct the pill I've given you is considerably greater than the amount I used to concoct the pill sold during the auction, all of the pill's effects have been greatly strengthened."
"Of course, that includes the pill's effect of increasing all of your stats." As Valyr visualized Mystia faintly grinning as she said these words, it went without saying that the young man's interest was greatly piqued, wondering to himself how much stronger the pill he had gotten was compared to the one in the auction.
"Hmm... now that I think about it, I guess I should call it by another name since its effects are considerably different from the Nascent Rebirth Pill's," Mystia said all of a sudden amidst the silence, prompting Valyr to perk up his ears as he listened to the woman's words. "I guess calling it the True Rebirth Pill is a better fit."
"Anyways, Sirius mentioned earlier that the Nascent Rebirth Pill compresses one's mana and enhances one's vitality." Hearing Mystia's words, Valyr nodded in agreement, continuing to attentively listen. "In contrast, the True Rebirth Pill not only improves on that compression to mana and enhancement to vitality..."
"It also gives you a corresponding skill that enhances that effect even further."
"Any idea on what that skill is?" Feeling his curiosity towards the skill Mystia mentioned become stronger, Valyr went ahead and asked a very obvious question to her.
"Sadly, I have no clue on what skill it gives you." However, even Mystia was clueless on what kind of skill the pill would give the young man, only working out the skill's effects through her great experience as an alchemist, as well as a bit of guesswork. "All I know is that it'll undoubtedly be of great help to you in the long run."
"How about the boost to one's stats?" Seeing that even Mystia had no idea on what kind of skill the pill would give him, the young man decided to move onto the pill's other effect. "How much of an increase is it compared to the pill's original effect?"
"About 30 points each," replied Mystia succinctly, causing Valyr's eyes to widen in surprise. "In total, you gain 80 points from each stat."
"Wow." For a while, the young man was left at a loss for words, trying to process the information as best as he could. In the end, he could only utter out a sound in response, still unable to wrap his head around the increment.
After all, having a stat of 80 points was already on the level of a being at the peak of Rank 1. In fact, some beings at the beginning levels of Rank 2 also had stats around that level.
With that, it went without saying that increasing all of his stats by 80 points would undoubtedly increase his strength in all fields, even though his combat strength could already rival beings that were solidly at Rank 4. He had a feeling that the pill would allow his strength to rival those at the peak of Rank 4, perhaps even rival those that fully comprehended their Intent.
"How about the vial?" Feeling more than satisfied with the information he had obtained regarding the pill, Valyr moved onto the vial of viscous purple fluid he had gotten.
"About that... I don't really have a name for that, actually." Hearing Valyr's question, Mystia let out an awkward chuckle. "All I have to say about it is that the vial complements the pill's effects."
"Well, that and the fact that it also allows you to connect to a unique type of energy," added the woman soon after, making Valyr raise his eyebrow in curiosity.
"Though, I'll only explain the energy in greater detail after you consume both items." However, before the young man could even ask about it, Mystia had interrupted him, causing the young man to wryly smile in response.
"Is there a specific order on how I consume these items?" Wanting to know more about the unique energy Mystia had mentioned as soon as possible, Valyr made up his mind to consume both items the very moment he had obtained the corresponding instructions from her.
"Nothing too complicated," said Mystia in response. "First, you consume the pill. Then, once you've fully absorbed the pill's effects, only then do you consume the contents of the vial."
"Got it." Valyr nodded, taking in a deep breath as he mentally prepared himself for what he was going to do. Though she had not mentioned anything about it, the young man was certain that there were a few detrimental side effects that came along with consuming the pill, much less the vial Mystia had concocted on a whim. .
"Alright. With that, I think I've pretty much said everything I wanted to say to you, so I'll end the conversation here for now." Unfortunately, just as the young man was hoping that the woman would wait for him to consume both of the items, Mystia instead ended their conversation then and there, making him feel a slight hint of disappointment.
Though, as he thought about it for a bit, Valyr soon understood why she had to do it.
Not only was she the empire's Imperial Alchemist, a being all alchemists in the empire looked up to, but she was also one of the empire's many imperial advisers. In other words, the fact that she had more than enough time to hold a long conversation with the young man was already a miracle in itself.
In fact, it also wouldn't be far-fetched for one to think that she was holding a conversation with the young man while doing something else in the meantime.
With that, as Mystia told Valyr that the crystal could be used to contact her at anytime, the latter went ahead and cut off the connection between the two of them, letting the crystal fall to the ground as he eventually shifted his attention on the pill.
"Well then..." Taking in a deep breath once more, Valyr let out a small chuckle as he placed the golden orb into his mouth.
"I guess it won't be long till I contact you again, Mystia."
Chapter 545: Something To Ponder Over

"Haah…" After Valyr had disrupted the connection allowing him and Mystia to talk with one another, the latter stared at the orb she was holding for a bit before letting out a long sigh, the thought she had placed to the side earlier gradually returning to the surface.
"Was there anything wrong with our deciphering process?" Muttering these words to herself, Mystia placed the orb on a nearby pedestal before getting up from the chair, deciding to roam the streets for a bit as she allowed the gears in her mind to turn. "We employed the help of over 100 experts in decryption for the past few decades or so, some of which even have subclasses related to deciphering ancient languages themselves."
"Surely, such a prophecy with that many people checking it would most likely be certain, yet it isn't." Faintly scratching the back of her head as she wondered which part of their decryption process might be flawed, the woman continued to mull over it. .
"Is it perhaps our interpretation of the text? Have we taken it too literally?"
"Or is it perhaps our method of reading the text? Should it be read from right to left and not left to right? Or should it have been read from top to bottom? Would changing the reading direction give us a different meaning to it?"
"No… that doesn't seem right…" However, even after all of the thinking she had done over what might have gone wrong, Mystia was incredibly certain that the message they had obtained from deciphering Otto's passage was the correct one. Even if she were to change the method of interpreting the words the man had used on the passage, she felt like she would still arrive at the same message from earlier.
"Perhaps Valyr is right that the counting of the Heralds began after Otto." Having immense confidence in the message she and many others had obtained after putting years of effort into deciphering the passage, Mystia instead looked at the problem from the perspective the young man had given her earlier.
"However, I'm quite certain that one of the passages we deciphered mentioned that Otto was the first Herald and Harbinger of the Zeihardt clan." Continuing to think out loud, Mystia brought her slight journey through the streets of the Meltierre Empire back to the place she was staying in, returning to the estate the empire had given her as one of their imperial advisers.
"Hmm…" Sitting at the stairs leading up to the entrance to her estate, Mystia looked at the sky for a while, letting her mind wander about as she allowed the thoughts in her mind to come and go as they pleased. Eventually, a certain thought surfaced in her mind, a thought that, frankly, was something she should have come up with from the very beginning.
"Is Valyr lying?" she asked herself, feeling anger gradually rise up as she thought about how she easily believed his words. Though, after taking a few deep breaths to compose herself, she eventually let out a sigh, putting herself in the young man's shoes as she understood the reasoning behind his actions.
After all, even though a Harbinger was not well known by the world, Mystia was certain that it wouldn't take long for many to find that out once Valyr made it known.
"Well, whatever the case may be, I'm sure I'll find out the truth at some point." Feeling like a weight had been lifted off her shoulders after this realization, the woman finally made her way into the estate, arriving at the place she had been talking with Valyr earlier.
Gazing at the orb she had used to talk with the young man, a faint urge to contact Valyr once more arose from within her. However, after a while, she let out a chuckle as she turned around, deciding to do some of her tasks for the day in the meantime.
"I'm pretty sure the young man's currently in the process of consuming those items I've given him."
"He'll definitely contact me soon enough."
…
Whoosh!
At the very moment Valyr had placed the True Rebirth Pill into his mouth, the golden orb swiftly melted into a viscous liquid that flowed down his throat, causing him to subconsciously swallow the liquid in its entirety.
"Mmph!" However, once he did, his stomach began to churn, prompting the young man to widen his eyes in surprise as he felt a wave of nausea wash over his body, only for a feeling of hotness emanating from his stomach to appear not long after.
Taking in a few deep breaths to make sure that he did not throw up, the young man soon focused the entirety of his concentration towards the absorption of the pill, releasing some of his own mana inside his own stomach to form a barrier that separated the viscous liquid from the other contents that resided within.
Unfortunately, before the young man could even contain half of the liquid that made up the True Rebirth Pill, as if it had a mind of his own, the liquid charged at the walls of his stomach, causing the nausea he felt to drastically increase in intensity.
"Bleeerrrgghh…" Eventually, the nausea he felt was so severe that the young man could not restrain himself anymore, purging out the entirety of the contents of his stomach onto the floor.
Though, rather than vomit out half-eaten food, as well as digestive juices, the young man instead vomited out a black mass, which definitely made the young man's eyes widen even more.
"Mnh…" By the time he had stopped purging out this black mass, the young man felt that his current condition had surprisingly become better compared to his condition from before he had eaten the pill. To him, it was as if all of the fatigue and stress he had accumulated so far had been removed from his body all at once, making him wonder whether this feeling he felt at the moment was true relief.
"Ah…" Then again, before he could inspect his current condition any deeper, a feeling of hotness emanated from his stomach yet again. However, unlike before, rather than remain in the stomach, this feeling of hotness soon spread out throughout his body, making him feel as if he had entered a relaxing sauna all of a sudden.
For a while, this soothing feeling washed over the young man's body, prompting him to lay down on the ground and immerse himself while he could. Sadly, by the time a few minutes had passed, this feeling gradually began to disappear, letting out a slightly disappointed sigh as he stood up once more.
Hearing a series of notification sounds go off in his mind, the young man went ahead and commanded the system to bring up a screen before him, allowing him to take a look at the gains he had obtained.
"Darn."
"That's a lot more than I thought."
Ding!
[Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained the passive skill 'Enhanced Mana'.]
[Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained the passive skill 'Enhanced Vitality'.]
…
…
…
[Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained the following stats: +80 VIT, +80 STR, +80 AGI, +80 DEX, +80 INT, +80 WIS, +80 PER, and +80 LUK.]
Chapter 546: Hidden Stats

Thoroughly reading through the various effects the pill had given him, Valyr's eyes slightly widened in surprise as he did not expect some of the notifications that popped up. In his mind, he thought that he would only get a maximum of around five notifications total, with one talking about his increase in stats, while the remaining four would talk about his improved mana and vitality.
"That's a lot more than I thought," muttered the young man to himself, deciding to separate the notifications into two categories like how he had separated his notifications from upgrading his subclass in the past.
Ding!
[Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained the passive skill 'Enhanced Mana'.] .
[Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained the passive skill 'Enhanced Vitality'.]
[Due to the effects of the skill 'Enhanced Mana', you have gained access to the hidden stat Mana Purity.]
[Due to the effects of the skill 'Enhanced Vitality', you have gained access to the hidden stat Vigor.]
[Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained 3 points to Mana Purity.]
[Due to the effects of the True Rebirth Pill, you have gained 3 points to Vigor.]
"System, identify 'Enhanced Mana' and 'Enhanced Vitality'." For the first category of notifications he had obtained, all of them were related to the skills the young man had obtained from the True Rebirth Pill, specifically the skills 'Enhanced Mana' and 'Enhanced Vitality'.
Ding!
Though it did not seem like the two skills did a lot for the young man from another person's perspective, with the great amount of knowledge he had accumulated about Greater Beyond from his past life, Valyr knew that such skills would only become better the stronger he became.
[Enhanced Mana] (Lv. MAX)
Rarity: Rare
Mana was originally a pure energy, capable of contending against the most primordial of energies. However, with the birth of matter and life, mana began to be contaminated with its properties, causing it to lose its original power.
Nevertheless, such a contamination allowed those with weak strength to tap into a nigh-infinite energy source, granting them the ability to achieve feats beyond the limits of what a single creature is capable of.
To enhance one's mana is to restore part of the original properties of mana, ridding it of its contamination in exchange for greater power. Only those adept in controlling mana can begin to refine and purify mana back to its original form, with those becoming one with mana able to have the purest of mana flowing throughout their bodies at any time.
This skill unlocks the hidden stat 'Mana Purity' for the user, with each point towards the stat considerably increasing the potency of each point of mana. This effect only becomes more prominent the higher the user's class rank is.
This skill also boosts the user's maximum MP by 5%.
'To think I'd be unlocking hidden stats this early.' After he was done reading through the description of 'Enhanced Mana', the young man let out a faint chuckle as he skimmed through the description of 'Enhanced Vitality', considering that the purpose of the two was more or less the same.
Both skills gave a considerable increase to a general stat, as well as gave him access to a specific hidden stat.
Though almost player of Greater Beyond knew of the general stats, which were comprised of HP, MP, Attack, and Defense, as well as the eight specific stats one would see on their status screen, only those that have ascended beyond Rank 5 and entered the realm of Myths would come across another type of stat that had a large impact on one's strength in the later stages of the game.
Hidden stats.
Just like the name suggested, hidden stats were stats that were normally tucked away within the recesses of one's body, having considerable effects on certain stats once discovered.
As far as Valyr knew, there were a few hidden stats that every player beyond Rank 5 would become familiar with. Among those common hidden stats were Mana Purity and Vigor, the two hidden stats the young man had just unlocked.
Even though Mana Purity focused on improving the potency of one's mana, it also had an effect on one's INT and WIS stat, allowing them to become slightly more effective on skills and spells that use those stats to scale their strength. From what the young man could recall, almost every mage and priest he had come across would have this hidden stat at over 10 points by the time they were Rank 6.
On the other hand, Vigor was a hidden stat that improved the efficacy of the VIT and STR stat, as well as the speed at which one regenerated health. Unsurprisingly, such a stat also had a slight effect towards one's Attack and Defense stat, making it a staple hidden stat unlocked by those that either had classes focused on going berserk or tanking a lot of damage.
"With the 80 point boost to all of my stats included, that pretty much sums up what I obtained from the pill." Closing the two screens he had brought up, Valyr went ahead and did a few basic movements to become more accustomed with the substantial increase in his strength.
After conjuring a couple of orbs made out of his slightly improved mana to fully get used to his new stats, the young man eventually shifted his attention towards the vial of purple liquid, taking in a deep breath as he felt a sense of nervousness gradually rise up.
"To be honest, I'm kind of afraid as to what possible side effects this vial might have," muttered the young man to himself, briefly letting out a scared chuckle as he removed the stopper. Taking a whiff of the liquid inside, Valyr was slightly surprised by the fact that the liquid smelled fragrant, the scent of which reminded him of strawberries.
"Here goes nothing…" Reminding himself that the effects of the True Rebirth Pill would be enhanced once he ingested the contents of the vial over and over again, the nervousness Valyr felt gradually disappeared. Then, after mustering up the courage to do so, he went ahead and downed the vial's contents in one gulp, feeling a slight coldness emanate from the liquid as the feeling soon traveled throughout his entire body.
And then…
Thud.
…
…
…
Ding!
Chapter 547: Seeds of Doubt

Sirius' office.
"Valyr will become the reason for humanity's downfall…" Hearing the words Sirius had said to him, Julian decided to repeat it back, his expression that of slight shock.
"Don't you think only someone crazy would say something like that?" However, just as Sirius thought that his friend had internalized the saying and believe it, the exact opposite had happened, with Julian even going so far to call him crazy. "What kind of evidence do you even have to say something like that?"
"Well, first of all, the young man's from the Zeihardt clan," said Sirius, deciding to respond to the question. "Both of us know very well that those from the Zeihardt clan tend to have quite the odd personality."
"Just because we've encountered one of those rude members from the Zeihardt clan in the past doesn't mean everyone in the Zeihardt clan is also like that." Briefly scratching the back of his head, Julian let out a faint sigh. "Plus, that man had all right to be mad. You did throw your drink on his white shirt, after all." .
"Accidentally. Accidentally, okay?" Sirius emphasized as his face went slightly red, to which Julian slightly shrugged his shoulders in response. "In any case, why does it seem like you're so protective of the young man? Is it because he has increased the Blacksmith Guild's reputation?"
"Well, there's that." Julian wasn't afraid to admit it. "There's also the fact that he's a Zeihardt, a Herald at that."
"However, I'm not protective of the young man because of such ephemeral things," clarified the man soon after. "If anything, it's the fact that he's an incredibly talented blacksmith in his own right. As part of the old generation, it only makes sense for someone like me to fully support a young man who might become a pillar of the guild for the future."
"Plus, even though I'm certain the Imperial Alchemist had not come up with that prediction out of nowhere, I'd rather believe what I can see with my own two eyes than something that only has a chance to happen in the future."
"Is that so?" Listening to Julian's words, it did not take long for Sirius to realize that anything he did to persuade the man would have no effect whatsoever. With that, he inwardly gave up on doing so and let out a faint sigh, deciding to share the information from another perspective instead.
"How about this?" said Sirius, prompting Julian to focus his attention on him. "I won't persuade you to believe what I have to say, but just listen to the other things the Imperial Alchemist told me regarding Valyr."
"… as a good business friend of yours, I'll be willing to hear you out at the very least." Though Julian would have preferred for their conversation to end there and then, the man eventually decided to agree, considering that the man before him had helped Valyr earn quite a sizable amount of money.
"Glad to hear that." In response, Sirius merely smiled.
"So, aside from the fact that the Imperial Alchemist told me that Valyr would become the reason for humanity's downfall, she also told me how such a thing might possibly happen."
"Now that I think about it… why would the Imperial Alchemist tell you about this in the first place?" As he nodded in response to Sirius' words, a question suddenly popped up into Julian's mind.
"To be completely honest with you, I have no clue either." Sirius briefly shrugged his shoulders in response. "However, I'm sure she had a good reason to tell someone like me. After all, I'm still part of one of the empire's imperial clans."
"Continue." Feeling as if the Imperial Alchemist's reason in telling Sirius was just for the sake for it, Julian decided not to head down the rabbit hole for the meantime, giving his friend the freedom to continue his explanation.
"As I was saying… the Imperial Alchemist also mentioned to me how such a thing would happen." Nodding in agreement, Sirius continued where he left off. "First, both of us know that the reason why the Zeihardt clan is madly searching for Valyr's whereabouts is because of the fact that he's a Herald, right?"
"As far as I know, yes." Julian nodded after a bit of thinking.
"And we both know as well that those born as Heralds in the Zeihardt clan generally have far superior strength than their peers, to the point that their strength would cause a new era of humanity to begin."
"That is also true." Julian nodded once more.
"However, according to the Imperial Alchemist, Valyr's eventual level of strength won't just stop at the level of the Heralds we've known in the past," said Sirius, his expression solemn. "Instead, it would exceed it by a great margin, causing not only humanity to change, but the entire world."
"That means… the orcs and the elves would also become affected?" asked Julian for clarification.
"Yes." Sirius nodded.
"Huh." Obtaining affirmation from his question, Julian could only utter out a sound, pondering over what he should feel from the information. Though, after a while, he was able to sort out his feelings, eventually telling Sirius something that caused the latter to do a double take.
"Well… if you think about it, such a future isn't that half-bad."
…
"Urgh…" After quite a long amount of time had passed, Valyr had eventually woken up once more, slowly getting up as he came to terms with what had happened to him.
"I drank the liquid inside the vial…" Frequently scratching the back of his head, it took a while for the gears in the young man's mind to start turning again. "And then… a wave of coldness hit me… then… I fell unconscious… I think."
"Huh." Giving himself some more time to think about what had happened, Valyr decided to clean up the black mass he had vomited out. Standing up, he then left the room for a bit to grab some cleaning supplies, only to go ahead and scoop up every little bit of black mass he could as he continued to ponder over what happened.
"Well, nothing else seems to be out of the ordinary." Once he was done cleaning up the mess he had made, Valyr did a quick physical check.
"Time to check the notifications, then." Seeing that his body seemed to be doing fine, the young man then moved onto the remaining thing he hadn't checked yet, commanding the system to bring up a notification screen in front of him.
Ding!
"Uh huh." Though, once he did…
He could not help but get an odd feeling from what he was reading.
Chapter 548: The Mystic Vial

Ding!
[Due to the effects of the Mystic Vial, the remnant energies from the True Rebirth Pill have been awakened, causing its effects to rise once more.]
[You have gained the following stats: +20 VIT, +20 STR, +20 AGI, +20 DEX, +20 INT, +20 WIS, +20 PER, and +20 LUK.]
"So, it's called the Mystic Vial, huh…" Reading through the first few notifications he had gained from consuming the vial's contents, Valyr raised his eyebrows in surprise after finding out that the vial did complement the pill's effects.
Though, if he thought about it, it would be more correct to say that the vial had enhanced the pill's effects even further, considering that he had gained an additional 20 points each on all of his stats.
However, that was not all.
[Due to the effects of the Mystic Vial, you have gained 2 points to Mana Purity.]
[Due to the effects of the Mystic Vial, you have gained 2 points to Vigor.]
'Even the hidden stats have been improved by the vial.' Continuing to read through the notifications he had gotten, Valyr soon came across the ones that talked about his unlocked hidden stats gaining points.
"All in all, I gained 100 points each on all stats, as well 5 points to both Mana Purity and Vigor because of this vial." Faintly wondering how much 5 points in both hidden stats would affect his journey into the inheritance that he and the others would be exploring next week, a faint smile crept up onto the young man's lips as he moved onto the remaining notifications on his screen.
"…huh. I guess this was what Mystia was talking about."
[Due to the effects of the Mystic Vial, you have gained an affinity towards the Mystic Plane, grabbing the attention of its Overseer.]
[The Overseer wonders for a bit as to why you have the energy of its Saintess, yet it decides not to inquire any further, knowing what the Saintess wants it to do.]
[You have gained the recognition of the Mystic Plane, allowing you to use its energy as if it were your own.]
[You have gained the passive skill 'Mystic Energy Empowerment'.]
[You have gained the passive skill 'Mystic Energy Vessel'.]
[You have gained the active skill 'Basic Mystic Energy Manipulation'.]
Slightly scratching his head as he read through this series of notifications, Valyr more or less understood what was going on, thinking about his experience with Noel in the Shadow Plane.
"In a way, this is similar to the process on how I obtained Shadow Energy," murmured the young man to himself, visualizing what had possibly happened to him while he was unconscious. "However, unlike with Shadow Energy, I didn't have to consume a corresponding item, nor did I have to enter the corresponding plane to obtain its recognition."
"Guess that has a lot to do with the Overseer and the Saintess these notifications are talking about, huh." Taking a look at the notifications once more, it did not take long for him to gain an idea of who or what the Overseer and the Saintess was, basing it off from the knowledge he had gained from visiting the Shadow Plane.
With that, Valyr easily came to the conclusion that the Overseer would be none other than the Mystic Plane's founder and creator, as well as the one who gets to decide who and what has access to the Mystic Plane's energy, aptly named Mystic Energy.
On the other hand, considering that she was the one who had given the item to him, it only made sense for the young man to think that Mystia was the Saintess of the Mystic Plane, wondering how she had obtained such a title in the first place.
'Is she the first one to discover the Mystic Plane or something…?' thought the young man to himself, feeling like only a feat similar to that would allow one to be granted such a level of authority.
Pondering about it even further, he then wondered if Noel had a similar title like that in the Shadow Plane, recalling that he had introduced the existence of Shadow Energy to many people.
"Hmm…" Rubbing his chin as he wondered whether or not to contact Mystia again, Valyr eventually decided to contact her the following day, even though he had told himself that he would contact her once he was done consuming both items.
Though he had a feeling that the woman had set some time aside for him so they could talk about the Mystic Energy he had just unlocked, Mystia's words of her being an Imperial Alchemist and an imperial adviser lingered in the young man's mind, prompting him to think that such time would be better off completing tasks related to those.
With that, he grabbed the crystal he used to contact Mystia earlier and placed it inside his spatial bracelet, only to then grab the now-empty vial as he made his way out of the private room he had occupied. While doing so, he commanded the system to bring up the descriptions of the three skills he had gained, deciding to satiate his curiosity with Mystic Energy through it for the meantime.
Ding!
[Mystic Energy Empowerment] (Lv. MAX)
Rarity: Rare+
You have gained access to a type of energy that many people sought to claim as their own, touting its capabilities to make the impossible possible, to make the unreal real, and to make the unbelievable believable. With this energy, feats that would normally be difficult to achieve with mana, will now be simple, expanding your abilities to nigh-infinity.
This skill increases the efficacy of techniques under [Basic Mystic Energy Manipulation] by 30%.
[Mystic Energy Vessel] (Lv. MAX)
Rarity: ???
Mystic Energy: 1/1
Grade: Impure (Common)
A myriad of energies exist throughout the universe. Some of these energies are attuned towards such as destruction, such as Chaos Energy, while some of these energies could be attuned to go both ways, such as Primordial Mana.
Mystic Energy is a type of energy that is attuned towards creation, a type of energy that one could only make contact with through the Mystic Plane, a plane that hails from ancient times. Due to its ancient origin, it is a type of energy that's highly sought after by many beings throughout the ages, all of them touting its capabilities of making the impossible possible, the unachievable achievable.
Thanks to the blessing of the Mystic Plane's Saintess, you have gained the recognition of the Mystic Plane from the Overseer itself, allowing you to tap into this energy as if it were an extension of your limbs.
This skill allows the user that has been recognized to improve the amount and quality of the Mystic Energy they control, eventually giving them the ability to achieve more things with the energy.
This skill also allows the user to tap into Mystic Energy at any time, not needing to form a connection with the Mystic Plane anymore whenever the user wishes to do so. This skill also allows the user to store a small amount of Mystic Energy within their bodies, which could be improved by absorbing Mystic Energy from the plane itself, or by slaying beings of the Mystic Plane.
[Basic Mystic Energy Manipulation] (Lv. 1/10)
Rarity: Common
Mystic Energy. A type of energy that many people believe to make the impossible possible, to transform make-believe into reality. .
This skill allows the user to harness and utilize the power of Mystic Energy in all sorts of ways, gaining the ability to have Mystic Energy take on a tangible form, as well as manipulate the energy into whatever form the user sees fit.
<First Skill: Element Creation - Allows the user to transform Mystic Energy into any element that the user wishes to create. Conversion rate between Mystic Energy and the resulting element depends on the element chosen, the amount of Mystic Energy available, as well as the quality of Mystic Energy used. Cooldown: 10 minutes. Cost: 2,500 MP.>
'In other words, Mystic Energy is the exact opposite of Shadow Energy in terms of purpose.' Closing up the screens he had brought up, Valyr inwardly nodded in understanding after he was finished reading through the skills' descriptions. 'If Shadow Energy was a type of energy whose origin is the concept of destruction, then Mystic Energy's origin would be that of creation.'
"Then again, the first skill that allows me to use Mystic Energy actively already makes that concept obvious," muttered the young man to himself, walking through the corridors of the auction house as he made his way to the exit.
"However, I wonder if this energy would truly allow me to make the impossible possible at some point," asked Valyr to himself not long after, thinking about how amazing it would be to create items out of thin air.
At some point, he also thought about the possibility of using the energy to resurrect the dead back to life, though he soon discarded the thought, thinking that it had nothing to do with the concept of creation anymore.
'In any case, I guess I'll only be able to head to the Mystic Plane and increase my Mystic Energy once I talk with Mystia more about it.' Placing his thoughts regarding Mystic Energy to the back of his mind for the meantime, Valyr eventually arrived at the auction house's entrance, only to find that Julian was already there waiting for him.
Chapter 549: Sharing Information

"So, what did Mystia tell you?" Seeing the young man come closer to him, Julian waved at Valyr, asking the question that instantly came to mind.
After all, before he and Sirius had a discussion regarding what Valyr might be able to do in the future, he had received a brief message from the young man, telling him pretty much all he needed to know.
'I'll be talking with Mystia for a while. I'll let you know what we talked about once we meet up.'
"A lot of things," replied Valyr, bitterly smiling as he noticed the man's serious expression. "Aside from telling me more about the items I've received from Sirius, she also told me about what I might possibly do in the future."
"My hunch was correct, then," said Julian after listening to the young man, causing the latter's eyes to briefly widen in surprise.
Though, just as Valyr was about to ask the man on what he meant by that, one of the attendants of the auction house had arrived in front of them, carrying a flask of viscous fluid and an archaic-looking book on top of a tray.
"Sir Julian Pyrrhia and Sir Ylvar, right?" asked the attendant, leaving the two no choice but to nod in response.
"Sir Sirius has ordered me to give you the items you've won from the auction, lest you forget." Nodding back, the attendant moved the tray closer towards the two, prompting Valyr to thank the attendant as he stashed both the flask and the book inside his spatial bracelet for the meantime.
Seeing that their task was over, the attendant gave both Valyr and Julian a respectful half-bow before turning around, eventually leaving the two to their own devices once more.
"…Wanna head back to the Blacksmith Guild to talk more about it?" Feeling that the atmosphere between the two had become slightly awkward due to the attendant's sudden appearance, Julian took a quick look outside before giving the young man a suggestion.
"It's not like I have any other choice." Of course, with how he had a feeling that Julian had a lot of things to say to him, as well as the fact that he would have to ask the man for more information regarding information brokers, it went without saying that the young man agreed, briefly shrugging his shoulders in nonchalance.
…
"Alright. Now that we're back here, we can talk a bit more freely about what information we've obtained from our respective conversations." By the time they arrived at the Blacksmith Guild, the two of them swiftly headed to Julian's personal workshop, ignoring the curious looks everyone else gave them along the way.
Then, once there, Julian made a solid barrier out of mana surrounding them, only stopping his infusion of more mana into it once he felt that the barrier would stop any sound they made from getting outside.
"So, what did Mystia tell you exactly?" Letting out a long and drawn-out sigh, Julian looked at the young man before him.
"Which part? The items or the part about the future?" Letting out a sigh of his own in response, Valyr grabbed a box to sit on before responding. "Speaking of which, did you and Sirius talk about something while I was talking with Mystia?"
"We did." Julian nodded. "Coincidentally, we talked about how your actions would have an effect on the future… though, Sirius painted it in a bad light for some reason."
"Really?" Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity. "Well, Mystia talked about how my strength would grow beyond the level of a Herald, allowing my actions to not only change the course of humanity, but the entire world as well."
"And that was it."
"Huh. That's exactly what Sirius told me," replied Julian, briefly scratching his head. "However, he always looked at it from a pessimistic perspective, saying about how you would cause humanity's downfall in the future."
"Then again, I'm pretty sure his perspective towards the prediction was skewed by the fact we interacted with a rude member from the Zeihardt clan back then." At these words, the man faintly shrugged his shoulders. "Well, I don't blame him for thinking that way."
"So, if I'm getting this correctly, we basically obtained the same information from different people." Pondering over it for a bit, Valyr eventually opened his mouth, omitting the fact that he and Mystia talked about how he was a Harbinger.
"More or less." In response, Julian nodded in agreement, not finding anything amiss with the young man's words. "Ah, right. What kind of items did she give you?"
"Well, the first one is a stronger version of the Nascent Rebirth Pill sold in the auction." As he said these words, Valyr looked at Julian's reaction. Unsurprisingly, the man only nodded once he heard it, prompting the young man to move onto the vial.
"As for the vial, according to her, it complements the effects of the pill I got," said the young man soon after. "However, it was more like the vial enhanced the pill's effects even further."
"Did you consume the items already?" asked Julian as he examined the young man's aura. Though he had already sensed that the aura Valyr was passively releasing was considerably stronger than before the two separated ways, he still wanted to confirm it with his two eyes.
"Yeah." Nodding in response, Valyr went ahead and flared out his aura in its entirety, causing the man's eyes to slightly widen in surprise as he did not expect the increase to be that massive. .
Then again, once the young man explained how much stats he had gained from the two items, everything eventually made sense to him.
"In total, I gained 100 points each in every stat," said Valyr, leaving Julian at a slight loss for words.
Even though a hundred points might not mean a lot to someone like him, for Valyr, whose stats were already high for his rank, increasing it by a further hundred points was akin to adding wings to a tiger.
'I wonder how he'd react if he found out I could also control Mystic Energy now,' briefly thought Valyr to himself as he suppressed his aura once more, taking a bit of delight in Julian's reaction.
"Anyways, would it finally be alright to tell me more about the people you know who could get me more information about the Zeihardt clan?" Thinking that he had given Julian enough time to process what he had told him, the young man went ahead and changed the topic of the conversation to what he wanted to talk about all this time.
"Ah, right." Fortunately, Julian quickly snapped back to reality, nodding as he thought about the question for a bit in silence.
Then, feeling as if he had gathered all of the information he needed to tell Valyr, only then did the man begin his explanation.
"So…"
Chapter 550: Gaining Information

"Before I begin, I should preface this by saying that it's mostly an open secret to those that have high authority in any kingdom or empire. Anyways, there are actually only a few information brokers that exist throughout the continent." Julian decided to begin his explanation with this statement, prompting Valyr to nod in response as he let the man continue.
"These information brokers are similar to how class guilds work, having a main branch located in a certain place, while their influence spreads throughout the entire continent by putting up other branches," said the man.
"Of course, that's only if we're talking about the large-scale organizations that specialize in obtaining information. If we include the medium-scale and small-scale organizations, then there are a lot more."
"However, rather than invest your money into a small or medium-scale organization, I'd suggest you choose one of the large-scale organizations instead." At these words, Julian looked at Valyr, instantly noticing the curiosity written all over the latter's expression.
With that, he answered the obvious question in the young man's head before the latter could even voice it out. "For one, though small-scale and medium-scale organizations could generally be trusted, the methods in which they obtain their information tends to enter gray territory."
"In fact, there was one incident in the past where a medium-scale organization was wiped off from the face of Veldanyr after it was found out that the organization was just a facade for a large criminal syndicate," Julian told Valyr, making the latter slightly shudder, imagining the destruction it would have caused.
"Of course, I'm not saying that all small and medium-scale organizations are like that, though. I'm just saying that it's a more frequent occurrence in those organizations."
"Does that mean you'll only be recommending me large-scale organizations, then?" Pondering over Julian's words for a bit, Valyr eventually asked him a question that seemed to follow the man's train of thought.
"In a way, kind of." Julian faintly nodded.
"After all, if you think about it, large-scale organizations could only reach such a size due to their work ethic and the reputation they have accumulated over hundreds, if not thousand of years."
"If anything, you're guaranteed to get more than your money's worth when employing the help of a large-scale organization, especially when it comes to information gathering."
"But of course, I'm also going to recommend you some medium-scale and small-scale organizations that I myself obtain information from," he added.
"If there's one thing small and medium-scale organizations are better at compared to large-scale organizations, it's the fact that they could obtain local information at greater speeds and greater detail."
"Though, if what you want information on is an event that everyone in the continent wants to know, your best bet would be a large-scale organization." Julian let out a faint chuckle, feeling that the gears in Valyr's mind were madly turning at this moment.
"How about individual people? Do you know any individual information brokers as well?" Taking a bit of time to wrap his head around the way Julian used information brokers to his advantage, Valyr eventually asked another question.
"A few." Julian nodded. "However, I only contact them when I need incredibly specific information on a certain event or a certain person."
"A great example of something like that would be the man that won the Nascent Rebirth Pill from earlier." Hearing these words from Julian, Valyr perked up his ears in curiosity. After all, he had wondered earlier if the man would be able to return to their clan safely.
"Utilizing these individual information brokers, a lot of people, including myself, were able to obtain a great amount of information about him within minutes," said the man, sighing not long after.
"In fact, I've just received a report earlier that the man had been ganged up on by multiple masked individuals about a hundred meters away from his estate. Of course, any traces of the Nascent Rebirth Pill after that were nowhere to be found."
"Is that so…" Though he felt a bit of pity for the man, Valyr swiftly discarded all his thoughts regarding the incident. After all, the two of them were just strangers in passing. "Anyways, which information brokers would you recommend to me?"
"For organizations, I'll recommend you a few," replied Julian. "As for individuals… hmm… I guess only one of them would really be of use to you at the moment."
"I am all ears." Thanking the man before him for sharing information on what would normally be something he had to obtain on his own, Valyr made sure to commit every word Julian would say to memory.
"The first organization I'd recommend you to check out is the Red Tide," Julian told Valyr.
"They're a large-scale organization situated in the Meltierre Empire, with their branch being around the kingdom's outskirts. Though they're great at information gathering, they're also known to have the best assassins and mercenaries in the continent if you're in need of those."
"I'll keep that in mind." Valyr nodded, allowing Julian to move onto the second one.
"The next organization I'll be recommending is the Nine Stars Pavilion," continued Julian.
"It was originally a small group of nine talented information brokers, with each achieving feats many couldn't believe. However, they were able to expand their influence to cover the entire continent within a couple hundred of years, becoming the go-to large-scale organization for many people when it comes to general information."
"If I remember correctly, you could also request them to obtain information on a specific item or event and they'll give it to you within a few days." At these words, Valyr nodded once more, thinking to himself that he might use the Nine Stars Pavilion more than the Red Tide. .
"As for the last organization, that would be none other than the Algerie Kingdom's very own Alzahar Information Alliance." As Julian said these words, Valyr's eyes faintly widened in surprise.
"Unlike the two previous organizations, the Alzahar Information Alliance is only a medium-scale organization. However, it's pretty close to becoming a large-scale organization thanks to a recent partnership, so you could expect the same quality of information from them."
"Then, for the person I'd recommend you to look for…" By the time Julian had approached this topic, he could not help but let out a slight chuckle, prompting Valyr to look at him with faint confusion.
Though, once the man had continued his explanation, Valyr quickly understood why.
"Have you heard of the name Braum Gladios before?"
Chapter 551: Unlikely Encounter

"Seriously?" Hearing Julian mention a name that he was familiar with, Valyr let out a slightly exasperated sigh. Pondering over the man's suggestion for a bit, it did not take long for him to eventually conclude that Julian recommending Braum made quite a lot of sense.
After all, Braum was the leader of the Imperial Production Guild's 3rd Reconnaissance Team. That alone was more than enough proof that he and the members of his group were great at information gathering, if the word 'Reconnaissance' wasn't already enough of a clue.
"So… do you know of him… or not?" Slightly surprised that the young man before him let out a sigh all of a sudden, Julian gave the young man a bit of time to think about it. Feeling like he had given him enough, it was only then did he ask once more.
"I know of him… I know of him very well." Valyr wryly smiled as he looked at Julian. "How could I not if his group was the sole reason I was able to arrive at Algerie Kingdom in the first place?"
"Really?" Listening to Valyr's words, Julian's eyes widened in slight surprise. After that, he let out a brief chuckle.
"I guess I don't have to explain a lot regarding him, then," said the man, to which Valyr nodded in agreement.
"Then again, how much do you know about him?" Just as Julian was about to end the topic then and there, the man decided to make sure, asking Valyr a question.
"He's the leader of the Imperial Production Guild's 3rd Reconnaissance Team," replied Valyr. "He's also at the peak of Rank 4,? specifically an Epic due to him comprehending an Intent."
"Huh. There really isn't much for me to explain." Julian let out a bit of laughter as some of the information Valyr had given him was something even he had not gotten his hands on. "Though, did you know that he became the leader of the guild's 3rd Reconnaissance Team solely due to his information gathering abilities alone?"
"Not at all." Valyr shook his head, recalling the man's confrontation against the mayor of Clossbay City back then. To him, he wouldn't have been surprised if he had gotten that position thanks to his strength.
"How about those on the 1st and 2nd Reconnaissance Team?" Thinking about how Braum was the leader of the Imperial Production Guild's 3rd Reconnaissance Team, Valyr asked Julian a question that seemed to be in topic. "Aren't they great at information gathering as well?"
"They are." Julian nodded in agreement. "However, unlike Braum, the services of the 1st and 2nd Reconnaissance Teams aren't really available to us, even to people with high authority like me."
"For the lack of a better term, those two reconnaissance teams have dedicated their entire lives to aiding the Imperial Production Guild," he continued. "Even if the Imperial Production Guild is destroyed tomorrow, they'll make sure that they're going to die along with it."
"Yikes," Valyr could not help but blurt out. In response, Julian flashed a wry smile at the young man.
"In any case, if you don't have Braum on your friend list, I could help you contact him." Deciding to shift the topic somewhere else, Julian made a suggestion all of a sudden. "After that, I'll tell you the specific locations of the three organizations I mentioned, as well as their ways on contacting them."
"I have him on my friend list," said Valyr as he responded to Julian's first statement. "I'll just ask him about it once I return home."
"Alright then." Nodding, Julian went ahead and shared with Valyr all the information the latter needed to know about the three organizations, may it be their services, their prices, or the limits they have on what information they could retrieve.
… .
"I'll probably come back here tomorrow." Once Julian had made sure that the young man had committed everything he needed to know to memory, it was only then did he allow the young man to leave, bidding each other farewell.
"To forge some equipment in preparation for the inheritance, right?" Hearing Valyr's words, Julian nodded in understanding. "Don't worry. I'll make sure to keep the best private workshop available for you."
"If you could also buy the Wyvern Core for me, I'd highly appreciate it." Thanking Julian for his goodwill, a thought surfaced in his mind all of a sudden, prompting him to talk about it.
"Sure, I don't mind." Julian laughed as he nodded. "I'll have to take around 20 platinum cards from you to make sure you get it tomorrow, though."
"Speaking of which, do you want me to give you the remaining profit from the spear right now? Or do you want me to keep it safe for the meantime?" Mentioning money in his question, Julian decided to ask the young man another question while the latter had yet to leave.
"Hmm… I don't really have much need for the remaining profit for the meantime." Scratching the back of his head as he pondered, Valyr responded to the question. "After all, three platinum cards is plenty enough money for me to feed myself till death."
"That's only applicable if you forgo delicacies," said the man, laughing. "Alright, go leave. I'll see you tomorrow. I still have to prepare my final surprise for you since you won that leader title."
"You've got to be kidding me…" Muttering these words to himself, Valyr shook his head while chuckling, finally leaving the Blacksmith Guild to make his way back to the inn.
"I wonder if Wells decided to look for a couple possible subclasses to take while I was away." Roaming through the streets of Algerie Kingdom at a relaxed pace, Valyr thought to himself that it had been a while since he had taken his time while getting back to the inn.
Though, just as he thought that his day would be uneventful till sunset…
"Uh… excuse me, sir…"
"Do you perhaps have any food to spare?"
Chapter 552: The Young Beggar

For a while, Valyr was left at a loss for words at the sudden question. After all, he was more or less daydreaming while he was making his way back to the inn.
However, the sudden question had brought him back to reality, prompting him to take a look at his current surroundings to get a better idea of what was going on.
Currently, a kid in his early teens stood before him, looking at him with a hopeful expression. Thinking about the words spoken to him earlier, it did not take long for Valyr to figure out that the kid was begging him for food.
Realizing this, Valyr briefly had an urge to ignore the kid and continue making his way back to the inn. After all, he would only incur the disappointment of a few people in their surroundings, something they would undoubtedly forget the following day.
Though, as he looked at his surroundings more, he noticed that a great portion of the people in the area were looking at him and the young man. At first, he wondered why everyone was looking at them, only to then notice that they weren't exactly looking at him.
They were looking at the kid.
'Judging from their faintly disgusted expressions, the kid must have asked others for food as well.' Continuing to look at the people in the area in silence, the gears in Valyr's mind turned. 'And seeing how I'm currently wearing the full Nascent Wyvern Armor, the kid decided to leave me for last, thinking that I'm some sort of young master who'd immediately say no to this kind of request.'
"Hmm." Feeling like he had gotten a good grasp of the current situation, Valyr let out a faint sound, which caused the kid before him to flinch.
However, rather than expect to be ignored or declined by the young man before him, the kid instead received something else.
"I don't really have any food with me at the moment, but if you want, we could grab some food from a nearby restaurant." Saying these words to the kid, Valyr was not surprised that most of the people staying to look at what would happen had shocked reactions on their faces.
Of course, he also wasn't surprised to see some people briefly having looks of pity on their faces, knowing what was going on in their minds.
'Well, whether this may be a scam or not, it still doesn't feel right to ignore a kid like him…' Ignoring what other people in the vicinity were thinking, the young man eventually continued walking, beckoning the kid to follow him.
'Especially with how he reminds me of a certain person.'
…
"Are you sure it's fine for me to eat all of this?" Staring at the multiple platters of food spread out around him, the kid could not stop himself from drooling. However, knowing where all this food came from, he restrained himself, looking at the young man on the opposite side.
"Feel free to dig in." Taking delight at the kid's reaction, Valyr gestured for him to eat to his heart's content. .
With that, it was only then did the kid finally not holding back, proceeding to go through the various foods available in front of him in order.
'I wonder how long it's been since he hasn't eaten.' Watching the kid eat with a satisfied smile on his face, Valyr recounted the things the two of them had done before arriving at the restaurant.
Considering that he was basically bringing a beggar along to eat with him, the young man decided to bring the kid to a bathhouse first, tipping the attendants there extra to make sure that the kid was squeaky clean.
Though, after waiting for a while for the kid to be fully cleaned, the young man eventually changed his mind and decided to get clean himself as well. It was there that he had discovered something gruesome about the kid.
While the kid looked to be 12 to 13 years of age, as the two of them relaxed themselves in one of the bathhouse's many pools, Valyr saw the numerous scars scattered all over the kid's body, some of which overlapped over others.
From what he could see, the only parts of the kid's body that weren't wounded were his head, his forearms, his hands, and his feet. Other than that, his body was riddled with scars that even he did not wish for a full-grown man to have.
After getting out of the bathhouse, the two of them then went to a clothing store, allowing the kid to select the clothing he wanted to wear.
Unsurprisingly, the kid was hesitant at first, feeling like he would have to do something in exchange for it. However, Valyr reassured the kid multiple times that he wouldn't have to do anything for it, which eventually gave the kid courage to buy a few articles of simple clothing.
It was only after going through those places did he and the kid arrive at a restaurant, choosing one that was slightly more lavish than normal.
"So, mind telling me more about who you are and how you got here?" Deciding to finally pick up a few pieces of food for himself, Valyr set up a thin barrier of mana around them as he asked the kid a question.
"Of course, if you're uncomfortable talking about it, pretend as if I've never asked." Seeing as the kid stopped eating just as he had finished asking his question, the young man decided to add on a few words at the end.
"It's not uncomfortable…" The kid shook his head in response, neatly placing his utensils down. "But I have a question."
"Go ahead." Valyr nodded in response.
"Why… are you so nice to… a beggar like me?" the kid asked, prompting Valyr to faintly smile.
"Do I really need to have a reason to help other people out?" asked Valyr back, letting out a chuckle soon after. "Well, if you really want me to give you a reason… it's the fact that someone as young as you is out begging in the streets."
"That…" At those words, the kid wryly smiled as he went silent for a bit. Seeing this, Valyr wondered if he should postpone the conversation to another time.
However, once the kid opened his mouth, that thought swiftly dissipated into thin air.
"My name…" the kid said all of a sudden. "…is Edward Jerome… of the Nicholas clan."
'Ah,' Valyr thought to himself, his mind seemingly on the verge of collapse after hearing the young man's name.
After all, he only knew one being in his past life to have such a name.
'I'm talking to the future Grand Marshal of the Zeihardt Sovereignty.'
Chapter 553: The Future Hotshot

"Sir?" Seeing that the young man in front of him had not responded to anything after he had mentioned his name, the kid stopped what he was about to do for the meantime, deciding to check on the young man out of slight worry and concern.
After all, the young man before him had shown him more grace than any of the other people that had helped him so far.
Unfortunately, with his mind feeling as if it were on the verge of collapse, Valyr's attention was fully focused on the treasure trove of knowledge within his mind. It went without saying that the young man was in the process of rummaging every single memory he had regarding the Grand Marshal of the Zeihardt Sovereignty at that very moment.
To many players during the first version, as well as to a great portion of Veldanyr's human race, the Grand Marshal was basically the human race's greatest mind, as well as its greatest fist.
Being at the peak of Rank 6, he became the leader of almost every skirmish the human race had fought during the War of the Three Sovereignties, only intervening whenever the battle had turned into one that involved Rank 6 beings.
Then again, behind the grandeur of the strongest and smartest being to ever lead the human race during the war, the Grand Marshal had a past that many would find unsavory.
Bringing up everything he knew about the Grand Marshal's past in mind, Valyr decided to find out for himself if the young kid before him was truly the person he knew from his past life.
"Apologies. I was reminded about something." Speaking all of a sudden, the young man apologetically smiled to the kid, who was surprised by his abrupt change in demeanor. "Anyways, you mentioned that you were from the Nicholas clan?"
"Yes… that would be correct…" Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief, the kid returned to his seat as he nodded in response. "However, I'm not truly a part of the Nicholas clan."
"What do you mean by that?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity while asking the question, Valyr focused on a certain thought he had brought up earlier, wondering if the kid before him would respond with something similar.
"I'm… uh…" Waiting for the kid to answer, the young man watched as the boy squirmed a bit, twiddling his thumbs as he seemed to hesitate. Thankfully, after hesitating for a couple of minutes, the kid finally made up his mind.
"I'm… a slave of the Nicholas clan." With an incredibly glum expression, the kid said these words as he closed his eyes. In his mind, he thought that the opinion of the young man before him would change from these words.
In his mind, he expected the young man to now consider him as the lowest of the low.
Yet, unexpectedly for him, nothing of the sort happened.
"So… does that mean you don't have a surname?" With Valyr being more used to treating everyone he met as an equal, the thought of the kid before him being a slave only briefly flashed in mind. If anything, all he thought about it was the fact that the kid's words lined up with the thought he brought up.
"Eh?" Of course, Valyr's obliviousness towards the kid's status surprised the latter. "You're not angry?"
"Why would I get angry?" Valyr looked at the kid with a slightly raised eyebrow. "You haven't really done anything wrong, though?"
"Eh?" At this point, the kid did not know how to react. "But… I was told…"
"I have no clue as to what your master might have told you." Hearing the kid's words, the young man let out a sigh. "But I really have no reason to get mad at you… unless if you don't finish the food I ordered for you."
"Ah…" Though he was still confused as he was expecting to be brought back to the Nicholas clan one way or another, the kid still followed the young man's order, albeit reluctantly.
"Did your master tell you that any person you might across would bring you back to the clan no matter what or something?" Finding the kid's reaction somewhat odd, Valyr decided to inquire about it after some time.
"Yes…" Taking a few small bites of the food, the kid slightly shuddered at the question before eventually nodding. "Master said that as long as anyone found out I was a slave, I'd be returned to the Nicholas clan…"
"Are you going to bring me back, sir?" As the kid asked this question, tears began to well up around his eyes. From the looks of it, he was already thinking about the worst-case scenario.
"Why would I?" However, Valyr had no plans of doing such thing, especially now that he had become somewhat certain that he was talking to a future hotshot. "I do not owe the Nicholas clan a favor, nor do I know anyone from the Nicholas clan at all."
"Moving the topic aside for now, let's return to the question I asked you earlier," continued the young man. "Do you have a surname?"
"Master said that as long as I was under the Nicholas clan, I wasn't allowed to use my surname…" muttered the kid, giving Valyr the answer he wanted in a roundabout way.
"In other words, you do have a surname." Feeling like the kid in front of him would mention his master at every answer, Valyr decided to move onto the next question. "Between Edward and Jerome, what would you like me to call you?"
"Master usually calls me Jerome…" Looking down at the floor, the kid twiddled his thumbs. "But… it would be… it would be nice if I was called Edward…"
"Edward, huh." At those words, Valyr gave the kid a faint grin. "Alright, I'll call you Edward, then."
"How… how about you, sir?" Taking delight at being called by his first name, Edward gained the courage to ask back. "What should I call you…?"
"You can call me Valyr," the young man replied, thinking that it would be better for him to use his true identity.
"Valyr…" muttered Edward to himself a couple of times, as if committing the name to memory. Though, after a while, a thought popped up in the kid's mind.
"Valyr… are you perhaps the one Master usually mentioned?" asked Edward not long after. "Valyr… Valyr Zeihardt… was it?"
"Perhaps." Not wanting to give the kid a definite answer, Valyr let out a chuckle, infusing more mana into the barrier around them for safe measure. "Anyways, Edward. If you don't mind me asking, could you perhaps tell me how you ended up at the streets of Algerie?"
"Well…" Though he was still wary earlier, Edward's anxiousness in being brought back to the Nicholas clan slightly disappeared when he found out that the young man who aided him was possibly a member of the Zeihardt clan.
After all, as far as he knew, the Zeihardt clan was a stronger clan that the Nicholas clan.
With that in mind, he began to narrate to Valyr his life within the Nicholas clan, making sure not to miss even a single detail. While the way the kid explained it was somewhat slow, the young man allowed the kid to take his time, even going so far as to order a few more dishes while he was in the middle of his narration.
In fact, by the time Edward was done with his narration, there was only an hour or so before sunset. Whether it was because the young man felt like they had already stayed at the restaurant for too long, or the fact that he and Edward had already more than eaten their fill, the two of them left the restaurant after Valyr paid their bill.
"Well, that was a nice meal, don't you think?" Walking through the streets of Algerie beside Edward for a while to digest what they had eaten, Valyr eventually asked this question to the kid.
"It was…" Though he nodded in agreement to the question, a glum expression appeared on Edward's face in response. "Are we… are we parting ways here?"
"Normally, that would be the case." Hearing these words from Valyr, Edward instantly thought that he would have to return to begging on the streets to live, prompting him to wonder whether what had happened earlier was a dream. .
However…
"But considering your current situation, I can't really just leave you alone now, could I?" As Valyr said these words with a chuckle, tears started to well up around Edward's eyes once more. Then, before the young man could comment on the kid's tears, the latter gave the former a tight hug.
"…haah." Slightly surprised by the kid's actions, Valyr eventually had an idea of what was going on, smiling as he faintly caressed the kid's head. Allowing the kid to hug him for as long as he wanted, Edward eventually let go after a few minutes, dried up tears staining his face.
"Let's head back, shall we?" Asking this question to the young kid, Valyr could only smile wider as Edward tightly gripped onto his hand in response. With that, the two of them eventually made their way back to the inn, just as the sun was about to set.
Chapter 554: Asking For Help

"I guess you treated yourself to quite a nice meal, huh? Considering you decided to grab all of my money?" Hearing the door leading to their room being opened, Wells began to voice out his complaints as he made his way to the main area.
Though, just as he was about to continue, his next words got stuck in his throat, glancing at the kid that accompanied Valyr with widened eyes.
"Valyr…" Swiftly hiding the surprise that was on his face earlier, the young man looked at his friend with a calm expression. "Who did you bring along?" inrea.o
"It's a long story." Bitterly smiling as he had expected such a reaction, Valyr told Edward, who was hiding behind him, to make himself comfortable for the meantime.
Thankfully, with how he had let the kid's guard down around him, Edward eventually followed, giving Wells a bow as he made his way towards the living area sofa.
"Mind if you come with me for a bit?" Smiling as he looked at Edward for a bit, Valyr eventually focused his attention on his good friend. After that, he made his way to his part of the room, leaving no choice for Wells but to follow.
"So… can you finally tell me more about the kid?" Once he had arrived at Valyr's part of the room, Wells was faintly surprised after the young man had cast a barrier of mana around them all of a sudden. Though, after seeing the serious expression on his friend's face, the man immediately knew what to do.
"I'll definitely tell you what you need to know." Valyr nodded. "But first…"
At those words, the young man rummaged through his pockets, revealing to Wells his money pouch. After that, he had grabbed a platinum card from his pouch and gave it to the man before him.
"Consider this my apology for grabbing your money while you were asleep," said Valyr to a Wells that had his widened eyes fixated on the platinum card.
In Wells' mind, he thought that he would obtain the exact amount of money Valyr had borrowed from him after the latter had revealed his money pouch. To him, that was more than enough since he was more interested in the kid his friend had brought along.
However, when his good friend had given him a platinum card, it was no surprise that he was left at a loss for words. After all, what Valyr borrowed from him was a dozen gold coins at most.
In comparison, a platinum card was equal to almost a thousand times that!
Asking Valyr as to how he gotten such an obscene amount of money all of a sudden, the young man's curiosity was piqued when Valyr told him that he finally gotten some of his equipment sold.
Then again, when the latter mentioned that he had earned over 30 platinum cards' worth of profit from his equipment, Wells was left at a loss for words once more.
'And here I thought the money we earned from the smithy back in Clossbay was a lot already…' With this thought in mind, the young man let out a sigh, deciding not to think about it anymore.
With that, he returned the topic of their conversation to the kid, prompting Valyr to go a bit into detail about Edward's backstory.
At first, Wells raised his eyebrow in interest after hearing that Edward was actually a slave of a noble clan. After all, as part of a noble family himself, he knew that clans and families had a fleet of servants they could order at every beck and call.
With that, it came as a slight surprise for him to find out that the kid was basically one rank below that.
Though, as Valyr explained more and more about how the kid ended up following him, Wells gradually ended up feeling more and more sorry for the kid. By the end of it, he did not have any problems with having the kid stay with them for the meantime, telling Valyr that he had made the right choice.
With their conversation over, Valyr dispelled the barrier surrounding the two of them as he thought about checking up on Edward. After all, with how many things the young man had exposed him throughout the day so far, it wouldn't be surprising for the kid to be sitting with back straight at the sofa, considering he was in a foreign place.
Fortunately, whether it was from exhaustion or the feeling of having gotten used to the place, the young man was instead greeted by the kid soundly sleeping on the sofa while he was curled up.
For a while, he thought about having the kid sleep on his bed for the day and then buy him a bed of his own tomorrow. In the end, he decided to leave him be for now, thinking that this might be the first time for Edward to get some good rest.
With that, Valyr and Wells left Edward be, deciding to grab a meal from a nearby restaurant as they talked about a couple things. Unsurprisingly, the topic of their conversation was Wells' subclass, with the man asking Valyr if the subclass the latter had recommended to him would be a good fit.
"I'll have to check again tomorrow," replied Valyr with an apologetic smile, explaining to his friend what he had been doing for most of the day. Because of that, Wells got mad at him, only for that anger to all disappear once Valyr bought him more food.
"For now, you should probably head to the Spearman Guild and get registered." Seeing that his friend had somewhat forgiven him, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he said something that piqued Wells' interest. "You haven't registered with them yet, right?"
"Nope." Taking a bite of the food Valyr bought him, Wells shook his head. "With how I've been using most of my time on [Technique Introspection], how could I have the time?"
"Well, set some time tomorrow to head to the Spearman Guild," said Valyr in response, to which his friend nodded. "I know a couple people there who'll help you with the process."
At those words, Valyr sent a message to Noel through the chat function, informing the latter of Wells. Naturally, to entice the old man's interest, he added on the fact that Wells was the proud owner of a Legendary spearman class.
Seeing that the old man had taken the bait after a while, a smile unknowingly crept up onto Valyr's lips as he continued his conversation with Wells, moving onto other topics to pass the time. At some point, they even talked about their plans regarding the orc outbreak.
By the time the two of them were done, the moon had already become part of the night sky. Returning to the inn, the two of them headed to their respective parts of the room after making sure that Edward was in a comfortable position.
Though, before the two of them truly separated ways…
Ding!
[You have added Wells Anadhar (Lvl. 25) as a friend.]
"I'm surprised we haven't done this ever since we went on that journey back then," said Wells, with Valyr nodding in agreement.
With nothing else left to do, the two of them finally headed to their beds, with Valyr lying down on his bed as he thought about the story Edward had told him.
"To think that a kid would go through something like that…" Muttering these words to himself, the young man let out a long sigh. Then, after a bit of silence, a thought popped into his mind, sending a message to a certain someone through the chat function.
"Hey, Julian."
"Mind if I disturb you for a bit?"
Chapter 555: A Bit Of Getting Used To

'Well, that conversation took longer than I thought.' Getting out of bed, Valyr looked out of the window for a bit as he gave his mind time to become fully alert. While doing so, he thought a bit about what he had done before falling asleep.
'Hopefully, Julian has some good news to share.' Letting out a faint sigh as it was the start of another day, Valyr soon made his way to the main living area to start his usual morning routine.
Though, just as he was about to take a shower, the young man was greeted by the sight of Edward tidying up the place.
"Ah… good morning…" Hearing footsteps come from another part of the room, the kid looked in the sound's direction to see who it was. After seeing that it was Valyr, a hint of fear briefly appeared on his face as he soon forced a slight smile.
"Good morning." Nodding back in response, the young man decided not to think much about it for the meantime, leaving the kid be as he went through every step of his routine.
…
"Ahh… I feel refreshed." Putting on a fresh set of clothes after patting himself dry, Valyr let out a faint sigh of relief. Though he had been doing this almost every day, the number of times he could savor the peace that came along with it was something he could still count on his two hands.
"I wonder what Edward's doing?" Placing his bath towel in his room to dry, the young man slowly made his way back to the main living area to get some rest. While doing so, he thought about the kid he had saved yesterday, who had made himself busy while he was going through his routine.
Expecting the kid to still be busying himself by doing a few mundane tasks, it went without saying that Valyr was left at a loss for words when he saw Edward kneel on the floor with his head down.
"…" Scratching the back of his head, the young man let out a low sigh once he gained an idea as to what was going on. "Get up."
"My apologies… I didn't…" With how he had lived so far still being ingrained deep within him, Edward took the young man's words as a shock, standing up as he explained himself. "I unknowingly fell asleep… and…"
"You don't have to explain yourself." Though, once he heard these words come out of the young man's mouth, the kid thought that everything was over for him, falling silent as he listened.
"In fact, I was expecting you to rest up for a bit more." However, rather than be kicked out of the room just like he had thought, the young man before him said something that was entirely foreign to him. Well, to be more specific, something he hadn't heard from a noble before.
"I… felt like I had to make myself useful…" Shifting his perspective of the young man for a bit, it took a while for the kid to answer back. "After all… you've already helped me out a lot…"
"Don't be too hard on yourself," replied Valyr, ruffling the kid's hair with a soft smile. "Have you taken a shower yet?"
"I…" At first, Edward was going to say that he wasn't allowed to take a shower. Though, after reminding himself that he wasn't with his master anymore, he changed his response. "I… haven't…"
"Go take a shower, then." Valyr nodded. "I'll get us some food for breakfast."
"But…" Hearing the young man's words, a shocked expression flashed on Edward's face. After all, as far as he knew, all nobles had their servants prepare their food for them.
"Okay…" Thankfully, as if everything had finally clicked in his mind, Edward understood that he wasn't dealing any normal noble. In fact, to make it easier for himself to understand, he thought of Valyr as a kind yet weird noble.
With that in mind, it was only then did Edward finally head to the bathroom, to which Valyr let out a low sigh as he watched the former's silhouette disappear. "He's probably going to take a long time to get used to this."
"Well, he did live most of his life so far as a noble clan's slave, after all. Cut the kid some slack." Surprisingly, a voice responded to his words, prompting him to find out that Wells had woken up.
"Wells…" Staring at his friend for a bit, Valyr eventually let out a soft sigh. "I guess I have been forcing him to change too quickly."
"Just let nature take its course," said Wells in response. "In due time, it'll be as if the young man had never been a slave to begin with."
"I sure hope so." At those words, the young man could only nod.
"You planning to head out somewhere?" asked his friend not long after, staring at Valyr's get-up.
"I'm gonna head to the Blacksmith Guild to forge some stuff." Valyr nodded, heading to his room as he almost forgot to wear his Nascent Wyvern Armor. "Though, I was planning to get some breakfast first for all three of us." .
"I could take care of that for you," said Wells, prompting Valyr to look at him with a slightly surprised expression. "What?"
"You know… you don't strike me as the guy who could do things on his own," replied Valyr, to which his friend responded by giving him a jab on the shoulder.
"Leave off. I could very well do things on my own, thank you very much." Saying these words, Wells looked at his good friend with a frown, only to let out a bit of laughter not long after. "In any case, I'll grab breakfast for me and Edward. You could head to the guild now if you want… unless you want to join us for breakfast?"
"I'll probably be in the guild for a very long time this time around, so I might just grab some food along the way." Apologetically smiling in response, Valyr looked at his friend. "Don't forget to head to the Spearman Guild later, okay?"
"I won't." Wells nodded back. "How about Edward, though? Will he just stay here?"
"Hmm…" Rubbing his chin for a bit, the young man eventually got an idea. "If you could accompany him to the Experience Pit, that would be nice."
"That works." Though he did not know why his friend wanted the kid to go there, Wells would make sure it would happen.
"I'll be heading off, then." After talking with Wells for a bit more, only then did the young man finally leave the inn, making his way to the Blacksmith Guild just as the sun was in the midst of rising. While making his way there, a thought popped up in his mind.
'Hmm…'
'That's actually not a bad idea.'
Chapter 556: Utilizing Connections

"Here's that Wyvern Core you asked me to buy." With the conversation that ensued between him and Julian yesterday, by the time Valyr had arrived at the Blacksmith Guild, he was swiftly escorted to a private workshop by one of the guild's attendants.
Once there, he met up with Julian, who gave him a simple-looking box the very instant they met.
"Oh, right. Give me your identification badge as well." Thanking the man for buying what he needed, Valyr was about to head deeper into the private workshop, only for Julian to request something else from him. Though confused at first, the young man eventually did what he was told, giving his badge to the man.
"What do you need my identification badge for?" asked Valyr as he took a look at the workshop he was working with. Compared to the previous workshop he had worked at, the equipment currently within the workshop looked to be more up to date.
"Remember what I told you yesterday? The final surprise thing?" Taking a look to see if there was any other equipment within the workshop that he might have missed, Valyr soon heard this question come out of Julian's mouth.
"Yeah. Your badge has something to do with it." As he nodded in response, the young man quickly came up with a couple ideas as to what the man needed his badge for. Fortunately, the latter's next words were more than enough to confirm his suspicion, causing him to scratch the back of his head.
"What rank is it this time?" questioned Valyr, feeling like he had now gotten a good grasp of the equipment he would be working with.
"Not much of an increase unlike before," replied Julian as he slipped the young man's badge into one of his pockets. "I'll just be moving you to the Honorary Lesser Elder rank."
"Any higher than that, and I'll have to explain to the other directors of the Blacksmith Guild that my decisions are for the benefit of the guild," added the man, prompting Valyr to let out a bit of laughter.
"Well then. If that's the case, let me thank you in advance." Placing the box he had gotten from Julian on an anvil, Valyr looked at the man before him as he decided to shift the topic. .
"Moving that aside for the meantime, recall the small conversation I had with you last night?" asked the young man, which caused Julian's expression to become serious.
"The one regarding the Nicholas clan's young slave, right?" said Julian back, to which Valyr nodded.
"I've already looked into it." As Julian said these words, the young man raised his eyebrows in slight surprise, not expecting the man to move so quickly. "I've even had the Nine Stars Pavilion and a couple individual information gatherers look into it."
"Using your money, of course." Though, just as the young man felt awe at Julian's efficiency in completing tasks, his mood instantly soured once he heard the man's next words.
'Then again, it wouldn't make sense for him to be using the guild's funds to do it anyway.' Thankfully, he only took it as a small sacrifice towards something larger. After all, the kid would eventually grow up to become the Grand Marshal of the Zeihardt Sovereignty.
"So, what did you find out?" Feeling slightly apologetic towards the man as Julian told him that he was the one who footed the expenses soon after, the young man decided to push the thought aside for the meantime, focusing his attention towards what was more important.
"On one hand, the Nicholas clan doesn't really care too much about him." Hearing these words from Julian, Valyr could only listen attentively. "After all, he's just a slave to a large noble clan. Higher ranking servants disappear more often than those with his status."
"However…"
"However… what?" Finding out that there was another side to it, Valyr's curiosity was piqued.
"A specific member of the clan's younger generation wants him to return to the clan no matter what," said Julian in response, prompting the young man to conclude that this person was undoubtedly Edward's master.
"Did they find out the reason why?" asked Valyr in response.
"There was no reason given." Letting out a sigh, Julian faintly shook his head. "That person was adamant in not giving out the reason."
'I have a feeling as to why,' thought Valyr to himself as he inwardly smirked. With how the young man recalled all of the feats and achievements Edward had done in the past, as well as the fact that the kid had shared his life story to him, it went without saying that he had a solid idea as to why that member of the Nicholas clan wanted Edward to return.
"How about information on setting him free?" Pondering over his previous thoughts for a bit longer, the young man eventually moved onto what he considered was the most important portion of their topic.
"Though that member was adamant that he wouldn't be sold no matter what, the entire Nicholas clan was fine with voiding the contract for the young slave…" said Julian, which instantly brightened Valyr's mood.
"…for a price, of course."
"How much are they asking?" At these words, Valyr already thought about the possible price the clan wanted him to fork out. To him, it wouldn't be surprising for them to request an amount that even class guilds would even have difficulty gathering.
Fortunately…
"They said one platinum card was more than enough payment." Hearing Julian say these words, the young man was briefly left speechless, realizing not long after that aside from that one member from the clan, only he knew what was special about Edward.
"Well, to be honest, they thought that paying one platinum card for a kid was too much, even though you insisted that was a fair amount. Because they felt a bit bad about receiving so much for basically nothing, they plan on nullifying the contracts of his parents as well," added Julian soon after, which brought a wide smile to Valyr's face.
"I'm guessing I'll have to send a platinum card to the Nicholas clan, then?" Seeing that the young man seemed to be frozen with glee, Julian decided to ask the question himself, to which Valyr profusely nodded in agreement.
"I'll definitely make it up to you in the future," replied Valyr, feeling a hint of guilt at the fact that he was basically turning Julian into a helper of sorts. Thankfully, the latter did not mind it too much, telling the young man that he was doing it for the sake of giving a kid a better future.
After talking a bit more about a couple of things, Valyr was eventually left on his own within the workshop, prompting him to take in a few deep breaths. Organizing the thoughts in his mind, the young man eventually thought about the other items he would need to upgrade his Nascent Wyvern Armor to the next tier, which was his first agenda for the day.
"Julian told me before he left that I could just buy items from the guild as long as I send a message to an attendant." Muttering these words to himself, the young man eventually found the item Julian had mentioned that would allow him to call for an attendant.
Infusing a bit of mana into it, an attendant arrived at the entrance of his workshop a few minutes later, asking him what he needed their services for. In response, Valyr listed down a great number of materials that made even the attendant's eyes widen in surprise.
Thankfully, the attendant did not ask him what he planned to do with the materials, instead giving the young man a price after a bit of silence.
After clarifying the final price of all the materials he requested for, considering his rank within the guild, Valyr was left on his own once more after the attendant assured him that all of the items he had requested would arrive within an hour or so.
"I guess I should do the next agenda on my list, seeing that I have all this time to kill." Returning to the center of the workshop, Valyr gazed at the box he had received for a bit before opening up his chat function. Once open, he then selected a certain person he wanted to talk to, sending them a message.
"Hey, Braum. Are you free at the moment?"
"Been a long time since we talked." Waiting for a couple minutes, Valyr eventually received a message from the person he contacted, looking at the response with a faint smile. "Anyways, I'm not really doing anything at the moment. What's up?"
"I've heard from a certain person that you specialize in information gathering." Pondering over how he would phrase his message multiple times to make it not seem suspicious, the young man eventually responded. "Could you retrieve some information for me?"
"…you know, your message sounds like you're asking for some illegal information." Unfortunately, no matter what he did, his message still looked suspicious…
Which Braum didn't mind.
"But that's just how you type sometimes, so eh." Reading this message from Braum, Valyr could not help but wryly smile. "Do note that I charge a fee for retrieving information. After all, I'm taking a few risks here and there."
"But of course." Valyr nodded as he sent his response back.
"So, what kind of information do you need?" Seeing this message pop up on the screen, the young man thought about how he would phrase his response once more. Though, at some point, he gave up on the thought, considering that however he phrased it would be understood by its recipient anyway.
"I need you to get me information on the entire Zeihardt clan."
"The hierarchy, the members, the news surrounding about them…"
"Everything."
Chapter 557: Time And Effort

"Everything, huh?" For a while, Braum did not give the young man a response back. After all, the man had to think about what Valyr meant by the word' everything'.
"It'll be a while before I could get every piece of important information you might want on the Zeihardt clan. Is that fine with you?" Though, eventually, the man had sent a message back to the young man, to which the latter responded that it was expected of him to wait.
With how large the Zeihardt clan was, from what Julian had mentioned to him, Valyr was not surprised to obtain such an answer from him.
"Then again, I do have general information on the Zeihardt clan on hand." However, just as the young man thought that the two of them would now discuss the pricing of the information, Braum instead sent him quite the surprising message. "If you want, I could give that to you first while you wait for everything else."
"How much would it cost?" asked Valyr in a message, which Braum responded to near instantly. For some reason, while reading the latter's message, the young man could hear the man letting out a bit of laughter.
"Consider it as a favor," replied Braum. "After all, you promised to forge me an armor set, right?"
'And here I thought he'd forget.' Reading through the man's message, a wry smile adorned Valyr's face.
Mulling over it for a bit in silence, he eventually let out a low sigh, thinking that it was not a bad trade-off. After all, even general information on the Zeihardt clan would help him out a lot, right?
"How much would it cost for the information I'm requesting, then?" Drafting up plans in his mind on what kind of armor set he was going to forge, the young man eventually shifted their topic to payment.
"Taking into consideration the amount of time and effort it'll take me to gather your information…" Seeing these words pop up on the screen before him, Valyr prayed to the heavens that the cost was reasonable.
Thankfully, it was.
"Would three platinum cards be fine with you?" Reading this question from Braum as it popped up on his chat screen, the young man let out a long sigh of relief, thankful that he wasn't forced to forge another set of equipment to sell.
With that, Valyr responded that the price was fine with him, prompting the two of them to discuss about the incredibly specific information he wanted Braum to obtain about the Zeihardt clan.
"How long would it take you to get all of this information?" After the two of them had made a compromise, the young man shifted the topic once more, this time discussing the amount time it would take for Braum to complete it.
Though he was fine with obtaining the information after the inheritance, Valyr wanted to at least clear up his list of tasks a bit before he had to enter the inheritance. After all, such thoughts would continue to linger in his mind in the inheritance as long as they were incomplete. .
"Frankly, it'll take a few months at the very least to obtain all of the information you want." At these words, a wry smile adorned Valyr's face once more. "Aside from the fact that some of them are not so easily obtainable, I'm also the leader of the Imperial Production Guild's 3rd Reconnaissance Team. As a leader, I also have a lot of duties to fulfill."
"However, I could obtain a couple of the more important information and send it to you before you enter the Four Pillars' Inheritance." Though, once he had come across this message, the young man's expression underwent a 180 degree turn, turning into that of surprise and delight.
"That'd definitely be great." Sending a message back filled with his sincere gratitude, the two of them talked about other aspects of the deal for a bit more, such as where they would meet up and where the payment would be sent.
After that was done, the two of them finally ended their conversation, with Braum reminding the young man about the armor set one last time.
"Welp. I guess that's one more task to add to the list." Letting out a faint sigh as he closed the screen before him, the young man brought up the plans he had been drafting earlier to the surface of his mind, thinking about which one Braum would prefer among them.
'Thankfully, he gave me a few hints.' Then again, it did not take long for him to find the armor set idea that would suit the man, tweaking a few things with it here and there to make it a better fit.
"Now that I think about it, I should really check out the guild's blueprint archives." Utilizing his blueprint creation skill to make the armor set a reality, a thought popped up into the young man's mind.
"Hmm… I'll ask Julian if I could take a look once I start experimenting." Making sure that there were no issues regarding the armor set, he then thought about the idea he had earlier while making his way to the Blacksmith Guild.
"Guess I'll forge Wells' spear at the same time, then," said the young man to himself, recalling the spear his friend wielded.
Though it wasn't a bad spear by any means, the young man felt a bit guilty at the fact that his friend remained stuck with it, even though he had the capabilities to forge better ones.
Deciding to go with the blueprint he used for the spear that was sold in the auction for Wells' spear, the young man called for another attendant, telling them all of the things he would need to forge Braum's armor set and his friend's new spear.
Fortunately, unlike the materials he had requested for his armor, the materials to forge their equipment had arrived within a few minutes. With that, the drive to forge was ignited within Valyr in an instant, firing up the furnace as he decided to forge the spear first.
"Hmm…" Just as he chucked in the metal he would use for the spear tip into the furnace, a question popped up into the young man's mind.
"Should I forge a weapon for Edward as well?"
Chapter 558: Yet Another Forging Session

Pondering over the question for a bit more, the young man decided to bring up his past memories about the kid to obtain his answer.
As the Grand Marshal of the Zeihardt Sovereignty in his previous life, it went without saying that Edward had obtained that position due to his superb talent in combat. Whether it was the blade, the fist, the arcane arts, it seemed like the man knew how to wield all of them to a great degree, making him an inspiration for many people.
However, to make such a talent bloom in the first place, the amount of time and effort he had put into it was not to be underestimated either.
Rummaging through a few more of the memories he had about the past Edward, the young man eventually arrived at the one he wanted, which pertained to the first weapon Edward had picked up.
"Listen up, Edward. As long as you put in everything into learning the sword, the sword shall never betray you." Hearing voices being spoken as if he were in that situation, Valyr watched an instructor teach the young Edward from his past life the art of the sword, going in-depth through the weapon's basic movements.
Then, moving onto another memory, he watched the young Edward spar with his instructor after his foundation in the sword had been solidified, allowing him to defend against his instructor's attacks with relative ease.
Moving onto yet another memory, the young Edward seemed to have understood a concept regarding the sword, causing his sword to become unrivaled as his journey to becoming a Grand Marshal began.
"The sword, huh." Returning his mind back to reality, the young man had a satisfied smile on his face, thinking about how Edward was now part of their small group. With his plans to create an organization in the future that both NPCs and players would flock towards, such a powerful being in that organization would definitely make it easier. .
But of course, he had no plans of making the kid work to the bone or do something along those lines to achieve such goals. If anything, he considered meeting the kid a fortuitous encounter. To him, he was just something that would speed up his plans in the future, a bonus of sorts.
After all, his plan from the start was to do everything on his own.
Then again, with the people he had met in his journey so far…
Such a thought was beginning to change.
"I should probably leave the idea be for the meantime." Pondering over it for a bit more, the young man recalled the conversation he and Wells had before he left. "I'll start working on it once Edward and Wells return from the Experience Pit."
"Of course, I wouldn't be surprised if he still picks up the sword this time around." Letting out a chuckle, the young man took a look at the material he had put into the furnace. Seeing that it had reached its optimal temperature, Valyr went ahead and took it out, placing it gently onto the anvil.
"[Breath of Calm]." Retrieving the Hammer of Beginnings from his spatial bracelet, the young man willed the energy within the hammer to charge, making it give off the feeling of tranquility.
"Alright, time to begin." Then, raising the hammer up above his head, he swung it down onto the hot metal with great force, beginning the forging process of Wells' spear.
…
For a couple of hours, the young man had focused almost all of his attention onto refining the spear tip's shape, ignoring the monotonous sound that resounded throughout the room as he frequently switched between the furnace and the anvil.
With how much time he had taken in refining its shape, what was initially a piece of metal in the shape of a spear tip now looked like a spear tip that even veteran blacksmiths would look at with awe. Though, just as he had become satisfied with the tip's general shape…
"[True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight]."
"[Hunter's Tracking Eyes]."
Whoosh!
Without hesitation, the young man activated two skills at once, both of which allowed him to peer into his craft's imperfections at a deeper level.
Then, seeing that there were a few areas that did not look right under his new vision, he put in more effort into making sure everything seemed perfect, putting in a few more hours of work into it.
"Alright…" By the time the sun had already gone past its zenith, only then did the young man deactivate both skills, wiping off the sweat from his forehead as he raised up the spear tip with a pair of tongs. Allowing the sunlight to bounce off the spear tip's surface, Valyr briefly felt like he was watching a light display with how smooth the surface of the spear tip was.
"Time to make the shaft…" Satisfied with how the most important part of the spear had turned it, the young man placed it to the side for the meantime, focusing his attention on the other part that made the spear what it was.
"After a quick break." However, at that moment, the young man felt the pangs of hunger, prompting him to finally realize the amount of time that had passed since he began. Bitterly smiling in response to the feeling, the young man headed out of the Blacksmith Guild for a bit to grab a hearty meal, giving his body and mind the time it needed to recover.
"It seems my body wants to eat a bit more." Returning to the workshop he was working at, the young man let out a low sigh, only to let out a chuckle as he heard his stomach make a faint rumble.
Knowing very well that stuffing himself with food would hamper him in the forging process, he inwardly apologized to his body for the meantime as he returned to completing Wells' spear.
…
Unlike the spear tip, Valyr did not take long to make the spear shaft, finishing it within 45 minutes or so.
With its purpose mostly being to act as a grip for the wielder, the young man made sure that the material he used for the shaft was firm and robust, while at the same time being slightly flexible. After that, he put the material into a few treatment processes to improve its strength, carving it into a shaft only after he was done with all of them.
"Time to put the two together." After he had finished making the shaft, the young man placed the spear tip onto one of the ends, tapping it in place with a rubber mallet. Then, to make sure that the tip wouldn't fly away, he then wrapped the part connecting the two with string coated in strong adhesive.
"And… done."
Ding!
Chapter 559: Pushing One’s Self

[You have successfully forged the item: Refined Halberd of Great Beginnings. The quality of the item has been rated at Exceptional.]
As a notification sound echoed throughout his mind, the young man went ahead and threw the spear he had just forged into the air and nodded in satisfaction. Moving a bit away from the anvil, he then did a few basic movements with it, also feeling great satisfaction with it in that regard.
"The weight of the spear is just right," said the young man to himself with a nod. "The balance of the spear is great as well."
"Definitely a massive upgrade compared to the metal spear he's been using." At these words, the young man activated [Greater Analysis] without hesitation, nodding every once in a while as he read through its description.
"[True Prodigious Equipment Attribute Awakening]." Then, once he was done reading through it, Valyr closed the screen in front of him before infusing the spear with his mana to awaken its attributes.
Thanks to his other forging skills being upgraded to their very limits, it did not take long for the young man to obtain the result he wanted, which was an awakening of all three attributes at their highest scaling.
After all, since he wanted his friend to get the best weapon he could possibly craft at the moment, he was going to make sure he went all out in every aspect.
"Now, let's take a look at it in its full glory." Once he had enhanced the spear to the current level Wells was at, the young man activated [Greater Analysis] once again, smiling with glee as he looked at the fruits of his labor.
Ding!
bdel.o
[(+10) Refined Halberd of Great Beginnings] (Lv. 25)
Rarity: Epic+
Attack: 802 - 1,337
Forge Quality: Exceptional
Additional Attributes:
> STR + 54
> AGI + 66
> DEX + 105
Though it might look like a simple spear based on its exterior, the materials used in the creation of this spear have been awakened by an incredibly prodigious blacksmith to the fullest, squeezing out every ounce of latent potential that slumbered within it.
With the blacksmith putting all of his focus and care into the creation of this spear, imbuing the properties of the artifact 'Hammer of Beginnings' into it, this spear achieves a level of strength that only a few could match, most of which are weapons that originate from the oldest of legends.
<Innate Skill 1: Azure Cross - Allows the user to attack in a horizontal arc, dealing damage equivalent to 250% of the user's Attack stat. Has an incredibly small chance to deal triple damage. Cooldown: 2 minutes. Cost: 3,000 MP.>
<Innate Skill 2: Ignited Vigor - Increases the user's Attack stat by 8%>
Remarks: The entire world would go on a massacre just to get their hands on such a weapon.
"I'm certain Wells will be ecstatic to get his hands on it once he sees this." Letting out a slight chuckle as he briefly thought about what-ifs, Valyr went ahead and wrapped the finished spear in a thick fabric.
Then, once he was sure that the fabric wouldn't unfurl at any moment, he placed the spear to the side for the meantime, focusing his thoughts on the next piece of equipment he was going to forge.
"Braum's armor set..." Just as he muttered these words to himself, an attendant inadvertently interrupted his train of thought, informing him that the materials he had ordered beforehand had finally arrived.
Though he let out a faint sigh in response to the interruption, the young man received the materials nevertheless. After all, these materials were practically the most important materials he had obtained from the guild out of the bunch.
'As well as the most expensive.' Moving all of the materials he had received for the meantime, the young man headed back to the anvil as he returned to his initial train of thought.
"I guess it would make sense for me to use [Breath of Earth] on this one." Even though he already a general idea of how he was going to forge the armor set, there were still a couple of things Valyr could modify about it.
With such a thought in mind, he decided to focus on improving the armor set's defense while still making it lightweight, relying on the element of Earth to achieve such a feat.
"[Breath of Earth]." As the energy being emanated by his hammer changed to feel like one was looking at a massive mountain, the young man started the forging process for Braum's armor by chucking in the materials he needed to hammer into the furnace.
"I'll start with the pauldrons and the vambraces first." Planning out how he was going to go through the entire armor set, the young man allowed the thoughts in his mind to linger as he waited for the items in the furnace to reach their optimal temperature.
"After that would be the greaves and the chestplate." Valyr nodded to himself, the expression on his face exuding great determination. "And then, I'll save the helmet and the boots for last."
"I wonder how long it'll take me to finish all of these pieces?" Asking this question to himself, the young man let out a bit of laughter as he thought about the buffs he had gained that were related to reducing forging time.
"I guess half a day, tops," said the young man, confident that he would be able to pull such a feat off.
However, as if the world wanted to play a prank on him...
It took him more than double that time.
...
"Hello?" Making his way deeper into the Blacksmith Guild, Braum scratched the back of his head as he wondered where Valyr was. After all, he and the young man agreed that the two of them would meet up at the guild's entrance early in the morning...
Yet the latter was nowhere to be found.
"Valyr? Are you there?" Feeling a bit of concern for Valyr, the man inwardly let out a sigh of relief once he noticed a familiar face taking a rest in one of the guild's private workshops. However, as he took a closer look, his expression turned into worry, dashing towards the young man he had just seen.
"Valyr!"
Chapter 560: Birth Of The Aegis

"Va... lyr!"
"Valyr... wake... up...!"
"Wake up, Valyr!"
"Mngh..." Letting out a groan as he gradually regained consciousness, Valyr looked around his surroundings for a bit, clutching his head as waves of pain radiated from it.
"What the..." Just as he wondered whether or not he was hearing voices, the young man eventually noticed a familiar being appear at the workshop's entrance, dashing towards him after seeing he was awake. "Braum?"
"You're finally awake..." said Braum, letting out a loud sigh of relief as he looked at the young man with a hint of worry. "You scared me, you know?"
"What... what happened?" Finally regaining the entirety of his consciousness, the young man closed his eyes for a bit before looking at Braum for answers.
"You tell me." In response, Braum looked back at him. "Earlier, I was waiting around the entrance of the Blacksmith Guild since you said the two of us would meet up there. However, even after waiting for a while, you didn't come."
"So, I decided to head into the Blacksmith Guild myself to see if you were in here," added the man. "Lo and behold, I find out that you were on the workshop floor out cold. What the heck have you been doing to yourself?"
"Wait... what time is it?" Though he already had an answer to the man's final statement, the young man decided to focus on the first statement, taking a look outside the window's workshop to get his answer.
"Darn it..." Seeing that the sun was close to reaching the zenith once more, the young man inwardly admonished himself for not noticing the passage of time. Then again, after a while, he let out a long sigh, feeling sorry for the man who had arrived instead.
"I'm sorry I wasn't able to uphold my part of the deal," said Valyr to Braum, who could only look back at him with a raised eyebrow.
"That doesn't really matter at the moment." Braum shook his head. "After all, you were on the workshop floor unconscious."
"That was because I was up all night working on something." Hearing the man repeat his words from earlier, a wry smile appeared on the young man's face as he replied. "Something you'd be glad to find out now that it's done."
"Are you... are you serious?" Getting an idea of what the young man was hinting at, Braum did not know whether to feel excitement or more concern. After all, if what he was thinking was correct...
The armor set he requested Valyr to forge was already done.
"Well, if anything, it's the reason why you found me on the floor unconscious." Letting out a bit of a mocking chuckle, Valyr nodded in response, finally recalling what had transpired for things to turn out this way.
While he was in the midst of forging Braum's armor set, the young man felt like he had gained a greater understanding of things out of nowhere, prompting him to realize that [Flow] had unknowingly activated at some point.
Not wanting to let the chance pass up, he abandoned the thoughts of going to sleep as he wanted to maximize the effects of [Flow] on Braum's equipment. eno.om
Then again, even though he had abandoned any thoughts of sleep for the meantime, that did not mean he abandoned the thoughts of taking a break. It was just that, by the time he had finished the final piece of the armor set, he decided to give himself a long break before deciding to take some actual rest.
However, with how far he had overexerted his body, his body was the one that ended up deciding for him, causing him to eventually fall on the floor unconscious at some point in his rest.
"I..." Hearing from Valyr that he was the one that indirectly caused the former's earlier state, Braum began to feel a bit of guilt. For a moment, he was at a crossroads on what he should do next.
Fortunately, after a bit of silent ponderation, a brilliant idea flashed in his mind. With the thought in mind, he looked at Valyr with renewed confidence as he faintly smiled.
"You know what? Consider the information you're requesting from me free of charge." As Braum said these words all of a sudden, the young man looked at the man before him with his mouth agape. After all, he was expecting the man to still charge him for the information.
Though, as he pondered over why Braum decided to tell him something like that, it did not take long for him to put two and two together in his mind. Bitterly smiling at the realization for a brief moment, he did not know whether he should feel guilty or feel glad that Braum had changed his mind.
In the end, he let his pragmatic side take over.
"I'll have to thank you in advance, then." Giving Braum words of sincere gratitude, Valyr went ahead and led the man to the armor set he had forged for the former. Naturally, with the materials and the effort he had put into it, Braum was left in a state of awe after looking at it.
With the overall armor set taking on a color that was part brown and gray, there were many areas on the armor that were accentuated by light gray metal, giving the armor a feeling that it would suit someone that was part of a military unit or something similar.
However, if one were to ignore the external appearance of the armor, one would instead come to face with the intimidating aura it passively emanated, making one feel as if one was standing in front of a mountain that seemed to have a limitless peak.
"Does... does this armor set have a name?" Taking a while to remove himself from the aura the armor radiated, Braum looked at the young man behind him and asked.
"To be honest, I haven't given it a name yet," said Valyr in response, looking at Braum with a soft smile. "Perhaps you would like to give the set a name?"
"Me?" Pointing at himself, the man looked back at the young man with surprise written all over his face. "Are you sure?"
"I wouldn't have asked the question in the first place if I wasn't." Seeing the young man nod in response to his question, Braum scratched his head for a bit before letting out a faint sigh. Then, falling into a pensive state, the man went through the various ideas that lingered in his head.
"Ah. Got it." Eventually, after a couple of minutes, Braum felt like he had a fitting name for the armor set, looking at the young man with a calm yet confident expression. "How about we go with..."
"Aegis."
Chapter 561: A Fair Exchange

"Aegis it is, then," said Valyr in response, to which the system promptly responded by sending him a series of notifications.
Ding!
[You have renamed the item 'Unnamed Helmet' to 'Aegis Helmet'.]
[You have renamed the item 'Unnamed Pauldrons' to 'Aegis Pauldrons'.]
...
[You have renamed the item 'Unnamed Boots' to 'Aegis Boots'.]
While multiple notification sounds resounded in his mind, as if responding to the name it had received, the armor set radiated a faint glow. From what the two could tell, it seemed as if the armor set was delighted with the name Braum chose, feeling as if it were the perfect name for the set.
'[Greater Analysis].' As he let Braum get up close with the armor set and test it out, the young man went ahead and used his identification skill on one of the pieces to see if anything about it changed after being given a name.
And surprisingly enough, something did.
Ding!
[(+10) Aegis Chestplate] (Level 75)
Rarity: Epic
Defense: 835 - 1391
Forge Quality: Exceptional
Additional Attributes:
> VIT +48
>STR +41
Initially an unnamed piece of armor that was forged from extraordinary materials by an incredibly prodigious blacksmith, this chestplate was given new life after it had been named Aegis, a name that resonated greatly with the spirit residing within.
Being forged under the greatest level of concentration the blacksmith could achieve, this chestplate has been imbued with the Hammer of Beginnings' [Breath of Earth], taking on the properties of the Earth element in order to bolster its defense even further.
Nevertheless, even without the imbuing of the Earth element, this piece of armor is already something many people would kill for. With it imbued, the experience and level of craftsmanship of the blacksmith only becomes more obvious.
<Innate Skill 1: Heart of the Aegis - Increases the user's maximum HP and Defense stat by 10%. Also increases the user's VIT by 5%.>
<Innate Skill 2: Aegis Awakening - Allows the user to cast a mana barrier around their body, reducing the amount of damage taken by 25% for 5 minutes. Has a small chance to reflect attacks back at 50% of their original strength. Cooldown: 10 minutes. Cost: 5,000 MP.>
<Aegis Set | 1/6>
3 pieces: HP and Def +15%
6 pieces: VIT +10%, Damage Reduction +10%
Note: This is a piece of armor solely made for those with the aim of protecting others.
'The innate skills definitely changed.' By the time he was done reading through the armor's updated description, Braum had already exchanged the armor set he was currently wearing with the Aegis armor set.
In less than an instant, the aura being radiated by his body underwent a substantial increase, making him give off the feeling that he was some sort of impenetrable wall no one could go through.
And that was only the man's passive aura coming into play.
"This..." Getting more and more used to his new armor set, Braum eventually looked at the young man with a series of expression flashing across his face. Though, after looking at Valyr for a bit more, a wry smile crept up onto his lips.
On one hand, he felt immense gratitude and excitement since the armor set Valyr forged for him had undoubtedly boosted his combat strength multiple times. If his hunch was correct, he could give peak Rank 5 beings a run for the money, even without activating his Intent.
However, on the other, he still felt immense guilt from the fact that the young man had collapsed after he had finished making the armor set. Of course, he told Valyr that the information the latter requested from him would now be free of charge in exchange.
Yet, now that he was wearing the entire armor set and experiencing its effects firsthand...
He realized that it wasn't enough.
"You know what..." Letting out a somewhat exasperated sigh after pondering over his next action, a determined expression eventually appeared on Braum's face as he looked at the young man.
"What is it?" Raising his eyebrows in curiosity, Valyr waited for Braum to continue his words.
"From now on, any piece of information you request from me will be free of charge," said the man as he continued where he left off, prompting the young man to look at him with his eyes wide open.
"Whether it be as complicated as the one you're requesting right now, to something simple like the weather for the next few days, all of it will be free from now on," added Braum not long after, which only added onto the curiosity and confusion Valyr was feeling.
Then again, it did not take long for the young man to understand the cause of the man's sudden shift in personality, faintly smirking as he looked at the armor set the latter was wearing.
"Once again, I'll be thanking you in advance." Knowing that the two of them would just go in circles if he were to ask Braum the reason behind it, Valyr decided to thank the man outright, causing the former to look back at him with a smile.
"You know... we've talked a lot about other things that I almost forgot the main reason why I came here." Letting out a faint chuckle as the man regained his original train of thought, Braum infused a bit of his mana into his spatial bracelet, bringing out a stack of documents that he carefully gave to Valyr.
"What information is in this, exactly?" Though he was slightly surprised by the amount of documents Braum had brought out for him, Valyr already expected himself to have through such a great amount of information in the first place. With that, he began to skim through the various documents as Braum explained what he had given.
"Well, most of it goes into the hierarchy of the Zeihardt clan in detail," said Braum to the young man. "The main Imperial clan, the various Royal clans, as well as the numerous noble clans under it as all explained in the documents in detail."
"I see." Nodding in response, Valyr continued to read through the documents, only to find out that the man's words were true. "Anything else?" bvel.m
"Aside from that, the documents also go through some of the most important people that reside within the clan," replied Braum, prompting Valyr to skim through the documents once more. "Though it doesn't go into their strength in detail, it does go through their level of authority within the clan."
"Uh huh." Nodding once more, the young man eventually found the documents that listed down the important people Braum had just mentioned. Unsurprisingly, at the very moment he began to read through those documents, a few words instantly came to mind.
"Darn."
"That's a lot more than I thought."
Chapter 562: Beings of Importance

Though the documents talking about the important people within the Zeihardt clan was only a fraction of the thickness that talked about the hierarchy of the clan in detail, the number of people being talked about in the documents still numbered over a couple thousand.
Fortunately, after skimming a bit more through the documents, Valyr soon noticed that these people were separated between three levels of importance, with most of these people being designated a low level of importance.
Then again, even though a lot of them were considered low importance, the level of authority, strength, and the feats they've achieved were still a lot for the young man to take in. After all, the greatest achievement he had achieved so far was the creation of a new artifact.
In comparison to the things done by these people, his achievement could only be considered slightly more praiseworthy.
Moving away from the people that were of low importance, the young man soon found himself reading through the information of people that were designated a middle level of importance, all of which had profiles far more striking than the ones he had earlier.
Of course, with how Valyr continued to read through the documents, he eventually noticed that the distribution of people among the three levels of importance seemed to be triangular in form, with those at the middle level of importance numbering in the dozens.
On the other hand, those at the low level of importance made up most of the list.
Reading through some of the information of those at the middle level, Valyr wasn't surprised to read through the feats some of them had achieved, as well as the positions they currently had in the clan.
In fact, the same could be said for their level of strength, with the weakest among them being in the middle levels of Rank 5. In comparison, the strengths of those at low importance varied between the early levels of Rank 2 to early levels of Rank 5.
After skimming through the people at middle importance, Valyr eventually found the most prominent one out of all of them, wielding a level of strength that only those with great talent could ever hope to wield.
The level of a Legend.
Matching the man's strength were the numerable feats he had achieved, such as making a great contribution to multiple previous wars, as well as founding a couple of kingdoms under the Zeihardt Sovereignty.
"Julius Augustus Zeihardt..." muttered the young man, committing the name to memory. After all, even though the man wasn't designated as one of those with the topmost level of importance, his contribution to the human race overall still wasn't something to be trifled with.
"Now for the high levels." Feeling like he had read through enough of the feats those at the middle level of importance had achieved, Valyr finally shifted his attention towards the people designated with a high level of importance, which numbered only five in total.
The first one was named Alexander, known for his contribution of expanding the human race's territory by tenfold during one of his expeditions. Wielding a level of strength that already hovered around the level of Myths, he was known by many people as Alexander the Great Conqueror. .
It did not help that the man was a Herald of the clan as well.
As for the second one, though she was not a Herald of the clan, she was still considered by many to have a level of talent equivalent to Heralds of the clan.
Taking on the name Claudine, she had made the Zeihardt clan prosper financially, prompting her to be sought after by the Sovereign because of it. Unsurprisingly, with her talent, she was also able to make the entire sovereignty prosper, starting a golden age whose effects were still palpable up to the present.
"Albert Rutherford Zeihardt..." Taking his time to digest the information he had obtained over the two previous people, Valyr moved onto the third person, whose feats seemed to be closely aligned with what he aimed to achieve in the future.
Being known as the Monarch of Innovation before Hal had awakened during the War of the Three Sovereignties, Albert had improved the level of technology throughout the entire sovereignty by a couple of centuries, allowing it to reach a level that considerably nearer to the Intermediate Middle Ages.
Then again, as one of the two people on the list that had transcended mortality and became a Myth, his pursuit for innovation still hasn't stopped, establishing an organization solely dedicated to bringing the level of technology of the human race forward.
"Melissa Zeihardt." Thinking for a bit that it would be nice to turn out into someone like Albert, the young man soon moved onto the fourth person on the list, which was actually a Herald of the clan like Alexander.
However, rather than utilize this gift to pursue greater personal power, she instead used it to form a military organization that had a level of power on par with the military of the Zeihardt Sovereignty.
But not only that, she had also made this military organization swear allegiance to the entirety of the Zeihardt clan, solidifying the clan's position even further as the strongest clan of the human race.
"And with that..." Moving onto the final person on the list, Valyr wasn't surprised to see this name pop up, especially with the position the person currently wielded within the clan. "We move on to Ophiuchus Zeihardt."
Unlike the feats the first four people on the list had achieved, most of the feats Ophiuchus had achieved were all for the sake of the prosperity of the clan. Though he was not able to reach the same level of prominence as the others, he was able to emulate their achievements to a certain extent, being known by many as the Monarch of All Trades.
With such talent, it was no surprise that he had become the current leader of the entire Zeihardt clan, being the other person on the list to have transcended mortality and reach the level of Myths.
Ding!
[You have completed part of the requirements for the quest: The Future of Humanity (2).]
[Obtain information regarding the existing hierarchy within the Zeihardt clan (1/1)]
'Huh. That was far easier than I thought.' Hearing a notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr went ahead and took a look at it, briefly widening his eyes in surprise.
'I should thank Braum.' After that, he placed the documents he had received to the side, hoping to show his gratitude to the man that gave him the information in the first place.
Unfortunately, just as he was about to do so, Braum was nowhere to be found within the workshop, prompting the young man to think that the man had left while he was engrossed in reading through the documents.
"I'll have to thank him some other time," said the young man to himself, taking in a deep breath as he felt reenergized.
Doing a few light stretches after being stuck in one pose for so long, the young man eventually shifted his attention to the simple-looking box he had gotten from Julian, opening it with a slight smile.
"For now..."
"I guess it's time to work on my armor."
Chapter 563: Upgrading Something Essential

At the very moment those words left the young man's mouth, he had fully opened the simple-looking box, revealing what was within. In it was an orb that looked similar to the Shadow Serpent Orb Valyr had gotten back then, though there seemed to be a tinge of color to it.
Aside from that, there seemed to be an oppressive feeling being faintly emanated by the orb, something Valyr was already expecting due to the orb's origin. After admiring the orb for its appearance and presence for a bit more, the young man moved the opened box to the side as he planned out his steps. .
"As far as I can remember, I should upgrade the chestplate first." Recalling the guide he followed back then to upgrade his armor, the young man eventually remembered the step that came after the armor's current form. Taking his time to make sure that he had recalled everything, only did the young man start moving.
"Out of all the pieces making up this upgraded version of the armor, only the chestplate needs the Wyvern Core." Taking his chestplate off, Valyr allowed his memories of the upgrade process to linger in his mind, reminding himself as to why he had to upgrade the chestplate first.
As it was the only piece that would need the Wyvern Core in its upgrade process, the chestplate would act as the power source for the entire armor set once it was all upgraded, giving Valyr's armor the ability to do more things than it already could.
With the thought in mind, the young man wondered how much of an improvement these abilities would undergo, considering that the guide mentioned that the upgrade involving the Wyvern Core would upgrade his armor set to Epic rarity.
With a fortuitous encounter improving his current armor set to that same rarity already, he was extremely curious on what kind of changes would happen to those abilities if the armor set had finished upgrading to Epic+ rarity.
Or, if he was lucky enough, Legendary rarity.
"Alright." Mustering up the courage to do something incredibly stupid, the young man took in a deep breath as he chucked the chestplate into the furnace. Increasing the temperature of the furnace after that, he then began to lay out the materials he would need to upgrade the chestplate to the next rarity.
"First off, True Wyvern Scales." Bringing a long wooden table near the entrance of the workshop to somewhere beside the anvil, Valyr began to arrange the materials he would need by step. "According to the guide, once the chestplate reaches its optimal temperature, I should begin replacing the Nascent Wyvern Scales on it with True Wyvern Scales."
"Then…" After making sure that the number of True Wyvern Scales he had on hand would be enough to upgrade the entire armor set, he then grabbed a couple of materials that reminded him of his forging duel with Theraldine. "Materials that are highly attuned to the four basic elements."
At those words, the young man gently placed down four items to the right of the pile of True Wyvern Scales, arranging them in a way that make sure their energies would neutralize each other for the meantime. Of course, to make things easier for himself and cut down a bit of time, Valyr decided to use the same elemental materials he had used to forge his Hammer of Beginnings.
"Aside from those things, the only things left needed to upgrade the chestplate would be…" Going through the guide in his mind, the young man briefly scratched the back of his head as he bitterly smiled.
"My blood and mana, huh."
"Eh. I'll think more about it later." Placing thoughts regarding the last step of the upgrade process to the side, the young man went ahead and retrieved the chestplate out of the furnace, placing it down on the anvil.
"Huuu…" Taking in a few deep breaths, Valyr gradually composed himself as he went over the various steps in his mind one more time. Once he felt like he had gotten a good grasp of it, it was only then did he begin work on the chestplate, feeling as if all of the distractions in his surroundings had disappeared all of a sudden.
'[Flow] again, huh…' Sensing that his concentration had been heightened and his movements had become more refined, the young man inwardly let out a chuckle as he grabbed the True Wyvern Scales, beginning to place them on top of the scales that were already there.
Hissssss!!!
At the very instant the scale touched the chestplate, a loud hissing sound resounded throughout the room, causing the young man to inwardly think that the Shadow Serpent had been revived in spirit somehow. Letting out a faint chuckle in response, he focused his attention towards the scale he had placed, which seemed to be melding with the previous scale, eventually taking its place.
Hissssss!!! Hissssss!!! Hissssss!!!
Seeing that the first step of the upgrade process looked to have no issues, the young man proceeded to make the most out of the time he had, placing multiple True Wyvern Scales on top of the chestplate at once.
Slowly but surely, he was making progress in replacing all of the scales on the chestplate, having to chuck the chestplate into the furnace a couple more times before all of the scales were replaced with the new ones.
"[True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight]."
"[Hunter's Tracking Eyes]." After making sure that no imperfections had appeared after the first step, it was only then did Valyr proceed onto the next step, prompting him to focus his attention on the elemental materials he had arranged earlier.
"Now that the scales have been replaced with True Wyvern Scales, the next step is to infuse the energy of the four elements into the chestplate." Muttering these words to himself, the young man made light work of the materials he had chosen, refining all of them into their purest forms within an hour or so.
"I wonder why there's a step like that." Feeling like he had been making good progress so far, the young man decided to take a short break to recuperate his energy, pondering a few things about the guide he was following in the meantime. "From an element to effect standpoint, having the four basic elements make sense since it's considered an all-around boost."
"However, since the armor's final state is to become an incredibly close replica of the Empyrean Dragon Armor, including the four elements into it doesn't seem right," muttered the young man, faintly tilting his head to and fro in confusion. "Is it going to act as a replacement of some sort? A foundation for something else?"
"Well…" Understanding that he would only be heading down a rabbit hole if he were to continue his train of thought, the young man decided to discard the question altogether, returning his attention to the chestplate. "Whatever purpose it may serve, it wouldn't be in the guide if it was to achieve something else."
"Alright, time to continue." Placing the chestplate into the furnace, Valyr gently picked up the four items and placed them around the chestplate in a unique pattern. Then, after making sure that all of them were in the right spot, he increased the temperature inside the furnace to a level near its limit, causing the energy from the materials to gradually seep out.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Surprisingly, within seconds of these energies beginning to seep out, the chestplate began to devour these energies as if it hadn't eaten for decades. In fact, the chestplate was actively siphoning the energies from the refined materials at some point, leaving only dregs by the time it was done.
"Two more steps left." With both skills still active, the young man took a look if any imperfections had appeared during the infusion of energy, nodding in satisfaction after he had made sure that there were none. Taking out the chestplate from the furnace once more, he gently placed it onto the anvil, grabbing a chisel and Hammer of Beginnings as he proceeded to the second to last step.
"[Breath of Beginnings]." Taking in a deep breath as he mentally steeled himself for what he was going to do, the young man changed the energy of his artifact, making one feel as if it had the ability to be everything yet also be one thing at the same time.
Tightening his grip onto the chisel, Valyr then positioned it above the center of the chestplate, only to then…
Bang!
With great strength, the young man caused a nick to appear on the chestplate's surface, clicking his tongue as he thought about the durability of the True Wyvern Scales. Undeterred, he continued with his hammering, causing the nick to gradually grow larger as a small hole eventually appeared on the chestplate.
"And with this, the final step." Finding the previous step nerve-wracking, the young man let out a long sigh of relief after it was over, going over through it with [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] and [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] to see if he had caused any imperfections.
After righting all of the imperfections that had popped up, the young man went ahead and grabbed the Wyvern Core before placing it where he had created the hole on the chestplate. After that, he slit his wrist with a chisel, allowing his blood to flow above the Wyvern Core while his other hand touched the core directly, infusing it with his own mana.
For a while, a gruesome sight could be seen in the center of the workshop as a considerable portion of the chestplate was now dyed in the color of Valyr's blood. Thankfully, a couple of minutes later, all signs of that instantly disappeared as a notification sound resounded in the young man's mind.
"And with that… the upgrade is done."
Ding!
Chapter 564: The True Wyvern's Descent

Hearing a series of notification sounds resound in his mind, Valyr had a wry smile on his face as he looked at the wound he had opened. Taking out a health potion from his spatial bracelet, he downed all of its contents in one gulp before applying a bit of pressure on the wound.
"I still have to do this five more times," muttered the young man to himself as he caught his breath, giving himself time to rest while thinking about the amount of blood he had lost just so the chestplate could finish upgrading.
From what he could tell, he had probably lost about half a liter or so of blood during that time, considering that he had difficulty keeping his eyes near the end of the process. Then again, such an amount was only a wild guess at most, with the guide he was following not helping out in that regard either.
"The guide said that the amount of blood the piece of armor would absorb from the user depends on the armor's current level, as well as the user's current stats," said the young man as thoughts lingered in his mind. Sitting down for the meantime, he requested an attendant to give him something to eat.
"I guess the armor's rarity has something to do with how much blood it takes as well?" Letting out a faint sigh, the young man moved closer to the chestplate, its appearance now drastically different from how it looked before.
In the center was the Wyvern Core, which had four wisps of elemental energy swirling around it. Making up the entirety of the surface were the True Wyvern Scales that appeared to be rough and smooth at the same time, all of them glistening a faint crimson after absorbing the blood Valyr had spilled.
"[Greater Analysis]." Thanking the attendant that had arrived with his food only a few minutes after his request, the young man took a couple of bites before proceeding to return his attention to the chestplate.
Ding!
[(+14) True Wyvern Chestplate (Imitation)] (Level 38 | Lifebound)
Rarity: Epic+ .
Defense: 775 - 1292
Forge Quality: Exceptional
Additional Attributes:
> VIT +47
> STR +45
Forged by a true prodigy in the field of blacksmithing, this chestplate is inspired by the artifact 'Empyrean Dragon Armor', with the blacksmith hoping that the armor would be able to emulate part of its strength.
With the amount of time and effort the blacksmith has placed into the armor, as well as the blossoming of the blacksmith's own talents, the armor has moved one step closer to emulating the artifact's entire strength, now arriving at the level of an Imitation.
Though part of its innate potential had been awakened in advance by the artifact 'Hammer of Beginnings', a great amount of potential still slumbers within the chestplate. In the future, it has a high possibility of arriving a level of strength equal to the Empyrean Dragon Armor, perhaps even greater.
<Innate Skill 1: Might of the True Wyvern - Thanks to the power of the Wyvern Core embedded into the armor, only to be brought a level of quality higher thanks to the power of the elements, the level requirement for the armor has been reduced by 7 levels.>
<Innate Skill 2: Breath of the True Wyvern - Allows the user to shoot out a wave of flames in front of them, targeting all enemies within a 25 meter radius in front of the user, dealing damage equivalent to 500% of the user's Attack stat. Also inflicts Burn damage that deals 50% of the user's Attack stat every second, lasting for 10 seconds. Cooldown: 10 minutes. Cost: 5,000 MP.>
<Innate Skill 3: Rage of the True Wyvern - Allows the user to tap into the power of the Wyvern Core embedded into the armor, boosting all physical stats of the user except VIT by 15% for 5 minutes. Stacks multiplicatively with other stat boosting skills. Cooldown: 10 minutes. Cost: 2,500 MP.>
<Innate Skill 4: Descent of the True Wyvern - Allows the user to tap into the entirety of the Wyvern Core's power, awakening part of the spirit of the True Wyvern. For 2 minutes, the user's physical and magical stats are empowered by 50%. In exchange, all of the user's stats are reduced by 99% for 10 minutes after. Cooldown: 1 day. Cost: 99% of the user's HP and MP.>
<True Wyvern Set | 1/6>
Set Effects:
- 2 pieces: Attack and Defense +25%
- 3 pieces: HP +2,500 and MP +1,500
- 4 pieces: All stats +12
- 6 pieces: All stats +3%
Remarks: Such armor like this can already stand equal to armor sets known by many from legends.
"I guess giving the chestplate all of that blood wasn't so bad of an idea, after all." Whistling in admiration as he finished reading through the armor's updated description, Valyr eventually noticed three things that were not on the armor in the first place.
"Huh. It's already reached the stage of an Imitation." Seeing that his attempt at emulating the Empyrean Dragon Armor was now considered an Imitation rather than an Emulation, the young man brought up all of the notifications he hadn't bothered to read earlier, nodding in understanding after he had read through all of it.
Ding!
[You have successfully modified the armor 'Nascent Wyvern Chestplate'.]
[Due to the immense modification done, the armor has gained the ability to tap into a far greater expanse of power it initially couldn't, thus increasing the armor's rarity to Epic+.]
[Thanks to this change, its name has been changed to 'True Wyvern Chestplate'.]
[The heavens have taken notice of the time and effort you have put into the craft, realizing that the potential the equipment is now far greater than it was before. With that, the heavens shall reward your efforts accordingly.]
[Your item has gained a greater portion of the original properties of the artifact 'Empyrean Dragon Armor', now being classified an Imitation.]
"I see. I see." Closing the notification screen, Valyr went silent for a bit as he internalized all of the information he had just read. "So, it would be safe to assume that the armor would reach the level of a Replica at some point, considering that the chestplate reached the level of an Imitation."
"Hmm… I guess it wouldn't be far-fetched to say that it'll eventually turn into an artifact of its own once I enhance it a bit further." Thinking about it for a bit more, the young man began to daydream, letting out some laughter as his thoughts briefly turned outlandish.
"Then again, the fact that the rarity has a plus modifier is already saying a lot." Moving his attention to the bottom of the chestplate's description screen, Valyr looked through the innate skills the piece of armor now had, nodding in satisfaction as all of them had undergone a considerable upgrade.
"This is the skill awakened by [Breath of Beginnings], huh." Eventually, his focus shifted onto the fourth innate skill on the chestplate, reading through its description a couple of times. "So, a skill that basically sacrifices almost everything for a great boost in strength."
"Well, if anything, it's one more trump card I can use once we're in the inheritance." Though Valyr thought about multiple scenarios where the conclusion would be death if he used the fourth skill, the young man still felt like it was a great skill, especially since it would allow his strength to transcend ranks even further.
Whether or not such strength would reach the level of Legends and Myths was something he'd only know once he finally got a chance to use it.
"And lastly… that part." Satisfied with the first two changes to the chestplate, the young man eventually focused his attention on the final change he had yet to look at in detail. "Well… the entire armor set becoming Lifebound isn't really the end of the world. I could just modify the steps if I were to make armor similar to this in the future."
From what the name suggested, Lifebound equipment was equipment that could only be equipped by a single person. Even if the person died, the piece of equipment would still recognize only the person that had the equipment bound to them in the first place, essentially turning the equipment into a useless piece of junk.
After all, what purpose would a piece of equipment that had amazing stats have if it couldn't be used by those from the future generation?
Then again, there were multiple methods of binding equipment to people, with Lifebound equipment being the most restrictive. Below it were Manabound and Bloodbound equipment, which allowed the requirements to use such equipment to be more flexible while still disabling those that have malicious intent from using it.
From the name itself, Manabound equipment could only be used by those that have a similar signature of mana to the one that binded the equipment first, while Bloodbound equipment could only be used by those that have a similar type of blood to the one that binded it first.
Depending on the process the original owner used, the restrictions on using the Manabound and Bloodbound equipment could range from being the child of the original owner, to any being that was of the same species of the same owner.
In fact, because of such flexibility in restrictions, these types of binding were the ones usually used on family heirlooms, ensuring that the clan's strength continued on an upward trend as time passed.
Of course, there were still a lot of people that used the harshest type of binding on their equipment. However, most of them generally did it due to their paranoia of having people snatch their equipment away from them all of a sudden.
"Now that I think about it, it's been a while since I last checked my stats." Closing the description screen after he was done taking a look at all the changes, the young man went ahead and wore the chestplate, instantly feeling a great surge of strength flow throughout his body from it.
"With how much stuff I've gone through since then, I wonder how much they've improved since then?" Letting out a chuckle at his newfound strength, the young man began to do a few basic movements to become acclimated with it before proceeding onto the next piece.
While that was happening, he made a decision to take a look at his stats after he had upgraded his entire armor set to its higher rarity, his flames of motivation blazing intensely as he eventually began on the next armor piece.
Though, before he began upgrading his second piece of armor, he told himself something after having gone through the upgrade process once.
"Note to self."
"Do not cut the artery on your wrist again."
Chapter 565: Progress Check

For the next few days, Valyr had spent most of his time in the private workshop Julian gave him, putting all of his attention towards upgrading the other pieces making up his armor set. Learning from the mistakes he made while making Braum's Aegis Armor, he made sure to allow his body to get proper rest, extending the amount of time needed to finish the entire set.
Nevertheless, with the increased productivity and focus proper rest brought, alongside the fact that [Flow] had never deactivated ever since it activated while he upgraded his chestplate, the quality he was able to achieve for the five other pieces of armor was top-notch.
In fact, if Valyr were to think about the time he had taken to upgrade the pieces of armor individually, he felt that the amount of time he took considerably grew less with every subsequent piece. Then again, such a thing was to be expected, considering that his experience with the chestplate was his first time.
With [Flow] gradually dissipating on its own as he was finished with the final piece, Valyr allowed himself to take a small break, munching on the food he had an attendant bring to him while he was busy. While doing so, he also went ahead and grabbed a health potion from his spatial bracelet, downing all of its contents in one gulp.
"That was a close one." Inwardly letting out a long sigh of relief, the young man wiped off the cold sweat on his forehead, recalling what had transpired while he was upgrading the helmet to the next rarity.
With it being the last piece of armor he had to upgrade, Valyr was more or less confident that he would go through all of the steps smoothly. For the most part, that statement was true, having gone through most of the process that upgraded the helmet without any mishaps.
However, on the final step, which involved letting himself bleed to turn it into Lifebound equipment, the young man had done something he had already reminded himself many times not to do.
Cut the artery on his wrist.
Though the amount of pain he felt from it was negligible at most, the amount of blood that poured out of the wound he made was surprisingly greater than the amount of blood he spilled back on the chestplate. Of course, it did not take long for him to realize he messed up, prompting him to apply a bit of pressure as he controlled the amount of blood the helmet got.
"At least, I don't have to do that… for the meantime." Bitterly smiling as he thought about the remaining steps the armor would have to go through in the future, Valyr went ahead and grabbed the helmet he had just upgraded and put it on.
While doing so, he was reminded of the mishap once more, thinking that [Enhanced Vitality] and Vigor was a great reason as to why he hadn't fainted yet.
Whoosh!
As his mind continued to bring up thoughts regarding the upgrade process, a great surge of strength flowed throughout his body at the very moment he had put on the helmet, only to be followed up by a far greater surge of strength soon after.
'Must be the armor set's effect kicking in.' With this thought in mind, the young man took in a few deep breaths as he began to do a few basic movements, nodding after finding out that the upgrade hadn't hampered his movements whatsoever.
Moving outside the workshop, he then brandished the spear behind his back and did a few basic combat movements. Unsurprisingly, he nodded in satisfaction once more, feeling that the force behind his spear was far greater than ever before.
"System, show me my status." Now that he had finished upgrading his armor to the next rarity, the young man went ahead and did what he initially planned to do, affixing his spear behind his back for the meantime.
Ding!
Hearing the notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr focused all of his attention on the screen that appeared before him, greatly curious as to how much of an increase his strength had undergone.
"What the…" Unexpectedly for him, his strength had grown far greater than he had expected.
[Valyr Zeihardt]
Class: True Prodigious Blacksmith (Rank 2 — Mythic)
Subclass: Shadow Serpentine Manalancer (Rare)
Species: Human (2nd Unsealing)
Level: 40
Power Level: 17,590 (A+)
Unused XP: 227,949,326
HP: 19,158/19,158
MP: 20,485/20,485
Shadow Energy: 89/89
Mystic Energy: 1/1
Attack: 5,493 - 5,889
Defense: 5,157 - 8,595
Stats: 723 VIT, 543 STR, 604 AGI, 996 DEX, 824 INT, 288 WIS, 408 PER, 186 LUK
Hidden Stats: 5 Mana Purity, 5 Vigor
Remarks: Hello???? Is this still balanced????
"Have I… have I really grown that much?" By the time the young man had more or less come to terms with the information he was seeing, Valyr began to doubt whether it was real or not. After all, compared to the last time he looked at his status screen, the difference was incredibly stark.
Fortunately, after thinking about it for a bit more, the young man gradually calmed down, eventually coming to the conclusion that such an increase made a lot of sense.
After all, not only had he increased his level to the peak of Rank 2, he had also upgraded his subclass and his armor set to the next rarity.
But most importantly, he had consumed the items Mystia gave him, which brought a massive boost to his stats.
"These stats are already comparable to those at the peak of Rank 4 with Rare or Epic grade classes," said the young man, continuing to look at the screen for a bit longer. "In fact, I could even probably give weaker Rank 5 beings a run for their money with my current strength."
"Of course, I'd still lose if they make use of their Intents," added the young man soon after, chuckling as he decided to head back into the workshop for the meantime.
"In any case, this strength has got to be more than enough to assure my safety inside the inheritance, no?" While he was pondering whether or not there were other things he still had to do before the inheritance began, the young man's train of thought was unexpectedly interrupted by Julian, who could only look at him with a surprised expression.
Chapter 566: A Bit of Negotiation

"Did I perhaps enter the wrong workshop?" Seeing a man donning a full set of crimson-black armor within the workshop he entered, Julian could not help but look at the number above the workshop's entrance to make sure. Thankfully, his confusion was quickly dispelled after the man let out a bit of laughter, placing the helmet he was wearing to the side.
"Oh. It was just you, Valyr." Letting out a faint sigh of relief as he did not get the wrong workshop, it was only then did Julian take full notice of the fact that the young man's aura had significantly strengthened. Of course, with the reason for the change being more than obvious, the man went ahead and asked what any person in his place would ask.
"Did you forge a new armor set? Or did you upgrade your old one?"
"Upgraded the old one," Valyr replied, asking Julian soon after what brought the man to his workshop. After hearing that the latter had come in to talk about the negotiation with the Nicholas clan, as well as his identification badge, he gave the man his seat from earlier, grabbing a box for him to sit on not long after.
"Wasn't your armor set Epic rarity already?" Thanking the young man for giving him somewhere to sit, Julian brought the topic of their conversation back to Valyr's armor, his eyes widening from the young man's response. "With how much difference there is from your aura before… did you upgrade it to Legendary rarity?"
"If I had the materials and the funds to do so, I would have already done that," replied Valyr with a wry smile. "Unfortunately, I was only to apply a plus modifier to the rarity… which, I guess you could say is essentially halfway to Legendary rarity armor."
"Mind if I take a look at it?" Though Julian had already come across multiple pieces of equipment that were of a far higher rarity than Epic+, the man was still left at a loss for words since such a level of equipment came from a young man that did not even seem to be above 20 years of age.
"Feel free." Not minding the request, the young man went ahead and gave the helmet he took off earlier to Julian, asking the latter not long after for his identification badge.
Ding!
[Your previous rank [Rank 2 — Legacy Core Member] has been improved to [Rank 2 — Honorary Lesser Elder]. Increase your rank or merit to improve your position.] .
[You have received 2,000 Technology Points.]
'With this, I now have 10,000 Technology Points waiting to be used.' Receiving the upgraded identification badge from Julian, Valyr was not surprised to see the notifications that came along with it, inwardly smirking at his increase in authority. In fact, as he took a look at the notifications he had received, a sudden thought came to his mind.
Though, for the meantime, he decided to move it to the side as Julian was still around.
"This…" After taking a look at Valyr's helmet through his identification skill, the amount of admiration Julian felt towards the young man had increased by a great amount. After all, not only were the stats of the equipment far better than any Epic+ grade equipment he had seen so far, the craftsmanship, as well as the innate skills that came along with it were something even he had only seen for the first time.
"Is it possible for you to share the blueprints of this armor with the Blacksmith Guild?" Though the man thought about how such an armor would definitely fetch a high price if it was auctioned, Julian also thought about how the armor could affect the strength of the human race in the ongoing skirmish with the orcs.
Through his calculations, Julian surmised that if the guild were to get their hands on an armor set that had 50% of the strength of Valyr's armor and equip everyone on the front lines with it, the skirmish would undoubtedly be on the human race's favor from that point onward.
"What would I get in exchange?" In response to Julian's question, Valyr's expression became somewhat solemn. Though he was not averse to sharing information on the armor set he had been forging, he was not some kind of good samaritan who would share everything out of goodwill.
The only times he would do something like that was either when he owed someone else a favor, like those from Astarto Village, or when he knew that the person that he invested in would grow to be more than worth the items he had put in the first place, such as Wells and Edward.
'To be honest, why hadn't I thought about it in the first place?' As Julian pondered over the question Valyr asked back at him, the thought popped up in the latter's mind.
"Hmm… what would be your minimum conditions?" Pondering over it for a bit more, Julian eventually thought that it would be better for him to hear what Valyr wanted from them. After that, it was only would he prompt the two of them to talk about it until the two of them reached compromise.
However, just as he had heard the young man's requests, such thoughts swiftly disappeared from his mind.
"Would it be possible to gain access to all of the Blacksmith Guild's blueprints?" said Valyr to Julian. "Also, it would be nice if I get access to a lot of Technology Points every month."
"…that's all?" After a bit of silence, that was the only thing Julian could say in response.
"I guess access to the Blacksmith Guild's hidden knowledge as well?" Slightly confused as to what Julian meant by that, Valyr decided to respond based on how he interpreted the question. "…Is it also fine for me to request materials from the Blacksmith Guild whenever I want?"
"…" At that point, Julian stood up from his seat and left the workshop, leaving the latter to stare at the man's fleeting silhouette in confusion.
"I didn't even get to hear what happened to the negotiation with the Nicholas clan…" Briefly scratching the back of his head, Valyr let out a faint sigh as he tidied up the place, wondering for a bit whether Julian would come back later.
Taking a look outside the window to see how many hours remained before the sun would set, the young man eventually decided to not think about it for the meantime. Instead, he focused his attention on the idea that popped up in his mind earlier when he received his upgraded identification badge.
It was time for experimentation.
It was time…
For him to make a gun.
Chapter 567: Time for Experimentation

Ding!
Commanding the system to bring up his Technology Tree, Valyr swiftly focused onto the tree's Innovation branch after a screen was brought out. Taking a look at the advancements he had unlocked so far, a bitter smile gradually crept up onto his lips.
Though the number of advancements he had unlocked so far was at least double the number of advancements an average blacksmith would have unlocked in his rank, the young man still felt like he had neglected it. After all, he currently had close to 10,000 Technology Points under his name, all of which were waiting to be used.
'I'll have to focus most of my attention on advancements starting from the Ancient Age onwards.' Thinking about how he was going to approach experimenting the creation of guns, Valyr took a look at the advancements he had unlocked once more. After a while, he nodded in faint satisfaction, seeing that he had maxed out every advancement that could be unlocked up to the Copper Age.
However, when it came to the advancements from the Iron Age, about half of them were still locked under prerequisite advancements that hadn't been obtained. In fact, by the time he shifted his gaze towards the advancements he had unlocked within the Ancient Age, a wry smile appeared on his face, staring at the few advancements lit up within that technological era that hadn't even reached their max level.
'At the very least, the Necklace of Enlightenment mostly unlocked advancements that would bring me closer to making guns.' Consoling himself as he told himself that he was going to right these wrongs soon enough, Valyr eventually thought about the necklace from Riekan, thinking about how he would have only unlocked one advancement within the Ancient Age if not for it.
Taking in a deep breath as Valyr prompted the gears in his mind to start turning, the young man had begun to start allocating Technology Points in a way that brought him closer to the creation of guns. Unfortunately for him, before he could even unlock a single advancement, Julian had returned to the workshop, looking at him with a calm expression.
"Are you sure that's all you want in exchange for the blueprint?" Letting out a low sigh, the man looked at Valyr, not minding the fact that he had nowhere to sit down. "After all, that blueprint would basically help out the entire human race. In fact, I wouldn't have been surprised if you wanted an obscene amount of money as a condition."
"That really is all I want for the blueprint." Inwardly sighing from the interruption, Valyr closed the screen and put his thoughts of experimentation to the side for the meantime, focusing his attention on the man that appeared before him. "After all, if I were to obtain an obscene amount of money all of a sudden and people with malicious intent find out, I would surely be hounded to no end."
"Of course, the Blacksmith Guild will help safeguard that money for you." Listening to the young man's words, Julian slightly frowned. "Heck, I could probably even enlist the help of the Imperial Production Guild in making sure no one dares to land a finger on you because of that."
"I appreciate the fact that you're looking out for me, but I really have no need for the money just yet." Though Valyr widened his eyes in surprise, the young man still stuck to his initial conditions. "If anything, obtaining greater knowledge would be of greater help to me in the long run, don't you think?"
'Plus, if I wanted to get my hands on an obscene amount of money in one go, I could just forge the armor set I'm currently wearing,' thought Valyr to himself not long after, thanking the man before him for giving him the idea.
"Haah…" Scratching the back of his head for quite some time, Julian eventually gave up on persuading the young man to obtain more benefits from the deal, instead deciding to increase the benefits the young man would get from it on his own.
"Alright. I'll relay your request to the other directors of the Blacksmith Guild." With his mind set, the man thought that it was time for him to leave the young man on his own once more. "Though part of your requests would be slightly difficult to obtain approval of, I'll find a way for it to happen."
"Now that I think about it, the fact that you haven't requested any amount of money from this would probably make the process a lot easier." Julian slightly chuckled, wondering to himself whether the young man had the thought in mind while making his requests. "For now, be on standby. I'll let you know when you'll need to give the blueprint to me, though it'll most likely be on the day before the inheritance with how hard-headed some of them are."
"Got it." Seeing that he was going to be left to his own devices once again, Valyr inwardly became excited as he thought that he could now put his experimentation into full swing. Though, before he let the entirety of his mind be occupied with the thoughts of creating a gun, the young man recalled something Julian had yet to tell him.
"Wait a minute!" screamed Valyr, prompting Julian to stop in his tracks as he turned around. "What happened to the negotiation with the Nicholas clan?"
"Oh, right." Realizing that the other reason he had come to meet Valyr had slipped past him, Julian looked back at Valyr with an apologetic smile before responding. "The deal has been completed. From this point onward, the kid and the kid's parents are no longer slaves of the Nicholas clan."
"I requested some of those from my clan to help the kid's parents acclimate to their newfound status, even going so far as to give them someplace to live in for the meantime to start their new lives," added Julian, prompting Valyr to nod as he continued listening. "I suppose you're going to take care of the kid?"
"Already am." Valyr grinned, to which Julian let out a chuckle in response. After talking a bit more about what both sides would do with Edward and his parents, it was only then did Julian leave Valyr on his own for good, finally allowing the latter to continue where he had left off.
"System, open up the Technology Tree." Rubbing his hands in expectation, the young man looked at the screen that appeared before him with an enthusiastic smile. With the conversation between him and Julian giving him some time to think about the advancements he would be unlocking to start experimenting with guns, it did not take long for him to start going on a Technology Point spending spree.
Ding!
[You have unlocked the advancement <Basic Knowledge: Copper Age Material Refinement Lv. 1>.]
[You have unlocked the advancement <Basic Understanding: Copper Age Material Refinement Lv. 1>.]
…
…
[You have upgraded the advancement <Basic Knowledge: Ancient Age Mathematics> to Level 5 (MAX).]
[You have upgraded the advancement <Basic Understanding: Ancient Age Philosophy> to Level 5 (MAX).]
[You have unlocked the advancement <Basic Understanding: The Art of War Lv. 1>.]
…
…
[You have unlocked the advancement <Basic Knowledge: Ancient Age Gunpowder Production Lv. 1>.]
[You have unlocked the advancement <Basic Knowledge: Ancient Age Ranged Weapons Lv. 1>.]
[You have upgraded the advancement <Basic Knowledge: Early Middle Age Firearms> to Level 5 (MAX).]
Not minding how much Technology Points he would have left after the spending spree, Valyr focused all of his attention on reaching the most important advancement he would need to start experimenting with gun creation, which was the advancement that told him how to make gunpowder.
From what he could remember from his past life, gunpowder was initially supposed to be an experiment done by a person aiming to create an elixir that would allow them to live longer. However, what the person ended up making instead was something that connoted death more than life, bringing about the birth of weapons of mass destruction.
'Then again, ultimate skills are far more destructive than guns in comparison,' briefly thought the young man with a mocking chuckle, feeling somewhat giddy as ideas of how he would use guns in a predominantly magic-based world to his favor gradually surfaced in his mind.
By the end of his spending spree, only a couple hundred Technology Points remained, with all of the advancements that he had yet to unlock now all needing a few hundred of them just to become available. Nevertheless, with his spending spree, he was able to unlock most of the advancements within the Iron Age, upgrading the advancements that he deemed necessary to be maxed for the experiment.
On the other hand, with a lot of things happening during the Ancient Age in Earth's history, Valyr was only able to unlock around a third of the advancements that could be unlocked within the technological era. Aside from some advancements that he felt would help him out in the future, most of the advancements he had unlocked within this era all had to do with warfare and weapons.
Though, last but not the least, he had also unlocked a few more advancements stemming from the Early Middle Ages, granting him the knowledge needed to create guns in the first place.
"Time to begin our experiment." Shivering with delight, the young man closed the screen before him as he rubbed his hands in excitement. Though, not long after, this excitement swiftly disappeared as he was reminded of the other thing he would need to begin experimenting.
"Right…" At this realization, Valyr bitterly smiled as he requested an attendant to come to his workshop.
"Forgot about resources."
Chapter 568: Fuel for Destruction

"Thank you." After waiting around the workshop for a while, the attendant Valyr had requested earlier finally arrived with the materials he asked for, prompting the latter to give the former his sincerest thanks. Watching the attendant disappear from his field of vision, the young man eventually returned to the workshop, laying out all of the items he had requested on a nearby table.
"So, firearms…" Allowing the gears in his mind to turn, Valyr brought up all of the knowledge he had just gained from the Technology Tree about firearms, as well as the knowledge he had obtained from his past life.
Essentially speaking, a firearm was just another name for a gun. However, if one were to be very specific with its definition, then a firearm referred to any portable weapon capable of shooting out a projectile thanks to a burning catalyst. Because of that definition, bows and crossbows were only classified as ranged weapons, even though their destructiveness could match firearms under the right hands.
Feeling like his train of thought was going on a tangent, the young man took some time to compose himself as he took in a few deep breaths. After that, he focused all of his thoughts on creating a gun, shifting his attention towards the items he had laid out earlier.
"I'll definitely be skipping a lot of steps here and there," murmured the young man to himself as his mind began to formulate all sorts of plans on what he was going to do. Of course, even though he told himself that he was going to create a gun, what he was specifically going to make was the ancestor of all guns.
The fire lance.
From the knowledge given to him by the Technology Tree, as well as the research he had done in his past life after unlocking it, the fire lance was initially invented as a way to surprise one's foes with a small explosion in combat. With the element of surprise on their side, the wielder of the fire lance would be able to plunge their spear deep into their enemies, allowing the chances of their side winning to increase.
At this thought, Valyr could not stop himself from letting out a faint chuckle. After all, from another perspective, that meant that the ancestor of all guns was a spear.
"Then again, it's more like an attachment to the spear rather than the entire spear itself," clarified the young man to himself soon after, realizing sometime later that the fire lance was just basically a pistol with a cumbersome handle that was a pain in the ass to reload.
"In any case, it's not like I can't tinker around with how I go about making the fire lance." Briefly shrugging his shoulders at the thought, Valyr moved all of the items he wouldn't need for the meantime to the side, leaving only three cloth sacks on the center of the table. "Now that I think about it, emulating the matchlock mechanism wouldn't be that hard…"
"…in concept anyway." After that, he opened the sacks, revealing its contents to him. "For now…"
"I need to make gunpowder."
Bringing up the information he had gotten from unlocking the relevant advancement in his Technology Tree, Valyr looked at the three sacks for a bit before looking around the workshop for a bowl he could use to dump the contents in. Eventually finding a box that could serve as a makeshift bowl for the meantime, the young man faintly scratched the back of his head as he went over the process in his mind.
"Saltpeter, charcoal, and sulfur," Valyr muttered. "The first step is to crush these three things into a fine powder first. After that, I would have to mix them in a specific ratio and make sure that the whole mixture looks homogenous."
"Once the color is consistent all throughout, I would've successfully made myself the most basic version of gunpowder." Nodding after going through the steps in his mind a couple of times, the young man went ahead and grabbed a bit of charcoal from one of the sacks, plopping it into the box before swinging the Hammer of Beginnings down on it.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
"I might need a few more boxes." Feeling the table wobble after the first couple hits from his hammer, Valyr made the smart decision to move the box with the charcoal onto the anvil before continuing. However, before he could even pulverize the charcoal into a fine powder, the box he had been using as a bowl could not withstand the force, shattering into pieces.
"…" Looking at the broken pieces of wood and fragments of charcoal spread all over the floor, the young man took in a long and deep breath as he pinched the space between his eyebrows. "On second thought, I need to get me a mortar and pestle."
Cleaning up the mess he had made, Valyr asked an attendant to bring him a mortar and pestle sometime after he was done. Then, while waiting for the mortar and pestle to come, he decided to forge a few decently sized bowls out of metal, feeling like he would be making a ton of gunpowder for the foreseeable future.
"Here you go, sir. A mortar and pestle." Surprisingly, the attendant had not arrived with the item Valyr requested until after two hours had passed, looking at the young man with an apologetic expression. "I checked the guild's equipment room first if we had any spare mortar and pestles made by other blacksmiths. However, there were none, so I had to make a trip to the Alchemist Guild and get one from there."
"I apologize for making you wait so long." At these words, Valyr patted the attendant on the shoulder and gave them a young smile. After that, he gave the attendant a few platinum coins, which left the latter at a complete loss for words.
"Good work." Grabbing the mortar and pestle from the attendant, the young man went ahead and returned to where the items were, leaving the dumbfounded attendant alone before they eventually decided to leave on their own accord.
"Alright. Let's start over." With a few bowls made out of iron laid out on the table, Valyr plopped the mortar and pestle onto the table before going through the gunpowder making process all over again.
"First off… the charcoal." Taking a handful of charcoal from the sack, the young man began to carefully grind it into a fine powder, adding more of the pieces he had grabbed after seeing there was more space in the mortar. By the time a half hour had passed, he had filled the mortar halfway with charcoal, prompting him to dump it into one of the bowls before proceeding onto the next step.
"Saltpeter." Similar to the charcoal, Valyr dropped a few pieces of saltpeter into the mortar before proceeding to grind it. Then, once he noticed that the saltpeter he had put in at first had already turned to fine powder, only then did he add more saltpeter, repeating the process all over again.
"Last but not the least, sulfur." Dumping the ground saltpeter into another bowl, the young man noticed how the saltpeter had taken on a slight gray color, prompting him to think about the charcoal from earlier. Wondering if this would affect the gunpowder mixture later, the young man eventually shrugged his shoulders in response, thinking that its effects would probably not be much.
With that, he went through the same process with the sulfur, turning into a fine powder that had been partly contaminated with the saltpeter and charcoal he had ground before. Briefly scratching the back of his head as he looked at the fine powders he had created, the young man let out a sigh before proceeding to mix the items into another bowl in a specific ratio.
Stirring it thoroughly with a metal rod, Valyr removed the metal rod from the bowl after he noticed that the color of the mixture had become homogenous. Dumping a bit of the mixture into yet another bowl, the young man grabbed a piece of wood before lighting it with the furnace, only to then drop it onto the bowl with the mixture.
'Here we go…' Hastily distancing himself from the bowl as he covered his ears, Valyr was expecting to hear a loud bang to echo throughout the room. However…
Fizz…
Rather than hear a loud bang, the sound he heard instead was similar to what one would hear from a campfire. In fact, the sight within his bowl was quite similar, with the mixture having turned into smoldering embers.
"Well then…" Seeing that his first attempt at making gunpowder was a failure, a bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face. Nevertheless, he was not discouraged at all, instead expecting it after thinking about the questions he had asked himself during the process.
"Guess it's time to do it all over again." Dumping out the contents of the bowl into the furnace, the young man took in a deep breath as he began to go through the process all over again, making sure to not make the mistakes he had done in his first attempt.
In any case, no matter how many attempts it would end up taking him, Valyr was going to make sure that before the inheritance began…
He would get his hands on some godDarn gunpowder.
Chapter 569: Creating a Firearm

"Attempt number… what number was I on again?" Over the course of a day and a half, Valyr had allocated most of his time towards his attempts to make gunpowder, only for most of it to end up a failure. Though he had gotten lucky on some of his attempts along the way, he decided to keep continuing, wanting to make sure that he had the entire process fully committed to memory.
"Well, whatever number I may be on, I've tweaked the ratio to where it's 75 parts saltpeter, 15 parts charcoal, and 10 parts sulfur." Taking in a deep breath, he placed a bit of the mixture he had just finished stirring onto another bowl before isolating it from the production area. "During the last few attempts, the gunpowder mixture has become explosive, but it's still lacking that small oomph I'm looking for."
Thinking about the multiple number of attempts Valyr had done thus far, the young man was reminded of the initial ratio he was working with, which came from the knowledge instilled in him from unlocking the gunpowder advancement on the Technology Tree.
"I wonder why the system thought 30 parts saltpeter, 55 parts charcoal, and 15 parts sulfur to be the perfect ratio in making gunpowder." Inwardly shrugging his shoulders at the thought as he was thankful he had not stopped experimenting the mixture's ratio, the young man took in a deep breath before proceeding to light the mixture with a torch he had lit beforehand.
"3… 2… 1…" Bit by bit, he moved the torch closer to the bowl, enveloping his entire body in a layer of mana in the process as a safety measure. Fortunately for him, once the first few embers had made contact with the gunpowder mixture he made…
Bang!
Within seconds, the entire mixture on the bowl ignited, being accompanied by a small cloud of smoke. As the smoke gradually dissipated on its own, the young man retracted the torch back while shifting his attention towards the bowl, whose surface only had soot and a bit of residue remaining.
"I can finally move onto making the actual fire lance." Pouring a great amount of water on the bowl to avoid any mishaps, the young man briefly let out a cackle, feeling great joy at the fact that he had successfully learned how to make gunpowder.
Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief at finally being able to move forward, Valyr grabbed the bowl he had used to do gunpowder testing before heading back to the production area. Once there, he went ahead and combined all of the charcoal, saltpeter, and sulfur he had ground earlier into one giant bowl, keeping in mind the specific ratio he had just unlocked.
…
"This will last me for quite some time." By the time a couple of hours had passed, the young man had converted most of the charcoal, saltpeter, and sulfur he had gotten into the gunpowder mixture, deciding to use one of the now empty sacks to store the mixture for the meantime. "Now that I think about it, I should get my hands on a larger spatial bracelet before the inheritance begins."
"Or should I ask a mage to expand the space within the spatial bracelet I currently have?" Removing all unnecessary items from the table he was using as his work area, the young man took a look at the items he had put to the side earlier, only to grab a few of them and place them on the table sometime later.
"Cordage, a hollowed-out tube made out of treated Stonewood, a rod also made out of treated Stonewood, and the gunpowder mixture I made earlier." Deciding to save the topic of his spatial bracelet for some other time, the young man brought up the knowledge he had gotten from the Technology Tree regarding the creation of the fire lance, closing his eyes for a bit as he thought about the process.
"Since I'm using the fire lance solely to gain more knowledge on how to make a gun, there's no need for me to make a spear tip." Feeling like he had gotten a good idea of what he had to do, the young man went ahead and grabbed the wooden rod and wooden tube, affixing the tube onto one end of the rod with some string coated in strong adhesive.
"Speaking of which, I'll save the blueprint making part for when I've obtained all of the knowledge I could," muttered the young man, nodding in satisfaction as the tube stayed intact even after he swung the rod with a lot of force. "Though the system would help me remove the possible issues that may arise here and there, I'd rather have it help me improve the final product than fix my problems."
Seeing that the tube won't move no matter what he did, Valyr proceeded to create a hole on the covered end of the tube with a hand drill, inwardly thanking the workshop for having such a tool on hand. Then, after making sure that the hole could be seen on the other side, he went ahead and cut a bit of cordage before shoving it through the hole.
"Now that I think about it, how did the gunpowder not pour out of the tube?" As this question came to mind, the young man scooped a bit of the gunpowder mixture before pouring it into the tube, tapping the entire structure a couple of times to make sure the gunpowder was tightly packed inside.
"Well, whatever the answer may be, it's time to test this thing out." Satisfied with the amount of gunpowder within the tube, Valyr proceeded to light the cordage he had attached before changing his grip over the entire thing into a grip that would suit gun usage more. .
Watching the cordage slowly burn off, a couple of thoughts surfaced in the young man's mind in response to his earlier question. However, before he could think about those thoughts any further…
Bang!
As the lit cordage and the gunpowder within the tube interacted, a flash of light briefly appeared on the open end of the tube as a loud explosion resounded soon after. While that was happening, the young man felt the fire lance greatly tremble due to the explosion, prompting him to strengthen his grip over the entire thing while his ears rang for a brief moment.
"I… am definitely stupid." Giving his arms some time to get over the recoil he felt from the fire lance, the young man placed the fire lance to the side for the meantime as he noticed a few of the blacksmiths leave their workshop due to the sound he had made. Apologizing for interrupting them one by one, Valyr was only able to return to the workshop after about ten minutes had passed.
"I should really wear ear protection next time." Taking a look at the fire lance to see if the tube had suffered any damage, the young man was glad to find out that the tube only looked to be covered in the soot generated by the explosion. Gleeful over the success of his first attempt on making the fire lance, the young man brought the fire lance with him to the center of the workshop as multiple thoughts began to arise in his mind.
"With the fire lance being a success…"
"It's time to move onto the next step."
"Further experimentation and modification."
Chapter 570: The Day Before Departure

"To think he hadn't left the workshop even after upgrading his armor to Epic+ rarity…" Walking through the corridor that led to the guild's various private workshops, Julian faintly shook his head as he lightly sighed. "Doesn't he know he has to depart for the inheritance tomorrow?"
From the time Julian had entered the workshop Valyr was occupying to give the latter his identification badge and news about the negotiation, roughly three days had unknowingly passed, with the day the Four Pillars' Inheritance opened happening tomorrow.
Of course, in those three days, Valyr had put in most of his attention towards creating gunpowder, making a fire lance, as well as modifying the fire lance he had made into something more gun-like.
However, Julian knew nothing about that.
"Valyr, you there?" Letting out a low sigh as he thought about reprimanding Valyr for losing track of his time, all of those thoughts briefly disappeared as Julian caught the faint scent of something burning wafting throughout the young man's workshop. For a while, a bit of concern appeared on the man's face as he thought Valyr had gotten into an accident of sorts.
"Yeah? What's wrong?" Fortunately for him, all of those concerns swiftly disappeared once he heard the familiar energetic voice of the young man, prompting Julian to let out a sigh of relief as he made his way into the workshop.
"I just wanted to remind you that you'll have to depart for the inheritance tomorrow." With the concern he felt for the young man's safety, thoughts of reprimanding the young man disappeared from his mind as he instead bluntly told Valyr his reasons for coming. "Though, from the looks of it, it seems like you haven't forgotten it?"
"How could I?" Hearing Julian's question, Valyr let out a bit of laughter, his body entirely relaxed as he sat down on a chair. "Aside from the fact that I was sure you'd reprimand me if I forgot, I would definitely regret it if I missed the opening of the inheritance."
"Well, I'm glad that you know there are consequences to missing it, at least." Before entering the workshop, Julian expected the young man to still be engrossed in the work he was doing. However, with reality in front of him being a stark contrast to his expectations, the man could only let out a slightly awkward chuckle.
"Oh, right. I smelled something burning before entering the workshop." Feeling the air around them becoming more awkward, the man decided to change the topic to what he had noticed earlier, a slightly worried expression appearing on his face. "Did a fire break out here or something?"
"Ah, that." Raising his eyebrow in slight confusion, Valyr eventually put two and two in his mind as he briefly chuckled. Standing from his seat, he then made his way to a table placed a considerable distance away from the furnace, prompting Julian to look at the table.
Or, more specifically, the item that was placed on its surface.
"This would be the cause of that scent you smelled," said Valyr, pointing at the item on the table. "I suppose you've gotten noise complaints from a few blacksmiths the past few days?"
"I did." With his eyes slightly widening, Julian nodded, recalling the multiple documents he had gotten about it. "Don't tell me you also had something to do with that?"
"Yeah…" Awkwardly chuckling, Valyr scratched the back of his head with a nod. "Well, I had no choice if I wanted to make this item."
"What kind of item is it anyway?" At that question, Julian looked at the item in greater detail, taking note of the long metal tube that made up most of it. Affixed to its covered end was a handle that looked to be made out of treated wood, shaped in a way where the wielder would be able to grip on it without a problem.
Deciding to pick up the item, Julian eventually noticed that there was a small hole on the side of the tube near the grip. Slightly tilting his head in confusion, the man only felt even more confused once he noticed the small bowl-shaped attachment under the hole, as well an attachment beside the hole that looked to be a place that one could string cordage through.
"It's a weapon I'm still in the process of completing." Seeing that Julian had placed the item back in its rightful place, Valyr looked at the man with a calm yet confident smile. "There's still a long way to go before it reaches its final form, but I guess it's already reached a usable state?"
"Have you given this weapon a name yet?" Hearing that the item was actually a weapon, Julian looked at Valyr with curiosity, getting the feeling that it served a far greater purpose than he initially thought.
"I don't have an exact name for it yet…" Valyr flashed a wry smile. "However, for the meantime, I've decided to call it an arquebus."
"Arquebus…" Repeating the word a couple of times in his memory, Julian eventually gave Valyr a nod. "It does seem like the name fits for such a weapon."
"Anyways, don't forget you'll have to depart for the inheritance tomorrow." Feeling like he had already stayed long enough in Valyr's workshop, Julian prepared to take his leave. "Better get some rest early since we'll be heading to the place before dawn."
"Where will we be meeting up tomorrow?" asked Valyr, taking a look outside the window. Seeing that the sun in the sky had reached its peak, the young man thought that there was still time for him to do some last minute preparations.
"At the entrance of the Blacksmith Guild," replied Julian, waving farewell to the young man soon after. "I'll personally escort you there."
"Got it." Nodding as he waved back farewell in response, Valyr watched Julian's silhouette disappear from his field of vision before focusing his attention towards the weapon he had made.
"I guess I might have some use for you in the inheritance." Smiling in satisfaction as the weapon was the culmination of all his effort so far, the young man went ahead and tied a long loop of cordage around it before slinging it around his back. After that, he stored the leftover cordage and gunpowder mixture he had made prior into his spatial bracelet.
Double checking to see if he had forgotten anything, the young man bitterly smiled as he grabbed the spear he had forged for Wells at the very last minute, affixing it to his back as well.
"That's pretty much everything, I guess." Checking one more time to see if he had forgotten anything, it was only then did the young man finally leave the workshop, bringing along many items with him in tow.
For the meantime, he was going to make a detour to where Wells and Edward were.
Chapter 571: A Parting Conversation

"And thus, he decides to finally show up." Opening the door that led to the room they were staying in, Valyr was instantly greeted by a mocking voice, prompting him to bitterly smile in response. "What took you so long?"
"I was holed up in the Blacksmith Guild all this time." Staring at the man before him that had his arms crossed, Valyr faintly chuckled. "Doesn't my current appearance already make that obvious?"
"How would I know whether the items you brought along were forged or bought?" In response, Wells looked back at the young man with a raised eyebrow, only to let out a bit of laughter not long after as he put down his arrogant facade. "Man, keeping that up was hard."
"Anyways, it's been a while." Sharing a bit of laughter between the two of them, the man went ahead and embraced Valyr before proceeding to catch up on what the other side was doing during the time they had not seen each other.
"Seriously, you upgraded your armor set in preparation for the inheritance?" Listening to Valyr recount what he had done during the past few days, Wells' eyes widened in disbelief. "Hasn't your armor set already reached Epic grade or something?"
"It has." Valyr nodded, taking off the set of armor as he moved all of them to his portion of the room one by one. "However, we don't know what I might come across within the inheritance, so I enhanced my armor just for safe measure."
"How about the items you've been carrying on your back?" With Valyr moving back and forth from his part of the room to the main living area multiple times, it did not take long for Wells to notice the two other items on the young man's back aside from his spear.
In fact, seeing that there was another spear on Valyr's back, a few expectant thoughts popped up in the man's mind. Though, with the young man talking about the inheritance and how he was preparing for it, Wells eventually thought that Valyr had forged the spear for the inheritance.
Which was why Wells was left at a loss for words when the young man gave the other spear to him.
"One of them is something I might be using in the inheritance," replied Valyr with a slight grin, referring to the primitive gun he had made. "As for the other spear I brought along with me, it's naturally something I forged that was meant for you."
"This…" Feeling at a slight loss for words, Wells could only stare at the simple-looking spear that was given to him, thinking that its appearance was not much different from the metal spear he had been using all this time. However, with his senses being enhanced after ascending through the ranks, he knew that an immense amount of strength slumbered within the spear, just waiting for him to tap into it.
"…" Unsurprisingly, the man only became even more speechless once he took a look at the spear's stats. Being a massive improvement to the spear he was wielding before, Wells truly did not know what to say, even going so far as to faintly wonder whether his friend would charge him for the spear.
"With how I've been mostly forging stuff for myself and for money, I realized that I haven't really forged anything for you yet." Fortunately, such thoughts were non-existent in the young man's mind, instead feeling happy for his good friend for getting his hands on an incredibly good spear. "Because of that, you don't have to pay me anything back for this one."
At those words, Wells felt tears starting to well up around his eyes, inwardly questioning himself as to why he had gotten emotional all of a sudden. Nevertheless, he eventually let those tears flow, silently sobbing as the young man gave him some alone time. .
…
"So, you gained a subclass from Elder Noel?" After Wells had stopped crying, the two of them continued where their conversation had left off, with Wells narrating to Valyr about what he had done in the Spearman Guild.
"Yeah." As he nodded in response, Wells thought about the other item Valyr had on his back, prompting him to ask about it in their conversation earlier. With the young man only telling him that it was a unique type of ranged weapon, he was forced to move onto another topic, talking about his experiences involving Noel with a slight grin.
"I don't know if you had anything to do it, but once people from the Spearman Guild found out that I had the True Spear Scholar class, Elder Noel instantly approached and offered me a subclass that would synergize with my current class well."
"Perhaps, you could even say that it's a better fit compared to the subclass you wanted to give me," added the man not long after, prompting Valyr to let out a faint chuckle in response.
"As long as you think it synergizes with your main class well, then that's great," said Valyr, only for a question to pop up in his mind not long after. "Speaking of which, where's Edward?"
"At the Spearman Guild." Hearing those words from Wells, the young man widened his eyes in slight surprise. Fortunately, just as he was about to ask why the kid was there, his good friend began to explain.
"After I had gotten the subclass from Elder Noel, I brought Edward to the Experience Pit just like you said," Wells told Valyr, to which the latter nodded as he continued to listen. "I don't know if this was the reason why you brought him in, but Edward is actually pretty good at combat with all things considered."
"He was so good, in fact, that Elder Noel, who decided to tag along since he had nothing else to do that day, decided to make Edward his direct disciple."
"Is that so?" At those words, Valyr did not know whether to laugh or cry. After all, according to his past life, the kid had picked up the way of the sword at first, only to comprehend a sword concept after that, beginning his journey to becoming the Grand Marshal of the Zeihardt Sovereignty.
However, perhaps as a joke by the heavens, or perhaps due to his influence, Edward had begun his journey in combat by picking up the way of the spear instead, which was something he and Wells were also following.
'I guess I've drastically changed the storyline of this world yet again.' Bitterly chuckling on the inside, Valyr could only let out a sigh as he and Wells continued their conversation, only stopping after both of them had fully caught up with what the other was doing.
Chapter 572: Final Preparations

"I don't know how long I'll be out to explore the inheritance, but do take care of Edward while I'm gone." Seeing that their conversation was over, Valyr took a look outside one of the room's windows to check the time, only for his eyes to widen in surprise as he found out a couple of hours had passed.
Taking opportunity of the fact that the two had pretty much said everything they needed to say, the young man placed the primitive gun he had forged into his part of the room before bidding farewell to his friend to the meantime, telling him that he was heading to the Boundless Skill Pavilion.
In response, Wells told him to take care of himself while he was out, to which the young man responded in a nod as the door leading out their room was eventually closed.
Staring at the closed door for a while, the expression on Wells' face changed multiple times. By the end of it, he let out a sigh as he headed back to his part of the room, the thoughts currently swirling in his mind unknown to the others.
As for Valyr, after leaving the inn the three of them were staying in, the young man swiftly made his way to the Boundless Skill Pavilion to grab some skills he felt were essential during his exploration of the Four Pillars' Inheritance.
Considering that he would still return to the inn once he was finished with his shopping spree, he did not bother wearing his upgraded armor set, only making sure that [Enhanced Polymorph] was active along the way.
Once there, one of the attendants came up to him and asked him as to what kind of skills he wanted to buy from the pavilion. Knowing exactly what skills he would need for the inheritance tomorrow, the young man directly told the attendant helping him the names of the skills, prompting the attendant to go silent for a bit.
"Please follow me, sir." Thankfully, it did not take long for the attendant to give Valyr a response, urging the latter to follow them as they traversed a considerable portion of the Boundless Skill Pavilion. Eventually, the two of them arrived at a part of the pavilion the young man was familiar with, which was the section containing passive skill books.
'It's a shame I can't comprehend the original skills again after combining them into a new skill,' thought the young man himself as he searched through the various bookshelves before him. 'If I could, I would've bought those passive skills again. Imagine how strong I would become if those skills stacked with [Unearthed Innate Potential]?'
Allowing his mind to briefly daydream about such possibilities, Valyr went ahead and grabbed [Innate Regeneration] and [Innate Energy Regeneration] from one of the bookshelves in front of him. Unlike the other passive skills in the past with the word 'Innate' on them, these two skills had not been part of the combination, allowing its effects to stack with the boosted regeneration brought by [Unearthed Innate Potential].
Heading to another part of the passive skill book section, the young man then shifted his thoughts to skills that went beyond combat. Considering that he and the others would be probably be exploring the inheritance for quite a long time, Valyr thought that it wouldn't be bad to complement his current skill set with lifestyle skills.
With that, he went ahead and grabbed [Basic Cooking], [Basic First Aid], and [Basic Mending]. Thinking about whether or not there were other lifestyle skills he had missed, the young man eventually thought that he had pretty much grabbed all of the passive skills he deemed necessary for this journey, prompting him and the attendant to head to the active skill book section.
…
'Hmm… now that I think about it, I don't really have a lot of defensive skills in my arsenal.' Arriving at another part of the Boundless Skill Pavilion, the thought arose in the young man's mind. Though he did have skills that bolstered his defense, such as [Defense Aura+], it was not a skill that truly defended against an attack.
Of course, he did have [Dark Serpentine Repulsion] from [Shadow Serpent Combat Style], which was a defensive skill in every sense of the word. However, with how his strength would weaken the longer he used the spear in combat, he considered the skill as something he'd only use when extremely needed.
With that, he felt like he had to obtain a couple of actual defensive skills, even though he had no need on it so far. Having no knowledge of what the inheritance might contain, he wanted to be safe than sorry, knowing that the walls he would conjure from the ground could only defend him from so much.
'I should also expand my arsenal of healing skills, considering that those skills finally scale accordingly to my INT stat.' While looking through the active skill book section for defensive skills he might have use for, a similar thought popped up in the young man's mind soon after, increasing the number of skills he had to find.
By the end of his perusal through the pavilion's active skill book section, Valyr had picked up a total of three defensive skills. Two of the defensive skills were based on his mastery of mana, which were named [Mana Barrier] and [Mana Shield], while the remaining defensive skill was based on the strength of his vitality, which was named [Bulwark of Life].
While the first two defensive skills were self-explanatory, [Bulwark of Life] would create a layer of invisible armor above Valyr's skin, reducing the amount of damage he would take based on how high his VIT and Vigor stat was. The only downsides to it were the fact that it consumed a lot of mana to create and it took a lot of time for him to be able to activate after dispelling it.
As for healing skills, he had only obtained two, which were [Inferior Regeneration] and [Inferior Group Heal]. With [Lesser Heal] already under his belt, he had more or less covered every possible scenario that needed healing, with the only scenario to be exempted from that being instant death.
Seeing as he had already grabbed defensive and healing skills to fill out his arsenal, the young man eventually decided to grab some support skills as well, allowing him to truly round out his abilities. Knowing that the others had support skills of their own that would greatly buffed their combat strengths, he decided to grab some skills that would allow their exploration of the inheritance to become a bit easier.
"[Feather Steps] and [Inferior Lightweight]." Grabbing these two skills, Valyr nodded in satisfaction as he felt like he had grabbed all of the skills he would need for the journey. Unlike [Fleeting Feet], which had become a part of [Limit Break], [Feather Steps] increased a person's movement speed by a considerable degree proportional to their AGI. As for [Inferior Lightweight], it allowed one's body to feel lighter, which would reduce the amount of stamina they would consume during their journey.
'Hmm… should I grab some debuff skills as well?' Going through all of the skills he had grabbed so far, the question popped up into the young man's mind. After all, even though all of them participating in the inheritance were strong in their own right, that did not mean that they would not come across an unbeatable enemy in the inheritance, where a debuff skill would make it easier.
'Nah.' However, after thinking about it for a bit, he decided not to do so, feeling like debuff skills were not his style. Plus, with [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] in his arsenal, he had no need for debuff skills whatsoever.
After all, he could just strike the enemy at their weakest.
With that, the young man turned to look at the attendant and told them that he was ready to check out. Nodding in response, the latter led the Valyr to the checkout section, arriving there a few minutes later.
…
"As you've grabbed a total of 12 skill books at Common grade, your total is 600 gold coins." Recording the skill books Valyr had grabbed from the pavilion, the cashier faintly nodded after making sure his records were not wrong.
"Here you go." Nodding in response to the price, Valyr went ahead and brought out his money pouch, taking out six platinum coins from it before placing them on the counter. After that, a moment of realization hit him, prompting him to take out a card from his spatial bracelet soon after. "I have to show this during checkout, right?"
"To think it would be an esteemed customer! My apologies!" Seeing the card Valyr had brought out, the cashier instantly became more polite, giving the young man a respectful bow.
Looking at Valyr to see if he was angry at him, the cashier inwardly let out a sigh of relief after seeing the young man not take offense to his earlier actions. Recovering from the surprise brought about by Valyr's card, the cashier took in a deep breath before nodding.
"To answer sir's question, that would be correct. As you're considered a Basic-level VIP member of the pavilion, the final price of your purchase shall be reduced by 10%, only needing you to pay 540 gold coins instead," said the cashier.
"I see." Nodding in understanding after the explanation, Valyr let the cashier do what he needed to do, placing all of the skill books he had bought into his spatial bracelet once the latter grabbed his money. Obtaining 60 gold coins as change, the young man stored the card back into his spatial bracelet as he prepared to leave.
"Thank you for patronizing the Boundless Skill Pavilion once again, esteemed customer!" Once the cashier had given Valyr his change, he gave the young man yet another respectful bow, which slightly annoyed the latter. However, this annoyance he felt swiftly disappeared once he heard the cashier's next words.
"If there's anything else the Boundless Skill Pavilion can do to help the esteemed customer out, we'll be glad to do so."
"Anything, you say?" At those words, a thought from a few days ago surfaced on the young man's mind, causing a slight grin to appear on Valyr's face. With the grin growing even wider, the man looked at the cashier before asking, "If that's the case…"
"Is it fine if I buy a spatial bracelet from your pavilion?"
Chapter 573: The Night Before Departure

"Well, that took longer than I thought it would." Leaving the Boundless Skill Pavilion with a smile on his face, Valyr tossed a spatial bracelet in the air a couple of times as if it were a toy. While doing so, he took a brief glance at the new spatial bracelet he now owned, its appearance no different from any other decorative bracelet.
'In any case, that's money well spent.' Grinning at the thought, Valyr recalled back to the sudden question he had asked the cashier, not being surprised to see the cashier remain unmoving for quite some time. After all, with the place being well-known for their selection of skill books, for a customer to request a spatial bracelet was definitely unheard of.
With that kind of thought, the cashier politely declined the request at first, reminding Valyr that the spatial bracelets the pavilion gave for free was for the sake of removing the burden the customers would have while carrying the skill books they bought. In response to those words, the young man merely smiled, taking out 10 platinum coins from his purse before placing it in front of the cashier.
As Valyr looked at the cashier after that, the latter instantly knew what the former was trying to do. Nevertheless, he remained steadfast, even though 10 platinum coins was already an exorbitantly high amount of money for someone like him.
"Heh…" Seeing the man before him unperturbed in front of such wealth, he more than doubled the amount of money on the counter, increasing the total of 25 platinum coins.
At this point, the cashier's eyes widened in disbelief, feeling multiple thoughts in his mind beginning to clash with one another. On one hand, the request Valyr wanted him to fulfill was incredibly simple, with the reward he would get from it allowing him to live life carefree for many years. On the other, if he allowed the young man to achieve what he wanted, there was a high chance he might be fired from his job.
After all, as far as he knew, the manager of the pavilion was incredibly strict when it came to having its employees obey the rules. As someone who earned a lot more from the pavilion aside from his pay through its skill books, the cashier did not want to give up his position that easily.
Unfortunately for the cashier, all those thoughts came crumbling once Valyr removed all of the platinum coins on the counter and replaced it with a single platinum card. Seeing the amount of money the young man had put down, it was as if every ounce of hesitation within the cashier's mind had been removed, prompting him to head back to the pavilion's storage and grab the spatial bracelet that had largest space.
'Money truly makes the world go round.' Inwardly chuckling at the cashier returning with the spatial bracelet, Valyr allowed the former to keep the platinum card he had brought out, earning him multiple words of gratitude. Then, once he had checked out that the new spatial bracelet had more space than his current one, only then did the young man leave the Boundless Skill Pavilion.
With him obtaining his first spatial bracelet after spending a total of 20 platinum coins in the Boundless Skill Pavilion, the space within his new spatial bracelet was more than 10 times larger than it, even though the amount he spent was only five times as much.
"Hehe…" Returning his thoughts back to the present, Valyr took a look at the sky to see that there was still a couple of hours left before the sun would set. Thinking about how many items he could now store within his new spatial bracelet, the young man decided to finish off his final preparations for the inheritance by buying as much rations and potions with his remaining money.
"Ah, right. I also need utensils, a tent, and a sleeping bag." Finalizing the list of things he needed to buy in his mind by adding a few more things, it was only did Valyr start moving, returning to the inn with all of the items he had bought in his spatial bracelet just before sunset.
…
"Oh, Edward! You're back." Though he was a bit tired from walking around the entire kingdom to obtain the items he needed, a smile still hung on his face once he arrived at the room he and the other two were staying in. Seeing Edward resting in the main living area with Wells, the smile on Valyr's face only grew wider.
"Ah! Valyr!" With how long it had been since the kid had seen him, a look of joy and gratitude appeared on Edward's face as he came up to Valyr and hugged him. Unsurprisingly, the young man returned the hug back, slightly grinning as the two of them let go of each other sometime later.
"You've grown stronger since the last time I saw you," said Valyr to Edward as he wore his old spatial bracelet over his other wrist, deciding to sort all of his items out once he was alone. "From what Wells told me, you've been accepted by Elder Noel as his direct disciple?"
"That would be correct." As Edward responded in a somewhat cheerful mood, Valyr inwardly nodded with a smile. After all, in just a few days while he was away at the Blacksmith Guild, the kid's personality had undergone a massive change, feeling as if he were talking to a kid that had not gone through all of Edward's past hardships.
"Does that mean you picked up the spear, then?" Asking this question to the kid, the young man recalled the conversation he and Julian had about Edward's family. Just as he was wondering whether or not to tell the kid about it, all of a sudden, Edward flared the entirety of his aura, which made Valyr raised his eyebrows in curiosity.
"Not only that, but Elder Noel helped me reached the peak of Rank 0," said Edward in response, his expression brimming with glee. "According to him, I only need a few more days before I can ascend to Rank 1."
"Is that so?" Happy that the kid seemed motivated to get stronger, Valyr decided to take a look at the kid's stats with [Greater Analysis] after asking the latter if he was fine with it. Getting a response back that it was fine, the young man went ahead and took a look at Edward's stats in greater detail, only for him to raise his eyebrows in slight surprise not long after.
'Well, color me surprised.'
'Noel really went all out on this kid.'
Chapter 574: More than Prepared

Ding!
[Edward Jerome Imperio]
Class: Civilian (Rank 0) .
Species: Human
Level: 10
Power Level: 294 (C+)
Unused XP: 3,524
HP: 330/330
MP: 320/320
Attack: 70 - 70
Defense: 66 - 66
Stats: 33 VIT, 35 STR, 33 AGI, 35 DEX, 32 INT, 30 WIS, 33 PER, 28 LUK
Remarks: Could give even those at Rank 1 a run for their money.
Taking a close look at Edward's stats, Valyr inwardly sucked in a breath of cold air. After all, all of the kid's stats had exceeded his even after he had taken the entire set of Basic Reinforcement Elixir.
'Imperio, huh…' Though, after reminding himself that the kid would become the Grand Marshal of the Zeihardt Sovereignty in the future, the young man gradually calmed down, instead focusing his attention on the surname that appeared on the kid's status screen.
From what he could recall from his past life, the Imperio surname used to be held in high regard by the entire human race, being renowned as one of the strongest Imperial clans under the Zeihardt clan. However, due to some unforeseen circumstances, the leader of the Imperio clan had made a grave mistake, reducing the entire clan to its current state in just over a thousand years.
Fortunately, as if it was destined from the start, Edward's rise to fame revived the Imperio clan, allowing it to return to its previous standing as an Imperial clan thanks to the meritorious feats the man had achieved during the War of the Three Sovereignties.
'Though, with how Edward's stats are higher than what I had back then, I presume the Grand Marshal position wouldn't be his final stop.' Closing up the screen in front of him, the young man decided to tell Edward about the conversation he and Julian had, which made the kid frown at first. To him, any mention of the Nicholas clan brought a lot of bad memories to him.
However, as Valyr talked more and more about it, Edward's expression went through multiple changes, eventually stopping on surprise and gratitude. After all, from what he had heard from the young man in front of him, he and his parents were now considered free from the Nicholas clan's grasp, returning their social status to citizens of the Algerie Kingdom.
At this thought, tears started flow down Edward's face, not expecting such a turn of events to arrive so soon. Knowing that the kid was shedding tears of joy from the matter, the young man decided to leave Edward be for the meantime, excusing himself from the two as he made his way to his part of the room.
…
"I should really head to sleep soon." Lying down on his bed for a couple of minutes, Valyr eventually sat on the side of his bed as he began to transfer all of the items he used to store on his old spatial bracelet into his new one. Leaving the skill books he had just bought to the side, he then transferred a portion of the items he had bought earlier into his old spatial bracelet, deciding to re-purpose the bracelet as a backup.
"I should really get my hands on spatial magic still." Taking a quick glance to see how Edward was doing, the young man could only smile once he saw the kid become more cheerful than ever as he stored the entire True Wyvern Armor into his new spatial bracelet. "Then again, this much space is more than enough for me for now."
With all of the items he had prepared for the journey into the inheritance tomorrow already organized, Valyr took in a deep breath as he shifted his attention towards the stack of skill books beside him. Hearing Wells from the main living area tell him that he and Edward were to go eat dinner outside, the young man waited for the two of them leave before proceeding to comprehend the skill books he had bought.
Ding! Ding! Ding!
[You have gained the passive skill 'Innate Regeneration'.]
[You have gained the passive skill 'Innate Energy Regeneration'.]
[You have gained…]
Having gone through the process of comprehending skill books many times back then, Valyr only felt a slight burden to his mind as the influx of information from the skills he had just learned bombarded his mind. With how much his strength had improved, his limits as to how many skills he could comprehend at once had also improved, allowing him to process and organize the knowledge he had gained without a problem.
"Next up is to level them up and evolve them." Giving his mind some time to rest from the influx of information, the young man took a deep breath as he began to max out all of the skills he had gotten one by one. After that, he took a look at his skill list to see if there were any other skills that were left unleveled, eventually finding out that there were.
Ding!
[Would you like to consume 3 Common grade Skill Keys and 553,556 XP to upgrade 'Shadow Serpent Magic Style', 'Basic Shadow Energy Manipulation', and 'Basic Mystic Energy Manipulation' to Uncommon grade?]
"Yes." Confirming the prompt that had appeared in front of him, Valyr made a note to take a look at the description of some of the skills in his list, recalling that he had still not looked at some of them after all this time. Two great examples of that would be [Shadow Serpent Magic Style] and [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], both of which the young man knew would prove definitely useful during his journey into the inheritance.
Ding! Ding! Ding!
Hearing a series of notification sounds resound in his mind, Valyr allowed the influx of information to inundate his mind as he felt his knowledge and understanding certain things to deepen. Then, after taking a considerably long break, he then upgraded all of the skills he had just bought and the three skills that were left unleveled to the peak of Uncommon grade.
It was only at that moment did Valyr feel a great amount of burden on his mind, causing him to wryly smile.
"Haah…" Nevertheless, having experienced far worse sensations in the past, the great mental burden he felt gradually subsided, which allowed Valyr to finally relax. Lying down on his bed as he decided to skip dinner for the night, the young man slowly closed his eyes as he asked himself whether he had forgotten anything important one last time.
"Hmm... I do still have that vial of Might and the Outer Realm Scripture..." muttered the young man to himself as those two items came to mind. "I'll just bring them along with me into the inheritance in the off chance I need them."
"Other than that, I'm pretty much more than prepared for tomorrow." Nevertheless, the answer he arrived at was more or less the exact opposite, allowing him to have a sound sleep as he fell into deep slumber minutes later.
Chapter 575: The Day of Departure

"Mngh…" Waking a couple hours earlier than he usually did, it took a while for Valyr to get out of bed. Though, once his consciousness finally came to, he swiftly went through his usual daily routine, changing into a fresh set of clothes half an hour after he had gotten up.
'Let's double check if I've forgotten anything.' With how early it was in the day, the young man made sure to not make a lot of noise whenever he moved. Taking a long look at his room, as well as the contents of his two spatial bracelets, Valyr eventually nodded in satisfaction after confirming that he had brought everything he would need.
Briefly looking at both Wells and Edward soundly asleep in their respective parts of the room, a slight smile gradually crept up onto the young man's lips as he faintly chuckled. Making his way to the door, a thought popped up in Valyr's mind, prompting him to send a message to Wells before he left.
"Take care of yourself and Edward, okay?" Feeling like their conversation yesterday and this message he had sent conveyed everything he needed to say, only then did the young man finally leave the inn, eventually arriving at the Blacksmith Guild sometime later.
…
"Ate breakfast yet?" Seeing a young man in casual clothes head to the Blacksmith Guild under the gradually disappearing moonlight, Julian flashed a grin as he greeted the young man.
"With how important this day is for many people, I couldn't bring myself to take a detour." Greeting Julian back, Valyr flashed a wry smile as his stomach slightly rumbled all of a sudden. "Also, what's the status on the talks with the other directors?"
"Still in the process of talking with them, but I believe they'll eventually agree." Bitterly smiling in response to his question, Julian took out something from his spatial bracelet before giving it to the young man. Seeing that the man gave him some food to munch on, Valyr did not hesitate to eat the whole thing, thanking Julian in the process. "It's just a matter of you getting out of the inheritance as soon as possible."
"So, where are we heading?" Nodding as he finished the food he had been given in just a couple of minutes, the young man rubbed his stomach in relief as he asked this question.
"The Imperial Production Guild," replied Julian as he began to head in the place's general direction. "All of us shall convene there before heading to where the inheritance is located."
Nodding in understanding, the young man followed behind Julian as the two of them increased their pace. Pushing their speed to near the limits of what Valyr's AGI stat could handle, the two eventually arrived at the entrance of the Imperial Production Guild within a couple of minutes.
…
"To think you'd be the one escorting us to the inheritance this time around, Elder Faulerei." As both Valyr and Julian had arrived at the Imperial Production Guild, the two of them were slightly surprised that a group of people were already there. Though, with almost all of them having the insignia of the Imperial Production Guild on their clothing, that feeling swiftly disappeared. "I see Braum shall be accompanying us as well."
"Glad to be seeing you again, Julian." Hearing his name be called, Braum looked in Julian's direction before giving the latter a wide grin. Not long after, he noticed the young man accompanying Julian, inwardly chuckling as he knew who he truly was. "I see you've also brought Ylvar as well."
"Well, he is the guild's chosen candidate for the inheritance, after all," said Julian with a bit of laughter. Though, after that, his expression went solemn as he turned to look at Faulerei. "How long till the inheritance opens?"
"Roughly two more hours," Faulerei responded, his expression neutral. "Let us wait for the other candidates to arrive before we depart."
Hearing those words, Julian and Valyr looked at each other before slightly shrugging their shoulders. Initially, they thought that the others had already arrived before them while they made their way to the guild. Because of that, it was no surprise that the two of them hastened their paces, only for reality to be the exact opposite.
Feeling that they would be waiting for quite some time, the two of them engaged in conversation with people they knew from the Imperial Production Guild. With that, Julian went ahead and talked with Elder Faulerei about topics other than the Four Pillars' Inheritance, while Valyr approached Braum and the others, catching up on what the other side had been doing.
"Did you know Merdus is here?" While talking about the skirmish against the orcs after running out of topics to discuss, Braum posed this question to Valyr all of a sudden, causing the latter to look around. Fortunately, it did not take long for the former mayor of Clossbay City to appear in his field of vision, donning a full suit of armor that had the insignia of the Imperial Production Guild on it.
"So, that's where he ended up after the arrest," said Valyr in response, nodding in understanding as he recalled the incident that transpired in Clossbay. Recalling what Braum had said back then, the young man felt like Merdus' current position made a lot of sense. "What happened to Lucas, though?"
"He's at Clossbay," replied Madeline, one of the members of Braum's reconnaissance team. "Though we did arrest him for his crimes, the Hekaetos clan swiftly paid for his freedom after finding out his whereabouts."
"If it's any consolation, not a lot of people frequent the Hekaetos Forging Emporium anymore," said Paul as he continued where Madeline left off. Then, with a knowing smile, he added, "As far as I've heard, something called the Crimson Forge is being frequented by more people recently?"
"Is that so?" Chuckling at Paul's words, the group continued to talk a bit more about Merdus after that, telling Valyr about how he was initially a member of the lower-ranking reconnaissance teams of the guild. However, with his talent and strength, he was able to work his way up the ladder and become part of the guild's 4th Reconnaissance Team, which was one of the teams selected by the guild to accompany them on the journey to the Four Pillars' Inheritance.
After that, not much conversation had occurred as the other candidates of the inheritance arrived one by one with their escorts a few minutes later. Seeing as all of the chosen candidates for the inheritance had gathered at the Imperial Production Guild's entrance, Elder Faulerei faintly nodded in satisfaction as he attracted the attention of everyone in the surroundings.
"Before we depart for the inheritance, I have something to tell to the candidates that would enter the inheritance." At these words, Valyr and the others looked at Faulerei with curiosity. Though, once they heard the man's next words, smiles appeared on all of their faces.
"The Imperial Production Guild… no. The entire human race thanks you four for allowing the Four Pillars' Inheritance to be finally explored in its entirety." .
"With that…"
"Let us depart!"
Chapter 576: A Few Reminders

Whoosh!
At the very moment Faulerei had finished his words, a platform made out of mana appeared beneath the feet of everyone involved in the journey to the Four Pillars' Inheritance. Not long after, these platforms began to hover off the ground as everyone was forced to use their own mana to stabilize themselves.
"Hold on tight." As Faulerei said these words, it did not take long for everyone else to realize that he had been the one to create the platforms. Though amazed at the level of strength the old man had shown them, everyone still focused their attention on stabilizing themselves as everyone began to head away from the kingdom under Faulerei's control.
…
Swoosh!
Though Faulerei was controlling the platforms of over 30 people at once, the old man did not seem the least bit burdened as everyone zoomed through the vast plains on the outskirts of the Algerie Kingdom. For some, the sight outside the kingdom was something they were just seeing for the first time, causing them to look around with expressions of wonder and awe on their faces.
As for Julian, Valyr, and a great portion of the reconnaissance teams part of the journey, they instead looked at the surroundings with a solemn expression. With how the orcs had infiltrated the Akashic Battlefield without anyone noticing less than two weeks earlier, all of them remained vigilant, reminding themselves that there was a chance for the orcs to ambush them along the way.
After all, with how large their group was, and how they were heading further into the outskirts of the kingdom, the orcs would eventually realize that they were heading to somewhere important.
Fortunately, during their entire journey, they did not come across any of the orcs whatsoever. Because of that, those from the reconnaissance team that remained vigilant all this time let out a long sigh of relief, considering that their purpose in coming along was to protect the candidates from any sudden ambushes.
"We're here." Seeing that they had finally arrived at their intended location, Faulerei dispelled all of the platforms he had been controlling all this time, allowing everyone to explore their current surroundings in greater detail.
Then again, for the most part, everyone quickly gathered the fact that they had arrived at what looked to be the inner depths of a considerably large forest. Though everyone was tempted to take a look at their current location through the system's map, Faulerei had made them swear an oath to not divulge any information regarding the inheritance's location to others.
With that, almost all of them had shifted their attention towards the large structure before them.
"A gate…" Muttering these words to himself, Valyr had a solemn expression on his face as he intently looked at what he felt to be the entrance to the inheritance.
Made out of what looked to be locally-sourced stone, the structure looked like a gate inspired by gate designs usually found in the east part of the continent. Aside from that, a few stone wheels of varying sizes were embedded on the ground in a specific position in front of the gate, all of them containing exquisite carvings.
After looking at the entire thing for a bit more, the young man began to wonder whether they had arrived at the right place, feeling nothing unique from the structure. At this point, many among the group began to feel like the entire thing felt like a large art piece made by a reclusive artist that wanted to leave a mark in the world.
However, these thoughts all changed once Faulerei walked deeper into the structure, stepping on the largest stone wheel found in the center.
"Haah!"
Swoosh!
As the old man flared the entirety of his aura, it was as if the structure had come to life. Out of nowhere, a ray of golden energy shone down on the large stone gate, only for this ray of energy to spread throughout the various stone wheels located throughout the place.
One by one, the carvings on the stone wheels began to be filled with this golden energy, starting from the stone wheels that were farthest from the gate before making their way inward. Eventually, most of this golden energy congregated onto four stone wheels found on the four corners of the largest stone wheel, prompting Valyr and the other candidates to look at each other before nodding.
"The entire structure has been gathering energy for the entire decade, all for the purpose of being opened once more." Nodding in satisfaction as he watched Valyr and the others step onto the four golden wheels, Faulerei looked at the others before deciding to explain more.
"However, unlike other inheritances, which would open automatically on its own accord, this structure would only open once it has achieved two conditions: the first being the accumulation of enough energy, and the second being the aura of a Legend."
At those words, the eyes of Valyr and the other three widened in surprise. Though they were amazed by the fact that Faulerei could still wield a lot of strength, thoughts of the old man being a Legend did not cross their minds at all. At most, they expected him to be an Epic, or at least be close to becoming a Legend.
"Now, with the four candidates having taken their respective spots, the entrance to the Four Pillars' Inheritance will open once I leave this spot." Glancing at Valyr and the others for a bit, Faulerei continued his explanation, this time addressing it to the four. "With that, I'll take this time to tell the four entering the inheritance a few reminders."
"First off, one day inside the inheritance is equivalent to two weeks on the outside," said the old man, causing frowns to appear on Valyr and the other candidates. Being the chosen talents of their respective guilds, all of them knew that their presence could provide a lot of help in the skirmish against the orcs. In fact, some of them even began to hesitate entering the inheritance because of it.
With how large the time dilation was between the inheritance and the real world, over three months would have passed if they were to stay in the inheritance for a week. What more to say if they stayed in the inheritance for a longer time?
At that point, they might not have a kingdom to return to.
"With that being said, though you could take your time exploring the entirety of the inheritance, I still hope you keep in mind the time difference between the two," continued Faulerei after giving the four enough time to think, to which the four eventually nodded in response. "Due to the immense difference in time, the ability to communicate with those from the outside world is disabled after you enter the inheritance, so I'd suggest you send your messages to your loved ones before you enter."
Hearing that, the four looked back at Faulerei with a calm expression, prompting the latter to realize that they had already done so before coming here. Nodding in satisfaction, the old man went ahead and gave the four his final reminder. "Though the first two reminders are important, this final reminder I shall be giving you is the most important of them all."
Perking up their ears, Valyr and the other three listened attentively to what Faulerei had to say. However, once the old man was finished talking, everyone looked at him with confused expressions.
"Ascend to Rank 3 as soon as you can."
Chapter 577: Entering The Four Pillars

Hearing Faulerei's final reminder, Valyr and the other three looked at each other in confusion, wondering whether what they had heard was correct. From what they could recall, and from what they had been told all this time, the inheritance would only accept candidates that were at the peak of Rank 2 at most.
Yet, the elder from the Imperial Production Guild was telling them to ascend to the next rank as soon as possible? Was he telling them to ascend right now?
"Elder Faulerei, I apologize for asking." Wanting to know why the elder had blurted it out all of a sudden, Hal decided to ask him in the stead of others. "If I remember correctly, the reason why we've limited ourselves to the peak of Rank 2 is so that we could enter the inheritance, right?"
Looking at Hal, Faulerei nodded in response. "That is correct."
"Since that's the case, wouldn't ascending to the next class rank sound counterintuitive?" At those words, a great part of the group nodded in agreement. After all, as far as they knew, entering the Four Pillars' Inheritance could only be done before the candidate has ascended to Rank 3.
Fortunately, at that moment, the elder's words clicked in some of the people's minds, finally understanding what he was trying to say. Seeing that, Faulerei flashed a wry smile as he continued to look at Hal. "It seems you've misinterpreted my words."
"I'm not asking you four to ascend to Rank 3 right now," said Faulerei. "I'm asking you four to ascend after you've entered the inheritance."
"Ahh…" Thankfully, with those words, the four finally understood. Inferring from what the elder had told them, they only needed to be at the peak of Rank 2 to enter the inheritance proper. However, once they got in, the strength limit did not matter anymore, allowing them to ascend to the next class rank without a problem.
Then, with a greater level of strength, they would be able to explore more of the inheritance and obtain more out of it.
"Aside from what you might be thinking, ascending within the inheritance also increases the abysmal concentration of mana within the inheritance by a considerable degree." Giving the four and the others time to think, Faulerei faintly nodded with a slight smile. "As we continue having more people enter the inheritance, the concentration of ambient mana within the inheritance will eventually be equal to the concentration of ambient mana here."
"In any case, I have told you four everything you need to be reminded of." Feeling like now was time for the four to enter, Faulerei started to walk off the large stone wheel at the center, causing the golden energy within the structure to start moving. Within seconds, the golden energy within the stone wheels at the structure's periphery made their way to the stone gate, gradually opening a rift as more and more golden energy was absorbed by the gate.
"To the four of you, I wish you all the best of luck and a bountiful harvest." Standing where the four's escorts and the reconnaissance teams were, the old man looked at the rift with a wide grin as he watched the four gradually make their way into the rift.
However, just as the first person among the four was about to enter the rift…
"Wait a second!" All of a sudden, everyone in the area looked in the direction of the voice, with some of them becoming slack-jawed at the sight of the two people that had arrived.
"Imperial Alchemist!" Faulerei was the first one to recognize one of the two people that had arrived, giving them a respectful half-bow as the two gradually landed on the clearing before the structure. "Might I ask what brings you and your apprentice here?"
"What else if not for the Four Pillars' Inheritance?" Hearing the question directed at her, Mystia let out a bit of laughter as she wrapped her arms around the shoulders of the one she brought along. "I plan on having my apprentice here join the four right there in their exploration of the inheritance. Would that be fine with you, Faulerei?"
At those words, Faulerei slightly frowned. "Your apprentice, Vera?"
Looking at the young woman that had accompanied Mystia, the old man felt like she could not match even the weakest among the four chosen candidates in terms of strength. However, after looking at her for a while, he eventually felt a mysterious aura passively emanating from her body, causing his eyes to widen in surprise as it felt familiar.
'Why does she has a similar aura to the Imperial Alchemist?' asked Faulerei himself, wracking his brain to come up with a plausible answer. Though, in the end, he let out a low sigh, nodding as he gestured for Vera to join the other four.
"I may not be sure as to what might happen if five people were to enter the inheritance," said Faulerei. "However, considering that we've attempted to have multiple people enter the inheritance in the past and all of them left unscathed, your apprentice can tag along."
Hearing that Vera could join in, a wide smile swiftly appeared on Mystia's face. "Don't worry, Faulerei. I'll make it up to you once all of them have returned from the inheritance."
"If that's what the Imperial Alchemist wishes to do, then I shall express my sincerest gratitude in advance." Though he was inwardly ecstatic at obtaining her favor, Faulerei made sure to not show it on the outside, shifting his attention on the five that would enter the inheritance.
'Vera's joining us, huh.' Seeing Vera walk up to them, Valyr shifted his attention towards Mystia, who noticed the young man looking at her. Winking at him with a slight grin, she swiftly returned her attention back to Elder Faulerei while Valyr tried to understand what she meant by her sudden gesture.
'Ah, whatever.' In the end, the young man decided to put those thoughts to the side for the meantime, returning his attention on the rift in front of him. As they had to go through the rift one by one, Valyr decided to be the last to enter, having Vera go before him.
However, just as Valyr's turn to enter the rift had arrived, a notification sound had resounded in his mind. Taking a look at what notification he had received, he looked at Mystia once more as various expressions briefly appeared on his face.
'What are you planning?' Faintly scratching the back of his head at the notification he had received, he had decided to put the thought to the side for the meantime as well, finally entering the rift that would lead them to the inheritance.
Chapter 578: Blackflower Company

Earth, somewhere in Japan.
Within one of the outer prefectures making up its main city, a tall skyscraper could be seen, dwarfing almost every building within a kilometer around it. Near the topmost portion of the skyscraper was an office that had a wide view of the cityscape. At its center was a large desk made out of mahogany, where a woman in a sleek business suit could be seen looking through documents.
Knock. Knock. Knock.
"Come in," said the woman, causing the door to open as a young man made his way inside. Apologizing to the woman for the disturbance, he gradually made his way to where the woman was, giving to her the documents he had brought along.
"This is all of the information our company has gathered during the last few days, President." Though he was nervous, the young man did not dare to show it on the outside, maintaining a subservient posture as he waited for the response of the woman before him. "I hope it satisfies your curiosity."
"Whether or not it satisfies my curiosity will be something I'll find out on my own," replied the woman as she briefly nodded. Grabbing the documents the young man had brought with him, she began to flip through them one by one, a solemn expression covering his face.
However, after flipping through the documents for a while, her expression changed into that of ponderation as her eyes briefly widened in disbelief. "This is…"
Then, as if she had been possessed by some sort of devil, the woman continued to go through all of the documents, placing the entire thing on her desk as she closed her eyes. Eventually, she let out a low sigh as she slowly opened her eyes once more, faintly shaking her head as the information she had just read continued to linger in her mind.
"Good work, Kenji." Briefly glancing at the document the young man had brought, the woman soon shifted her attention to the former, giving him a faint smile. "With your work ethic, it won't take long for you to be promoted."
"For now, head back to work. I'll contact you when I have something else to request." At those words, a smile appeared on Kenji's face as he gave the woman a respectful half-bow. Then, after excusing himself, the young man left the room not long after, leaving the woman on her own once more.
Remaining seated for a bit longer, it was only when she was sure Kenji had left did the woman get up from her seat, letting out a long sigh as she stared out of the window behind her. Admiring the cityscape below her, she eventually asked herself, "Where could the Blackflower Company be located?"
At this question, her thoughts shifted back to what had happened almost a week ago.
During that time, the beta to a new True Immersion VRMMORPG had been released. Though a limited number of people had been specially chosen to enter it for the meantime, the entire event was still shared throughout the world. Because of that, the entire world had four days to look into the new game that was named Greater Beyond.
Whether it was the players that had been part of the beta or the people that had been watching the beta from the streams, all of them were at a loss for words at what Greater Beyond was capable of. Not only was everything incredibly lifelike, whether it was its graphics or its sensations, the fact that the passage of time was seven times slower within the game had astounded many of them.
To compare, the competing VRMMORPGs at the time only had a time dilation ratio of one to three, which was more than enough for many people. Then again, who would say no to a time dilation ratio that was more than twice as better than the previous?
With all of those elements, as well as the appearance of the five Leviathans of the VRMMORPG world, the game had generated a great amount of hype within those four days. Even though a few days had already passed since the beta was over, many people were still talking about the game. In fact, a cult-like following had even been created around the remaining time before the game's eventual public release.
"Over a month and a half still remains before it releases," muttered the young woman to herself, a hint of eagerness appearing on her face for a brief moment. Having experienced what it was like to be in the game firsthand thanks to the beta, her desire to play the game was far greater than the masses, even going so far as to contact the company behind Greater Beyond to get into the game earlier than the others.
Surprisingly, this woman was none other than the leader of Starry Night, the person that went under the alias Moonlight_Desire, Yuuna Takahashi.
"I wonder if the others have found traces of where the Blackflower Company is located?" Sporting a luscious head of pitch-black hair and irises as dark as the night sky, her appearance made her gave off the feeling that she was one's friendly neighbor of some sort.
Then again, her true personality was anything but, instead making one feel like she was the epitome of coldness, whether it be through her words or her demeanor.
"I should try and call Tianshen if he's found any leads." Taking in a few deep breaths while sorting out the thoughts in her mind, the woman returned to her desk before using her phone. Being the owner of the large conglomerate that the Starry Night gaming organization was a part of, it took a while for her to find the contact she wanted to call, placing her phone on her ear only after it connected.
"Hey there. What's made the great miss Takahashi call this lowly peasant?" Faintly chuckling, the man on the other side of the call initiated the conversation.
"Cut it out, Tianshen." Inwardly letting out a long sigh, Yuuna had a cold expression on her face as she responded in the same language as the man. "I'm here to ask if you've found any leads on the Blackflower Company."
"You're trying to find their leads as well?" replied Tianshen with slight surprise. "How's that going?"
"No luck," said Yuuna in response, subconsciously shaking her head. "You?"
At the question, Tianshen let out a low sigh. "No luck either. Do you think the other three would have already found leads on them?"
"With how our attempts turned out, probably not." Pondering over other ways they could obtain access to Greater Beyond early, the woman stood up from her seat before beginning to pace around the room. Eventually, after a bit more talking back and forth with Tianshen, an idea surfaced in her mind. .
"Now that I think about it, there's one other method we haven't tried using yet," said Yuuna all of a sudden during the conversation, piquing Tianshen's interest.
"And what would that be?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity, Tianshen waited for the other side to explain her thoughts, only to let out laughter not long after. "As expected from the owner of the Starry Night conglomerate."
"To think you'd suggest bribing them with money."
"Then again… it's not a bad idea."
Chapter 579: Four Pillars: Shattered Lands

Whoosh!
Entering the rift that would lead him to the Four Pillars' Inheritance, Valyr felt space pulling on him from all sides for a brief moment. Though, after having experienced the process of teleportation a few times already, the young man decided to close his eyes and endure the pulling sensation for a bit longer.
Opening his eyes once he felt like his feet landed on solid ground, the young man was somewhat surprised by the fact that walls were all around him, expecting to encounter a vast land in front of him instead. With the walls being made out of metal and fastened with rivets, Valyr felt like he was inside the hull of a ship for a brief moment.
Then again, he could not fully delude himself into believing that as the ground was made out of pure dirt.
"You took quite some time to arrive here." Just as he was about to explore the corridors that extended out of the place he appeared him, the four that came before him appeared and waved at him. "Did something happen in the outside world before you came here?"
Hearing the question Hal asked him, Valyr softly shook his head. "I just forgot to send a couple of important messages to some people, that's all."
"Anyways, what have you guys discovered so far?" As the others nodded in understanding, the young man asked this question.
"Not much," replied Faulus. "So far, we've come to the conclusion that we're in a labyrinth made out of metal of some sort. As for the mana issue Elder Faulerei has reminded us time and time again, that doesn't seem to exist here. The concentration of mana here is more or less the same as the concentration in the outside world."
"Is that so?" In response, Valyr could only nod.
After that, the others shared the findings they've found so far while exploring the place, which more or less matched up with what Faulus had told Valyr. Nevertheless, they still told him what they found out since he was the acting leader of the group.
Listening to everyone's experiences within this place so far, the young man felt an inclination to explore the place on his own. However, just as he was about to do so, a disembodied voice resounded throughout the entirety of the space.
"All of the necessary prerequisites have been met."
"All of the additional prerequisites have been met."
"External factors have been added to the equation."
"Opening up 100% of the Shattered Lands of the Four Pillars."
Rumble…
With the attention of the five focused on the words spoken by the disembodied voice, the entire space began to rumble all of a sudden, prompting everyone to stabilize themselves to the ground by manipulating a bit of mana. Though, rather than expecting something to be opened within the space or for something to appear…
What happened instead could only leave the five at a great loss for words.
Swoosh!
Gradually, the walls surrounding the five began to hover, eventually allowing them to find out that a vast landscape existed beyond the walls. Then again, all of their attention was still focused on the floating structure, which eventually stopped by the time it had reached an altitude of a couple dozen meters.
Whoosh!
Then, without any warning, the floating structure darted in the direction that went deeper into the landscape, leaving the five no choice but to look at the sight before them.
'Huh…' At the very instant Valyr laid his eyes upon the landscape in front of them, all he could think about was the fact that the entire landscape resembled the cityscapes Earth had aplenty. However, compared to the cityscapes of Earth, the cityscape that existed before him was in ruins, only being a sheckof its former glory.
"I see." While everyone was left in awe at the sight before them, Hal took note of the mana surrounding them, attracting everyone else's attention with his words. "Now I see why Elder Faulerei told us to ascend."
Looking at Hal, Faulus raised his eyebrow in curiosity. "What do you mean?"
"I feel like the structure we were in earlier had been storing most, if not all of the mana that was in this space," said Hal in response. "However, now that the structure had gone off into the distance, this mana has begun to scatter. The only reason we haven't taken good notice of the change is the fact a considerable portion of the mana is still lingering around us."
Listening to Hal's words, Valyr briefly closed his eyes as he sensed the mana that existed in their surroundings. After a minute or so, he opened it once more, looking at Hal as he nodded in agreement. "If all of the mana in our surroundings eventually spread throughout the space evenly, I'd say the concentration of mana here is around 1/100th of the concentration in the outside world."
"So, using magic here is only 1% effective compared to using it in the outside world?" asked Loreina in response. After all, among them, she was the one who relied on magic the most when it came to combat. .
In response, Valyr could only shrug his shoulders. "We'll find that out when we get there. For now, let's do what Elder Faulerei said and ascend to the next rank."
At those words, everyone nodded in agreement before proceeding to distance themselves from one another. After that, everyone sat cross-legged on the ground before going through their respective ascensions.
"System, I would like to ascend." Taking a brief look at everyone engrossed at the choices the system had given them, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to begin his ascension process to Rank 3.
Ding!
[2,908,993 XP has been consumed. You are now Level 41.]
[As you have ascended to a higher class, your VIT to HP coefficient has changed from 1:18 to 1:24.]
[As you have ascended to a higher class, your INT to MP coefficient has changed from 1:18 to 1:24.]
[Please select the species and class you would like to ascend with.]
Hearing a series of notification sounds resound in his mind, a faint smile appeared on the young man's face as a screen appeared in front of him. Looking through the choices that had been made available to him, Valyr eventually raised his eyebrows in slight surprise.
"Well… that's something I definitely wasn't expecting."
Chapter 580: Four Pillars: Ascension

Ding!
Please select the class you would like to take as your Rank 3 class:
High Elementalist (Rare)
Four Natures High Elementalist (Epic)
True Prodigious Blacksmith (Mythic)
Mystic Shadow Warlord (Legendary)
Six Paths True Elementalist (Legendary)
Blacksmith of the Three True Paths (Mythic)
…
'I see there's a lot more choices this time around.' Being made to choose the class he would have at Rank 3 by the system, Valyr decided to take his time looking through some of the high rarity classes made available to him. Even though the class he would choose to take for his ascension was already a given, the young man was still surprised by some of the choices. 'Oh? There's another Mythic class?'
Focusing his attention on the other Mythic class that had appeared as a choice on his system, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to bring up its description. Once the description of the class appeared on the screen beside the one he was already looking at, the young man read through it in detail, faintly nodding in understanding once he was finished.
'So, if I'm getting this right, this class basically replaces the entire forging process I've been doing with the three energies I currently have control over,' thought the young man to himself. While allowing the class' information to linger in his mind, he dispelled the screen containing its description.
Commanding the system to bring up descriptions of the other high-rarity classes that piqued his interest, Valyr eventually shook his head. 'Although it's definitely a strong class in its own right, it leans more towards blacksmithing from a more magic-based approach. That feeling only becomes even more prevalent if I consider the stat distribution of the class, which focuses more on INT and WIS.'
'Moving onto the next class.' Briefly pondering over which person he had already come across would excel with the Mythic class under their belt, the young man took a look at the classes that had the word 'Elementalist' on them.
From the name itself, an elementalist referred to a branch of mages that specialized in magic revolving around a certain element. If one were to think about it even further, becoming an elementalist seemed limited in terms of future growth.
However, there were actually multiple ways one could grow as an elementalist, with the simplest method among them involving the comprehension of another element.
As Valyr had picked up magic involving the four elements, it was no surprise that he had obtained a class corresponding to it, which was the Four Natures High Elementalist class. Though he had no plans to pick the class up, the skills available to the class definitely inspired him, such as one that allowed him to fuse the four basic elements together into a higher-ranked element.
Taking the Elementalist class one step further would be the Six Paths True Elementalist class, which the young man quickly figured out that it had become available thanks to his Shadow Energy and Mystic Energy.
Naturally, the skills available to the class went one step beyond what the Four Natures High Elementalist class was capable of, causing thoughts of fusing Shadow and Mystic Energy together to form in Valyr's mind.
'I gotta enter the Mystic Plane before then.' However, with how the quality and quantity of his Mystic Energy was disproportionate to his Shadow Energy, he would shelf the idea for the meantime, moving onto the last class that piqued his interest.
'Mystic Shadow Warlord.' Unlike the other classes he had previously looked at, this class leaned towards utilizing Shadow Energy and Mystic Energy from a more physical perspective. In fact, Valyr felt like he would have chosen this class for its superb combat ability if not for the fact his current class was one grade higher than it.
"Moving onto the species." Feeling more or less inspired by what some of the other classes were capable of, the young man went ahead and chose True Prodigious Blacksmith once more as the selection for his new species appeared in front of him.
Ding!
Please select the species you would like to take as your Rank 3 species:
Human (3rd Unsealing)
Kin of the Mystic Plane
Half-Serpent
Agent of the Shadow Plane
Shadow Slave
Human (Shadowforged)
High Human
Half-Shadow Serpent
'Most of the new choices are based on Shadow and Mystic Energy again, huh.' Taking a few deep breaths to compose himself, Valyr looked through the species he could choose to ascend to, with some of them he had seen during his ascension to Rank 2, which were Human (Shadowforged), Half-Serpent, and Half-Shadow Serpent.
Seeing them once more, Valyr was reminded that these three species were actually better than his current species in every way. After all, aside from increasing certain stats by a considerable percentage, these other species also gave him Racial Skills, which Human (2nd Unsealing) had none of.
However, as someone who had given up on seeing the species till the very end in his past life, Valyr knew that he would not make the same mistake twice.
In fact, one of his current choices was the species he had ended up choosing in his past life after giving up on reaching the end of the path of Unsealing.
'Why's High Human unlocked?' Finding the species available on his list of options, the young man was momentarily confused. After all, as far as he knew, High Human would only be available once he had reached 3rd Unsealing, which was the choice he was going to go with for this ascension.
Though, after mulling over why it had appeared one rank earlier, it did not take long for Valyr to get an idea. 'I have a strong feeling it has something to do with the fact that I'm a Harbinger. If Mystia had not told me about it, the choice probably wouldn't have popped up.'
Inwardly shrugging his shoulders at the thought, the young man went ahead and commanded the system to bring up its description, faintly smiling as he read through it once more. 'If I knew this would have stopped me from evolving to a stronger form of humans later on, I would have probably stayed on the path of Unsealing till the very end.'
'Unfortunately, only hindsight is 20/20.' At this thought, the young man bitterly chuckled, focusing his attention on the reason why he had stopped to choose High Human in his past life.
<Racial Skill: Hundred Aspirations - The human race is considered the strongest race in the universe when it comes to adaptation, able to survive in any situation and environment through sheer tenacity. This skill converts 5% of the user's total stats into Points of Aspiration, which could be allocated wherever and however the user chooses on their eight main stats. Any stat points gained in the future shall not be converted into Points of Aspiration. Cooldown: 10 minutes.>
After finding out that the higher forms of the human race had better versions of the racial skill he got as a High Human, Valyr instantly felt an immense amount of regret, cursing himself tens of thousands of times that he had made the wrong choice. In the end, he swore to himself that he'd see the path of Unsealing to the bitter end if he got the chance.
Nevertheless, even though he felt regret from choosing the High Human race after that realization, the racial skill it gave him still allowed him to achieve feats normally impossible.
'Plus a 5% boost on all stats isn't that half-bad,' muttered Valyr to himself inwardly, moving onto the other species that hadn't been available in his previous ascension.
Though, Kin of the Mystic Plane and Agent of the Shadow Plane seemed to be two different paths, their purpose was more or less the same, which was to increase Valyr's affinity with the specific energy, as well as his compatibility with the plane that the energy originated from. The only real difference between the two was the fact that Agent of the Shadow Plane took it one step further, which was probably because he controlled higher quality Shadow Energy.
On the other hand, Shadow Slave was definitely an unexpected surprise to the young man. If he ended up choosing it, he would have gained a 30% boost to all of his stats, as well as a series of skills that would basically make him on par with Noel in terms of control over Shadow Energy, which was unheard of for an obtainable class at this rank.
However, in exchange, he would only be available to roam the outside world for an hour, with the remainder of that time being in the Shadow Plane. After finding out that this hour was actually a Shadow Plane hour, which meant a seventh of an hour in the outside world, it was no surprise that Valyr's determination to see the path of Unsealing to the very end was greatly reinforced.
'Alright, let's do this.' Choosing Human (3rd Unsealing) as the species he would have at Rank 3, the young man felt a surge of energy throughout his body, only for him to fall unconscious not long after.
Chapter 581: Four Pillars: Unintentional

"Mngh…" Feeling like a considerable amount of time had passed since he fell unconscious, it took a while for Valyr's consciousness to rouse from slumber. Gradually sensing the great changes to his body brought about by the ascension, it took a while for the young man to finally come to.
Though, once the young man opened his eyes as he sat upright, he was greeted by the sight of the other four, with most of them looking at him with slight frowns on their faces. Tilting his head in slight confusion, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he thought about multiple possibilities. "Was I the last to awaken?"
"You were," Faulus responded in a solemn tone, his gaze focused on Valyr's every movement.
"How much time has passed since we all went through our ascensions?" asked Valyr not long after.
In response, Vera replied, "According to the others, it's been about a day and a half since then."
At those words, Valyr briefly sucked in a breath of cold air. After all, with the time difference that existed between the inheritance and the outside world, that meant three weeks had passed in the outside world while he was unconscious.
Nevertheless, such a feeling gradually disappeared as he had a strong feeling those in the outside world expected them to take far longer than three weeks, considering that the Four Pillars' Inheritance had already been opened many times in the past.
"So, what's made everyone gather around me?" Though he felt like the reason most of the four were frowning at him since he had taken the longest to wake up from the ascension, Valyr also had a feeling that something else about him was the cause.
Fortunately, the young man quickly obtained his answer as Hal let out a low sigh. "When were you going to tell us you were using a disguise skill all this time?"
'Darn it.' At those words, Valyr knew that he had messed up, even though he had no intentions of doing so. Pondering over the possible things he could do to fix the situation, the young man was reminded of his forced ascension to Rank 2, wherein his disguise skill had been disabled due to him falling unconscious. Though, unlike the current situation, Wells had already seen his true identity.
Seeing that the atmosphere around them had become awkward amidst the silence, Faulus spoke up. "Who are you, really? Are you really the Ylvar we know?"
Letting out a low sigh, Valyr nodded. "I am. I was the one you guys interacted with during the tournament."
"Though, as to why I've been hiding my true identity all this time…" As these words came out of his mouth, the young man made up his mind to come clean to the others, trusting in his gut instinct that the others won't betray him. "Have you heard of the name Valyr Zeihardt before?"
"Isn't that the name of that one member the entire Zeihardt clan has been searching the whole continent over?" Faulus nodded in response, answering in a straightforward manner. Thankfully, even though the others had realized what Valyr meant by his words before him, it did not take long for him to realize either, looking at the young man with disbelief.
"Wait… you're Valyr Zeihardt?"
Valyr nodded with a bitter smile. "That would be me, indeed."
"In fact, our last-minute guest Vera here also knows of my true identity," added the young man soon after, prompting the three to look at the only one among them that did not react that greatly.
"It's a long story…" Glaring at Valyr for a bit, Vera began to talk about how the two of them had met each other back at Astarto Village. Then, after she was done telling her side of the story, the young man gave the others a bit more information as to why he was in hiding, such as the fact that one faction of the Zeihardt clan was hellbent on finding him.
Naturally, he did not tell the four information that they did not need to know, such as him being a Herald.
Or, after finding out from Mystia, a Harbinger.
"I'm going to take a while to get used to your true identity…" By the time Valyr was finished explaining the entire situation to the three, Faulus, Hal, and Loreina looked at each other in silence. However, after a while, Faulus eventually spoke up, looking at Valyr with a low sigh. "Then again, that does not change the fact that you've been lying to us."
"I do admit that I'm in the wrong for that since we'll be exploring the inheritance as a group." Valyr nodded in agreement as he apologized to the three. "After all, if there's one thing that's incredibly important in exploring places like these as a group, that would be the trust each person has for one another."
"However, all of the skills I've shown you during the tournament are all real. I'm still a blacksmith through and through," continued the young man. "I seriously hope this does not deter us from working together throughout this journey."
"Well, you did have to hide your identity for a good reason." Surprisingly, Hal was the first one to accept Valyr's apology. "The fact that you did not hesitate in admitting your wrongdoings just reinforces my belief that you're better suited to lead this group than I am."
"Though, I would definitely like to have a rematch with you someday." At these words, Hal let out a chuckle, to which Valyr smiled in response before chuckling as well.
"I'd have to agree with Hal on that one." Loreina nodded in agreement. "Then again, I have a feeling you wouldn't have told us about your true identity if it came down to it."
Valyr nodded in response. "The less people know, the better."
"Right." Loreina nodded back. "However, even if it was unintentional, you still showed no hesitation in telling us what we needed to know. That alone has earned my respect."
Seeing that the other two had accepted the situation for what it was, Faulus was left with no choice but to accept the situation as well. "Ah, whatever! We'll only be spending more time here if we mull over this problem for longer anyway."
"But you better teach me a thing or two on how to fight properly…" Unexpectedly, after shouting out his first couple statements, the young man's voice turned meek as he looked at Valyr while twiddling his thumbs.
"I will." Seeing Faulus' expression, Valyr let out a bit of laughter, glad that his true identity did not affect the bond the four had made during the tournament too much. With that, he looked at Vera, who looked back at him with a smile and a nod.
Nodding back at Vera, Valyr took in a deep breath before standing up, gazing at the vast landscape in front of them. "Alright."
"Let's start planning out what we need to do."
Chapter 582: Four Pillars: Reconnaissance

"First off, does anyone have a reconnaissance skill they could use to check out the entire landscape?" Briefly glancing at the sky above them, Valyr turned around to look at the four and ask this question.
"What kind of information do you need?" Raising his hand, Hal stepped forward as he offered his help. "Just the landscape in general? Or something else?"
"The landscape and the general type of enemies we might come across." At these words, Valyr turned to look back at the landscape as he pushed his perception to the limit. Thanks to some of his skills and titles boosting his PER stat to a great degree, he was barely able to see a considerable number of entities roaming around the ruined city.
"[Hunter's Tracking Eyes]." Seeing as Hal nodded in response to his words, the young man went ahead and activated the skill he felt would be incredibly useful in their current situation, deciding not to deactivate it for the entirety of the inheritance lest they get ambushed.
Whoosh!
In less than an instant, the entire landscape before them had taken on a different view within Valyr's vision, with most of the city ruins dotted with small black circles. Knowing that each small black circle in his vision corresponded to an enemy, the young man was gradually able to separate the entire ruins by section, organizing each section by the number of enemies that lingered there.
"How's it looking, Hal?" Feeling like he had gained enough information regarding the city ruins through his vision, Valyr looked at the man that stood beside him.
In response to the question, Hal continued to stay rooted in his spot for a bit longer, only looking at the young man with a nod after a couple more minutes had passed. "I think I have a general idea of the landscape now."
"Alright." Nodding back in response, Valyr suggested he and Hal discuss their findings regarding the inheritance's landscape, to which the latter agreed. Returning to the other three, the two began to talk about what they've discovered through their respective reconnaissance skills, slowly organizing the entire inheritance into a map that allowed them to plan out their next actions.
…
"So, we have six sections in total." After an hour or so of continuous discussion between them, the five were able to finalize the map each of them would follow. "Between where we're standing and the city ruins is considered the plains. There aren't a lot of enemies in this area, so this would be a great place to get used to combat before heading in deeper."
"After that would be the four quadrants, which we'll be splitting to north, south, east, and west," continued Valyr while the others were listening attentively. "Compared to the plains, there are at least thrice as many enemies in those areas. In these areas, I'd suggest we split up the group into one pair and one trio to maximize our coverage while keeping each other safe from being ambushed."
Seeing as everyone could still follow his words, Valyr proceeded onto his explanation of the final section. "The last section would be the center of the city ruins, where the number of enemies there are thrice as many as the enemies found in the four quadrants. Once we're there, it goes without saying that the entire group will have to stick together no matter what."
"To add more information to the sections, the strength of the enemies in the plains range from the early to middle levels of Rank 3." With Valyr done with his explanation of the map, it was Hal's turn to talk. "As for those in the four quadrants surrounding the center, the weakest among them are in the middle levels of Rank 3, while the strongest among them are at the early levels of Rank 4."
"From what I could gather through my skill, a couple of beings have comprehended an Intent Seed of some sort in each quadrant," added Hal, causing slightly grim expressions to appear on some of the others' faces. "Fortunately, the feeling of an Intent Seed is pretty obvious, so it's easy to avoid."
"Lastly, the enemies we'll face in the center have strengths ranging from the middle levels to the peak of Rank 4." At these words, Faulus sucked in a breath of cold air. With the last-minute training he had done before the inheritance, he was confident enough that he'd be able to defeat beings at the peak of Rank 3 without a problem, even those at the early levels of Rank 4 if he pushed himself.
However, he had none of that confidence when talking about beings that went beyond that strength. After all, at that level, it was incredibly common for those beings to have comprehended their Intent Seeds.
Sadly, just as he was wishing to the heavens for the worst of his expectations to not happen, Hal's next words would realize just that.
"In that area, almost all of the enemies we'll come across would have comprehended their Intent Seeds to the first stage," said Hal. "Some of them have even comprehended their Intent Seeds to the second and third stage."
"Fortunately, none of the enemies have comprehended a full Intent yet. As long as we remain vigilant and use our strengths to the fullest, we'll be able to explore the entirety of the inheritance without much problems," added the young man, even though Faulus was already on the brink of fainting at the information he had heard.
"For now, let us prepare our journey to the plains tomorrow," said Valyr, noticing that the sky was now beginning to turn dark. Apologizing to the others once more for being the last one to wake up, he continued, "If you have the XP to do so, upgrade your levels to the peak of Rank 3. Just bring your equipment to me after that so I can enhance it to match your current levels."
Nodding in response, Hal took out what looked to be camping supplies from his spatial bracelet. "I'll take care of our housing for tonight, then."
"I guess I'll take care of cooking." Shrugging her shoulders, Loreina began to take out a small amount of raw ingredients from her spatial bracelet, asking Vera to help her out.
"I will be…" Pondering over what he could do to help the others out, a wry smile eventually appeared on Faulus' face as he realized everything that could be done had already been done by the others. "Concocting potions, I guess."
With that, the five of them busied themselves as the sky continued to turn dark. During that time, Valyr had taken out the anvil and portable furnace he had brought for the inheritance from his spatial bracelet, faintly nodding after he was satisfied with their placement.
Waiting for the others to finish their tasks and give their equipment to him, the young man decided to take a look at his notifications for the meantime, keeping his eyes peeled for notifications that stood out among the rest.
'Oh…?' Unsurprisingly, it did not take long for him to find one that greatly piqued his interest, inwardly grinning as another screen appeared beside the one he had brought up.
'Well then.'
'That's a welcome surprise.'
Chapter 583: Four Pillars: New Features

Ding!
[You have now arrived at the midpoint on the path to transcending mortality. A whole new world of power has been made available for you, allowing you to comprehend the strength of the world itself and convert it into your own.]
[The ability to view one's Intents and one's progress towards comprehension of Intents has been unlocked.]
[The ability to comprehend and enhance Intents has been unlocked.]
[Due to your experiences thus far, you have accrued a considerable amount of understanding regarding some concepts of the world. With a bit more effort and comprehension, you can convert these concepts into a rudimentary strength you can wield, taking on the form of an Intent Seed.]
'Huh. Who knew I was actually close to comprehending Intent Seeds?' Reading through the long list of notifications brought about by his evolution, a faint smile appeared on Valyr's lips as he took note of the last notification involving Intents.
In the meantime, he commanded the system to bring up a screen beside the one he was already looking at, wanting to obtain greater detail on his progress.
Being a feature that could only be unlocked after a being had ascended to Rank 3, Intents added a whole new layer to one's combat, incorporating one's understanding of the world's concepts in their every move. Though, for players, Intents did something else that seemed far more important.
A massive increase to one's Attack stat.
Then again, even NPCs sought to obtain Intents for their own due to this exact feature. Unfortunately, there were multiple barriers that made it considerably difficult for one to obtain their Intent, causing some players and NPCs to give up on getting one and find another way of gaining more strength instead.
Before comprehending an Intent, one would first have to find a concept that suited them. Then, after finding that specific concept, they would increase their understanding of it until it reached a saturation point.
Once one slightly surpassed that saturation point, a qualitative change of one's understanding would begin to occur, creating a resonance between the world and the level of understanding one had achieved. Through that, a rudimentary connection would be formed between them and the world, taking on the form of an Intent Seed.
As long as one had successfully formed an Intent Seed, it could be said that the being would be guaranteed to comprehend their Intent at some point in the future. However, there existed four stages that separated one from transforming their Intent Seed into an Intent, which were the nascent stage, the first stage, the second stage, and the culmination stage.
Ding!
Intents:
[Intent Seed of Flames] - 82% progress to the Nascent stage
[Intent Seed of Forging] - 85% progress to the Nascent stage
[Intent Seed of the Spear] - 53% progress to the Nascent stage
[Intent Seed of Shadow Energy] - 32% progress to the Nascent stage
[Intent Seed of the Four Elements] - 29% progress to the Nascent stage
'I thought I was already lucky to be close in comprehending a single Intent Seed.' Shifting his attention towards the screen containing his Intents, Valyr's eyes briefly widened in disbelief, taking quite some time to calm down. 'To think that I had actually made progress in comprehending five of them from what I've been doing so far.'
Though, after looking at the possible Intents he could awaken once more, the young man eventually nodded in understanding. "Then again, since they're related to what I've used often throughout my journey, I guess it makes sense."
"I'll have to keep them in mind." Satisfied with what he had discovered, he then moved onto the other notifications he had yet to read, with the next ones piquing his interest yet again.
[Your level of access to the Technology Tree has been improved. You are now eligible to unlock Intermediate level advancements from the Technology Tree.]
[Your level of access to the Technology Tree has been improved. More advancements have now been made available to you.]
'Thankfully, I still have enough Technology Points to unlock and upgrade one very important advancement.' Faintly chuckling at the notifications he had just read, Valyr briefly glanced at the others to see what they were doing. Seeing that they were still occupied with their tasks for a bit longer, he went ahead and opened up the Technology Tree, allocating a considerable number of his remaining points towards the Production branch.
Ding!
[You have unlocked the advancement <Basic Advancement Lv. 1>.]
[You have upgraded the advancement <Basic Advancement> to Lv. 5 (MAX).]
[As you have unlocked <Basic Advancement>, you have gained the active skill 'Basic Equipment Advancement'.]
[Due to your current class, your active skill 'Basic Equipment Advancement' has been changed to 'True Prodigious Equipment Advancement'.]
"Finally unlocked Advancements," said the young man with a grin. Taking a look at the Technology Tree's Production branch to see if there were any other important advancements he could unlock with his remaining Technology Points, Valyr eventually found out that everything else could be saved for a later time, prompting him to return his attention back to his notifications.
Ding!
[Your active skill 'True Prodigious Forging Style+' has been improved.]
[Your active skill 'True Prodigious Equipment Creation+' has been improved.]
…
[Your passive skill 'True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight' has been improved.]
'So, rather than giving me a new skill, the evolution instead enhanced all of the skills I've unlocked from the class thus far.' Looking at the similar-looking notifications he had gotten, Valyr could only nod in understanding, commanding the system to bring up the description of one of the enhanced skills.
"Oh! The rarity's been increased." Unexpectedly, it did not take long for the young man to find out what had changed, noticing that almost every skill he had that started with the words 'True Prodigious' now had a plus modifier on their rarity. "It's a shame [True Prodigious Equipment Advancement+] didn't undergo the same treatment."
"That only leaves me with the stat changes brought about by the ascension, then." Inwardly praising himself for having gone through a lot of notifications in a considerably short time, Valyr finally focused his attention on what looked to be the most important set of notifications he had received from the ascension.
Unfortunately, before he could even begin reading through the first one…
"Hey, Valyr?"
"Mind if we talk in private for a bit?"
Chapter 584: Four Pillars: Message

? .
"Is there something wrong?" Slightly frowning as he had been interrupted, Valyr's expression swiftly went back to normal after seeing that Vera was who had asked the question. Considering that it had been a while since they last saw each other, and that Mystia was her mentor, it went without saying that there was not a lot of things that stopped the young man from agreeing.
Hearing Valyr's question, Vera shook her head. "If you're talking about the camp for tonight, there's nothing wrong. In fact, everything's more or less done."
"Instead, I've come to talk with you regarding my mentor." At those words, Valyr went silent. Then, after a while, he faintly nodded at her before telling the other three that the two of them were going to walk around the surroundings for a bit.
Urging Vera to walk beside him after getting a green light from the three, the young man thought back to the notifications he had received earlier before entering the Four Pillars' Inheritance. 'Is Vera going to talk about the notifications Mystia had sent me?'
Ding!
Commanding the system to bring up his notification screen after dispelling it earlier, the young man swiftly scrolled to the notifications Mystia had sent him before entering the rift. With how the messages in each notification seemed cryptic and related to the Mystic Plane, it only made sense that she was the one who sent it to him.
[The Saintess of the Mystic Plane wishes for you to keep an eye on the seed she has been nurturing all this time. The Saintess also promises that you shall be rewarded accordingly once you return from the depths of the separated space.]
[The Saintess of the Mystic Plane shows slight disappointment at the thought of you not making efforts at communication after obtaining access to the energy of the Mystic Plane. As a compromise, the Saintess tells you in advance that the seed she has been nurturing shall guide you on the usage and control of such energies instead.]
[The Saintess of the Mystic Plane looks at you with a mysterious smile. Two messages from the Saintess herself has been attached.]
[Though I do understand why you would hide something like that, I've already figured it out. In any case, since you don't want others to find it out, then I shall not share that information until you do so.]
[Then again, there will eventually come a time where you'll have to come clean.]
'Ignoring all of the fanciful words she's used in her notifications, she basically has three things to tell me,' thought the young man to himself, with the last thing among the three briefly causing a bitter smile to appear on his face. 'I wonder if Vera is going to tell me those things as well?'
"I think we're far enough from the others." After walking along the line that demarcated their camp from the plains for quite some time, Valyr stopped in his tracks and looked at Vera with a solemn expression. Sitting on a nearby boulder, he then began to inquire further. "What did your mentor need to tell me?"
"She told me that I have to teach you how to control and master the usage of Mystic Energy." Seeing that Valyr had made him comfortable, Vera sat on another nearby boulder to make herself comfortable as well. "As far as I know, only I and my mentor have control over that energy."
"However, she told me in response that you'd know what to do when I told you about it." Scratching her head, Vera looked at the young man to possibly gain a bit more understanding, only for her to look at Valyr with widened eyes.
Extending one of his hands outward, a small ball of energy consistently bobbed up and down as it hovered above Valyr's palm. Unlike mana, the energy making up the ball had taken on a pinkish tone, giving off the feeling that each mote of light making up the ball contain far more energy that a mote of mana could ever contain.
Plus, unlike Shadow Energy, it gave off the feeling that it could birth new things out of existence rather than make them disappear, only need the young man's thoughts and willpower to do so.
"Mystic Energy?!" Vera exclaimed in disbelief. "How did you get your hands on it?"
"Let's just say it's a very long story involving your mentor." Dispelling the ball of Mystic Energy, Valyr looked at Vera with a wry smile. "Anyways, how would you go about teaching me how to use it?"
"That… I'm not too sure actually." Hearing Valyr's question, Vera scratched the back of her head for a bit. "She only told me all of this before the two of us arrived at the entrance to the inheritance."
"Nevertheless, I'll try my best to create something that would allow me to effectively teach you how to use it." At those words, Valyr could only smile, nodding as he asked her if there was something else Mystia wanted her to tell him.
Nodding in response to the question, Vera responded, "She also told me that I would be under your care during our journey into the depths of the inheritance. She also mentioned that she would make it worth your while, giving you something in exchange once we leave the inheritance."
'So, more or less everything that I already knew.' Faintly nodding in understanding as a response to her words, the young man expected her to talk about how Mystia already knew about him actually being a Harbinger. Though the way she went about telling him that through the notification was incredibly vague, with their infrequent interactions thus far, only something like that would warrant her to take on a more cryptic approach.
However, surprisingly, after informing Valyr of those two things, Vera urged the two of them to return back to the camp after noticing that the others were calling for them from afar. For a brief moment, the young man was surprised, only to let out a faint chuckle as he finally understood what was going on.
'You really are a woman of your word.' Nodding as he and Vera headed back to the camp the others had set up, Valyr thought a bit more about what Mystia was planning by having Vera join him in the inheritance, only to push all of those thoughts aside once the two of them had returned.
Chapter 585: Four Pillars: Massive Improvement

"I see everyone has already pushed their levels to the limits of Rank 3." Bonding over a nice hearty meal under the night sky, Valyr looked at Faulus, Hal, and Loreina, with a smile, sensing the massive difference in their auras compared to earlier. "Remember to give your equipment so I could upgrade them to match your current levels. Aside from that, you're free to do whatever."
"Will you be upgrading our equipment late into the night, then?" Taking a spoonful of the soup Loreina had cooked into his mouth, Hal looked at Valyr with a curious expression.
In response, Valyr faintly nodded. "Most likely, but it's all fine. I'm used to working on something late into the night. I just gotta take breaks from time to time, that's all."
"I see." Though he felt an urge to dissuade Valyr from staying up so late since they still had to trek down to the plains early in the morning, seeing the confident yet calm expression on the young man's face, Hal decided to keep his thoughts to himself. Even though he had already come to terms with the fact that Ylvar was actually Valyr, it would still take a while for him to actually open up to the man.
With that, the five of them bonded for a bit longer, talking about each other's preparations for the inheritance in a joking manner. By the time the soup Loreina has made was all gone, it was only then did the five go do their own tasks, though not before giving their respective equipment for Valyr to upgrade.
'I guess I have a long night ahead of me.' Looking at the small pile of intricate equipment laid out in front of him, Valyr let out a bit of laughter as he carefully formed a barrier of mana around the equipment, even going so far as to utilize [Intermediate Earth Manipulation] to control the ground underneath it.
Then, with a single thought, he moved the entire pile to his temporary workshop, placing the pile of equipment near the anvil as he brought out the Hammer of Beginnings from his spatial bracelet. Placing the hammer on the anvil, he then brought out his True Wyvern Armor, his spear, and the primitive gun he had made, thinking that he would upgrade his items last.
'Now that I think about it, I can finally take a look at those notifications I wanted to look at earlier.' Taking in a few deep breaths as he composed himself for the task he was about to do, a sudden thought surfaced in the young man's mind, prompting him to command the system to bring up the notification screen one last time.
Ding!
[Your species 'Human (2nd Unsealing)' has been changed to 'Human (3rd Unsealing)'. As you have transitioned to a higher-level species, you have gained +26 VIT, +26 STR, +24 AGI, +40 DEX, +40 INT, +21 WIS, +24 PER, and +15 LUK.]
[Your class 'True Prodigious Blacksmith (Mythic)' has been improved to adapt to Rank 3 standards.]
[You have gained +5 VIT, +5 STR, +6 AGI, +8 DEX, +8 INT, +3 WIS, +4 PER, and +1 LUK.]
[Your subclass 'Shadow Serpentine Manalancer (Rare)' has been improved to adapt to Rank 3 standards.]
[You have gained +3 VIT, +2 STR, +5 AGI, +6 DEX, and +6 INT.]
[You have gained 6 unassigned stat points.]
"Darn. That's a massive improvement." Whistling from the considerable increase his stats had undergone from the ascension alone, the young man went ahead and brought up his status screen, only to whistle once more. "Even without the armor set and the spear on my back, my DEX and INT are both over 800 points…"
"Guess I should use the XP I have and max my level to the peak of Rank 3 before proceeding with the upgrades." Moving his status screen to the side as he dispelled the notification screen, Valyr went ahead and ordered the system to use up his unused XP to upgrade his level to Level 55.
Ding!
[82,585,279 XP has been consumed.]
[Your level has increased by 14 levels.]
[You are now Level 55.]
[You have gained the following stats from your class: +70 VIT, +70 STR, +84 AGI, +112 DEX, +112 INT, +42 WIS, +56 PER, and +14 LUK.]
[You have gained the following stats from your subclass: +42 VIT, +28 STR, +70 AGI, +84 DEX, and +84 INT.]
[You have gained 84 unassigned stat points.]
[You have reached the level limit of your current class. To increase this limit, it is highly advised for you to ascend to a higher class.]
[Would you like to ascend?]
"And to think I still have over a hundred million XP waiting to be used after that." Feeling a great surge of strength flow throughout his body, Valyr went ahead and distanced himself from the camp before going out on a couple of movements to acclimate himself.
Chuckling at how much of a drastic increase his combat strength had undergone, he then went ahead and allocated his unassigned stat points evenly between DEX and INT like he always did. It was only after doing so did he finally look at his status screen, whistling in admiration as he let out a cackle.
"That… is some massive improvement."
Ding!
[Valyr Zeihardt]
Class: True Prodigious Blacksmith (Rank 3 — Mythic)
Subclass: Shadow Serpentine Manalancer (Rare)
Species: Human (3rd Unsealing)
Level: 55
Power Level: 24,620 (A+)
Unused XP: 127,905,264
HP: 20,306/20,306
MP: 39,076/39,076
Shadow Energy: 89/89
Mystic Energy: 1/1
Attack: 5,392 - 5,392
Defense: 2,380 - 2,380
Stats: 661 VIT, 612 STR, 751 AGI, 1293 DEX, 1272 INT, 379 WIS, 507 PER, 209 LUK
Hidden Stats: 5 Mana Purity, 5 Vigor
Remarks: Even without any equipment, your strength rivals those at higher ranks. Consider yourself a demon in sheep's clothing.
"I wonder how much of an increase my stats would undergo after I upgrade my armor and weapons to match my current level." Dispelling his status screen, Valyr made his way back to his temporary workshop, a wide smile adorning his face all throughout. "At this point, I'm pretty sure I could even give those Rank 5 beings with Rare grade classes a run for their money."
"Then again…" Picking up his hammer as he was about to begin upgrading all of their equipment for tomorrow, a question popped up in his mind all of a sudden. "Since I still have all this leftover XP, should I just ascend straight to Rank 4?"
"…"
"…"
"…"
"On second thought, never mind."
"I would only be shooting myself in the foot if I didn't make the most out of my current rank."
Chapter 586: Four Pillars: Advancement

"Speaking of which, since I still have all this XP to use, I should max that skill out." Since he had more or less gone through all of his notifications from the ascension, as well as increased his stats to the peak of Rank 3, Valyr finally focused his attention on what he planned to do for the night.
Commanding the system to upgrade the skill he had obtained to its current limits, a prompt swiftly appeared in front of his field of vision.
[Would you like to consume 1 Common grade Skill Key, 1 Uncommon grade Skill Key, and 1,049,986 XP to upgrade 'True Prodigious Equipment Advancement' to the peak of Uncommon grade?]
Saying yes to the prompt that had popped up, a great influx of information soon inundated the entirety of Valyr's mind. Though it was by no means a pleasant experience, the amount of information flowing through the young man's mind at that moment was still tolerable compared to what he had put himself through in the past.
Neatly organizing and processing all of the information he had gained from upgrading the skill to the peak of Uncommon grade, Valyr let out a satisfied sigh as he finally looked at the pile of equipment he was going to work with. "These guys have really been taken good care of by their respective guilds."
Although he hadn't noticed it at first, the equipment everyone else gave for him to upgrade were more or less around the same rarity as his current armor set. Utilizing [Greater Analysis] on them a couple of times, a bitter smile soon adorned his face as he thought about all of the hardships he had to go through to upgrade his equipment to their current states.
'I even got a curse placed on me just because I wanted to upgrade my equipment,' jokingly thought the young man, faintly chuckling as he continued to look at the equipment the others were using. Eventually, one of the pieces of equipment from the others caught his eye, though it was not due to its design or function.
It was the rarity of the equipment itself.
'Mystia definitely dotes on Vera a lot… if this piece of equipment doesn't already make it obvious.' Taking in a few deep breaths to calm himself, a slight smile appeared on his face as he read through the information written on screen.
Ding!
[(+20) Arcane Mystic Staff of Excellence] (Level 35)
Rarity: Legendary+
Weapon Bond: Lv. 1 (Vera Aschel)
Attack: 2,806 - 4,676
Foundation Tier: None
Forge Quality: Transcendent
Additional Attributes:
> AGI + 18
> INT + 20
> WIS + 32
A staff forged by a legendary entity of the Mystic Plane, this staff… description has been omitted.
<Innate Skill 1: Mystic Resonance - Whenever the user uses an attack based on Mystic Energy with the staff, all damage dealt by those attacks are increased by 10%.>
<Innate Skill 2: Arcane Resonance - Whenever the user uses an attack based on mana with the staff, all damage dealt by those attacks are increased by 10%.>
<Innate Skill 3: Arcane Mystic Transformation - Allows the user to briefly tap into the energies of the Mystic Plane, transforming into the commander of Mystic Energy itself. For 15 seconds, the user can cast as many skills as they want, as long as it is based on Mystic Energy or mana. After the skill ends, the user's ability to use any magic-based skills is nullified for 3 hours. Cooldown: 7 days. Cost: 99% of the user's MP and Mystic Energy.>
Remarks: Such a weapon can only instill fear into one's enemies.
'Even if I take into consideration the fact that its awakened attributes don't scale with Vera's current strength, this is a weapon that even I'd be jealous of.' Whistling in admiration after he was done reading through its information, the young man placed the staff to the side as he began to upgrade all of the equipment that he had been given.
As the weapon's description still lingered in his mind, a thought eventually surfaced in the midst of his upgrading session. 'The blacksmith that forged this has definitely got to be Rank 5 at the very least, owning an Epic blacksmith class probably. If not Rank 5, then that blacksmith would be at the peak of Rank 4 with a Legendary blacksmith class.'
Though Epic and Legendary was only a single rarity in difference, the difficulty in forging an equipment with the latter grade was hundreds of times greater than forging an equipment with the former grade. Even Valyr did not believe he could forge a piece of Legendary grade equipment any time soon, even though he was the owner of a Mythic blacksmith class.
Then again, the difficulty of forging Legendary grade equipment was nowhere near the difficulty of forging Mythic grade equipment, wherein even someone at the peak of Rank 5 could only dream of forging one. Of course, having a Legendary or Mythic blacksmith class made the chances of one forging something like that higher, though one would be better off saying there was no difference in one's chances at all.
Nevertheless, by the time one was at the peak of Rank 5, it could be said that one would only need to put in a bit more effort if one wanted to forge Epic grade equipment. If one had high stats, great levels of skill, and a decent blacksmithing class, then the chances of one forging a piece of Epic+ grade equipment was considerably high.
'I'll probably start seeing more Epic grade equipment once I head to the Meltierre Empire,' thought Valyr to himself as he finished upgrading Faulus' equipment to the peak of Rank 3. 'Then, I guess Epic would be the new Rare once I make my way to the Zeihardt Sovereignty… whenever that may be.'
Making sure that [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] was active, the young man double checked if he had upgraded Faulus' equipment before moving onto Hal's equipment. Being composed of a sword and a few pieces of armor, the young man hammered away at it with his Hammer of Beginnings as he began to whistle a tune.
Eventually, by the time a couple of hours had passed, the young man had gone and upgraded everyone else's equipment to the peak of Rank 3. In fact, he even went ahead and refined all of the equipment with a low refinement level to +10, which made him briefly wonder why it had not been refined to that level by the blacksmiths that had forged it.
Reminding himself that it was only possible for him to do so due to him owning a Mythic blacksmith class, Valyr finally went ahead and focused on his equipment after giving everyone's equipment back to their respective owners, which prompted him to receive a few words of gratitude from the others.
'Though it's quite tempting, I'll save the Advancement stuff for my equipment.' Placing his spear on the anvil as he began to upgrade it to the peak of Rank 3, the young man thought about the urge he had earlier to try Advancement on everyone else's equipment.
Though Enhancement, Refinement, and Advancement all sought to awaken the latent potential of equipment and increase its strength, these things approached that awakening in different ways. For one, Enhancement was more or less self-explanatory, improving the materials that were already there in order to obtain more strength.
On the other hand, Refinement was slightly more convoluted as it refined the process of enhancement rather than the material itself. In a way, that difference was the reason why there was a limit to how far one could refine equipment depending on its rarity.
As for Advancement, it approached the improvement of strength differently from Enhancement and Refinement. If both Enhancement and Refinement were said to approach improvement from an external standpoint, then Advancement approached improvement from an internal standpoint.
In other words, Advancement aimed to improve the strength of equipment by changing the foundation of the equipment material itself. Because of this, there existed a limit on how far one could improve equipment through this process, with a piece of equipment at the highest possible rarity only being able to go through five advancements at most.
Aside from that, there was also a minimum requirement if one wished to advance an equipment's foundation, which was the fact that it needed to be a piece of Uncommon grade equipment at the very least. Then again, the chances of succeeding to improve its foundation by one tier at that grade was considerably low.
That was why most blacksmiths only began to start toying around with the concept of Advancements on Epic grade equipment, which could handle two advancements if the blacksmith wished to do so. It was also the reason why the young man had a strong urge to try the concept out on the equipments of the other four since the lowest grade out of all of them was Epic.
"Alright. Let's get this show on the road. These things won't upgrade by themselves." Discarding all of the unnecessary thoughts that continued to linger in his mind, Valyr finally began to go through his equipment and upgrade them. With that, the sound of constant hammering faintly resounded throughout the area as he continued to work through the night.
Chapter 587: Four Pillars: Late Night Visit

"And with this, I'm finally done upgrading everything." Wiping off the sweat on his forehead as he placed his hammer to the side, Valyr identified the final piece of equipment he had been working on with [Greater Analysis] while smiling. Seeing how much of a difference Enhancement and Advancement had brought to his equipment's stats, he began to feel giddy at the thought of using them in battle tomorrow.
Allowing the feeling to linger in his mind for a bit longer, the young man eventually began to pack up the temporary workshop into his spatial bracelet, letting out a sigh in the process. "I may have already done it thousands of times in the past, but I gotta say… advancing an equipment's foundation sure is tough work."
As he had no Refinement Jewel on hand to safely refine all of his equipment to their limits, it went without saying that Valyr focused on Enhancement and Advancement. Save for his armor set that could go up to Level 62 thanks to its unique innate skill, his spear and the gun he had forged were both enhanced to the peak of Rank 3.
In total, he had spent around an hour enhancing all of his equipment, yet the moon in the sky had already gone past its zenith. Naturally, the reason behind that was the fact that the young man proceeding to start experimenting with advancing his equipment's foundation, attempting it on his armor set first.
With every piece making up his armor set being rated at Epic+ grade, Valyr did not have much fear in failing to advance the equipment's foundation to the 1st Tier. Nevertheless, the young man put his entire focus on the Advancement process, even though the skill he had gotten for it had made it considerably easier.
Surprisingly, it had taken him roughly half an hour to advance a foundation to the 1st Tier, which seemed long when compared to how long it took him to complete other strengthening methods. It took him seconds to enhance equipment by a single level, while it took him a couple of minutes to refine equipment by a single level.
Then again, in the grand scheme of things, 30 minutes to advance a foundation by one tier was already considerably short, with some blacksmiths taking hours, if not days to advance a foundation, only to fail at the very end. Using his True Wyvern Armor set as a way to get used to advancing an equipment's foundation yet again, it took him a total of five hours to advance everything by one tier, taking a long break in the middle.
'In any case, the hard work I put in has definitely paid off.' Vividly recalling the process of Advancement, which the young man thought it felt similar to rearranging the molecules that made up the material itself, Valyr went ahead and identified his spear, which had gotten a sizable improvement in power thanks to his actions.
Ding!
[(+10) Wrath of the Prodigious Tidemother] (Level 55)
Rarity: Rare+
Weapon Bond: Lv. 2 (Valyr)
Foundation Tier: 1st Tier
Attack: 913 - 1,521 (+20%)
Additional Attributes:
> STR + 41
> AGI + 50
> DEX + 80
Previously a training weapon… description has been omitted.
<Innate Skill… description has been omitted.>
<Innate Skill… description has been omitted.>
Remarks: Its might puts equipment of a higher grade to shame. Quite unfortunate that it has been seen as defilement by a higher being.
"Darn." Letting out a brief whistle in admiration, Valyr focused his attention on the additional attributes that were attached to the equipment. "If only I hadn't gotten that curse, I would've been ecstatic to find out my spear boosts my DEX this much."
"Then again, that all has to do with my class and subclass synergizing." The young man chuckled not long after, soon focusing his attention on the gun he had made. Identifying it with [Greater Analysis], a slight smile appeared on his face as he gazed at its new and improved stats. "I hope I get to use this at least once during the inheritance."
Ding!
[(+10) Primitive Arquebus Prototype] (Level 55)
Rarity: Rare
Foundation Tier: 1st Tier
Attack: 7,029 - 11,715
Cooldown: 15 seconds
Additional Attributes:
> STR + 37
> DEX + 73
> PER + 29
Considered to be the next step on the path of ranged weapons, this weapon has been greatly inspired by the fire lance, a weapon that is considered to be the ancestor of a branch of ranged weapons called firearms. Forged by a truly prodigious blacksmith, this weapon has removed most of the downsides of the fire lance and enhanced all of its upsides, allowing it to resemble a weapon that is considered as a successor to the fire lance, the arquebus.
Though such a weapon is not yet within the realm of knowledge of many, once it makes its debut, the weapon shall undoubtedly rattle the world with its might, giving not only a great amount of prestige to its creator, but also newfound possibilities.
<Innate Skill 1: Full Burst - Allows the user to infuse mana into the weapon, combining with the gunpowder used to load the weapon to create a devastating amount of damage. Deals 200% of the user's Attack stat as damage. Cooldown: 2 minutes. Cost: 1,500 MP.>
Remarks: The first of its kind. The beginning of what is yet to come.
Having forged multiple ranged weapons in his past life, with most of them being guns in the later versions of Greater Beyond, almost all of the information contained within the weapon's description made Valyr feel a hint of nostalgia. There were quite a few differences between the descriptions of melee weapons and ranged weapons, though the most important differences between the two were its awakened attributes and its Attack stat.
Though both melee and ranged weapons awakened STR and DEX as a possible attribute, where melee weapons would awaken AGI, ranged weapons would instead awaken PER as its third stat. Then again, such a difference is more self-explanatory as PER allows one's field of vision to expand, which was a great boon to all ranged classes.
As for its Attack stat, ranged weapons generally tended to have a higher Attack stat compared to melee weapons. Unfortunately, they could only make use of this high Attack stat very sparingly, considering that all ranged weapons had a cooldown.
In fact, even bows of varying types weren't exempt from this cooldown, though a skilled ranger could reduce this cooldown to levels similar to wielding a melee weapon with their skills.
The fact that Valyr was able to reduce his gun's cooldown time to 15 seconds was a miracle in itself, considering that there were many steps that went to priming a gun for shooting, especially those similar to the one he currently had. Nevertheless, with his current prototype only being an intermediary step to the gun that he sought to obtain, he did not mind the trouble for the meantime.
"I suppose I should get some rest before our trek begins." Doing a few stretches after not having moved much for hours, the young man went ahead and donned his entire armor set, affixing his trusty spear to his back. Feeling a great burst of strength course through his body from both being equipped, a faint smile appeared on his face as he made his way to the tents the others had set up, seeing that most of them were meditating rather than sleeping.
Inwardly chuckling, the young man went to his tent as he thought to himself, 'They're probably consolidating their control over their newfound strength. After all, I didn't really see them push their bodies to the limit earlier.'
'Or perhaps they can't sleep well since they're thinking about their plans during our exploration of the inheritance.' At these thoughts, the young man slightly shrugged his shoulders, lying down on the makeshift bed the others had made. Though it was by no means better than his bed in the inn, it was still leagues better than the sleeping bag he had bought a day before.
Closing his eyes, Valyr gradually allowed his body to relax as he knew their expedition later in the morning was an important indicator of how quickly they'd be able to explore the entire inheritance. However, after tossing and turning around on the bed for a bit, a bitter smile crept up on his face as his mind still seemed to be plenty awake.
'I guess now's a good time to make use of the things I got from the auction.' Faintly letting out a sigh at the fact that he could not sleep, a chuckle soon left Valyr's mouth as he thought to himself that he might be feeling the same thing as the others at the moment.
Willing the skill book and vial he had gotten from the auction out of one of his spatial bracelets, the young man was about to consume the vial, only to hide the skill book in his spatial bracelet after sensing someone was tapping on the entrance of his tent to make themselves known.
"Who is it?" Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity, wondering who among the other four would wander about this late in the night. By the time the person in question had entered the tent, the young man's mouth went slightly agape in surprise.
"Faulus?" muttered the young man in slight disbelief.
Nodding in response, Faulus looked back at Valyr with a bitter smile, only for his expression to show a hint of determination soon after. "I apologize for disturbing you this late in the night, but…"
"Could you perhaps teach me how to fight?"
Chapter 588: Four Pillars: Self-doubt

.
For a while, Valyr looked at the standing Faulus in silence. Though such a question seemed to have come out of nowhere from someone like him, it also made quite a lot of sense.
Of course, in the grand scheme of things, Faulus' ability in combat was considered to be on the level of those among the top. After all, it was already difficult for one to surmount a gap between the early levels and the late levels of a rank, much less to say an entire rank itself.
However, compared to someone like Hal and Valyr, the young man was indeed lacking when it came to the combat department. Then again, that thought was only worsened by the fact that he had fought against Valyr during the tournament, only for the entire fight to be the latter leading him on.
And that was with Valyr not showing off all of the abilities in his skill set.
Thinking about it for a bit more, Valyr let out a faint sigh as he consumed the vial of might, inwardly surprised at the amount of stats it had given him. Storing the empty vial in his spatial bracelet for the meantime, he looked at the young man before him. "I don't really mind teaching you, but why the sudden question?"
"To be honest, I'm not sure." Hearing Valyr's words, Faulus wryly smiled. "Up to the moment we entered the inheritance, I was incredibly confident that I would be of great use to the journey."
"I've even shored up my greatest weakness somewhat, giving me the confidence to fight against those at the peak of Rank 3 as long as I kept my calm." As Faulus continued with his words, the young man raised his eyebrows in interest, surprised that the former could improve his combat skills that quickly.
Though he did not know whether the training he had gone through would translate over to his new levels of strength, Valyr was quite certain that Faulus would still become a force to be reckoned with.
"Yet, for some reason, after we entered the inheritance and ascended to the peak of Rank 3, I've had this nagging feeling at the back of my head." While Valyr continued to listen to the man, Faulus let out a sigh.
"All in all, I just don't know whether I'm ready." Looking down at the floor, the young man had a despondent expression on his face, making it evident to Valyr how the young man's worries had troubled him all this time.
Scratching the back of his head for a bit, Valyr thought about what he wanted to say. "Well, I'm not really good at consoling people, but you've spent a lot of time preparing for this inheritance, right?"
"Yeah." Faulus faintly nodded. "Ever since I was told I had been chosen as a candidate, I've put in a great amount of effort."
"Why worry, then?" In response, Valyr let out a brief chuckle. "It feels quite contradicting if you were to compare it to the actions you've taken up to this point."
Hearing his words, Faulus sighed once more. "I know… but still…"
"Think of this way." Feeling as if the conversation would only go into a loop if he let the man continue, Valyr interrupted his thoughts. "Rather than worry over something that might be beyond your abilities, believe in the effort you've put into your preparations thus far."
"Believe in my efforts…" Muttering these words to himself over and over, Faulus gradually looked as if a heavy burden was being removed off his shoulders, prompting him to let out a long, drawn-out sigh after a bit of silence. "I… kind of needed to hear that. Thank you."
"You know… I feel like this conversation has made me gotten over the fact you've been hiding under another identity all this time." As Faulus let out a chuckle at his words, Valyr felt the exact opposite, not knowing what to say in response to such a massive shift in topic. Fortunately, he did not have dwell on the matter too long as the man changed it not long after.
"Ah, right. Did you get your hands on one of my concoctions from the auction?" asked Faulus with a slightly interested expression. "Then again, I did put a unique flair to them that only I can recognize. Since I sensed it, then that can only mean you did."
"I got my hands on a vial of Might." Valyr nodded in response, only to raise his eyebrow in curiosity soon after. "Why the question?"
"Well… I was actually planning to give all of you vials of Might after all of us ascended to our current rank," responded Faulus, wryly smiling. "But you know… worrying about what I could do and whatnot."
"Think of it as my way of helping out like how you upgraded all of our equipment," continued the man.
Seeing as Valyr was now looking at him with an expectant expression, a faint chuckle briefly escaped Faulus' mouth as he grabbed a total of five vials from his spatial bracelet. Two of them seemed to contain the same viscous fluid that Valyr's vial had earlier, while the remaining three contained a viscous fluid that was of a contrasting color to the two.
"It doesn't really beat getting one's hands on some Reinforcement Elixir, but it does still give out a considerable boost in attributes." Giving the five vials to Valyr, Faulus began to explain what the vials were with a smile. "The first two vials are what you think they are, while the last three vials are actually the magical counterpart to Might, which I've decided to call Acuity."
"Also, the system has limited anyone who taken either Might or Acuity to three vials each at most," he continued, faintly shrugging his shoulders. "Whether it's due to my lack of skills or the fact that the materials I've chosen aren't potent enough, I have no clue."
"How about the others?" Thanking Faulus for the sudden gift, Valyr looked at him as a thought popped up in his mind.
"I'll give it to them later," replied Faulus with a slight chuckle. "Most of them seem to be engrossed in something, so I'll only disturb them before we depart for the plains."
"Anyways, thank you again for that wake-up call, Valyr." Seeing as his reasons to enter the young man's tent was resolved, Faulus thought that it was his due time to leave. "Oh, and also… is my earlier offer still up?"
"I'll teach you more about it once we head to the plains." Letting out a peal of laughter as he decided to see Faulus off, Valyr returned to his tent and consumed the five vials Faulus had given him without hesitation. Feeling a slight surge in strength coursing throughout his body, he waited for the feeling to die down before taking a look at his notifications.
"15 points in almost every stat… not bad." Nodding at his gains in satisfaction, the young man went ahead and stored all of the empty vials into his spatial bracelet before bringing out the Outer Realm Scripture from earlier.
"Hopefully, no one disturbs me this time."
Chapter 589: Four Pillars: A Peculiar Scripture

'I don't want to go through that ever again.' Doing a few light stretches as he got out of his tent, a relieved expression flitted across Valyr's face as he took a look at the sun up above in the sky. As he could not rest properly last night, he decided to make the most out of the time he had by learning a skill he should have probably learned in the first place.
The Outer Realm Scripture.
…
At first, the process of obtaining the Outer Realm Scripture was more or less similar to any other skill he had comprehended, which was to absorb the skill book and allow it to inundate his memory with information. However, just as he was expecting the archaic-looking book he was holding to disappear, the archaic-looking book instead remained where it was as the information that entered in his mind slightly left him speechless.
'Only true comprehension can allow one to proceed through the scripture.'
With this information continuing to linger in his mind as he tried learning the skill a few more times, only after repeating the process 10 times did the young man finally take heed of the message, opening the book as he began to read through its pages.
From the information he had gotten from the auction and the information he had from his past life, Valyr was expecting to see lines upon lines of undecipherable text all over the pages, thinking that he would have to decipher the text before being able to comprehend it.
Fortunately, even though that was indeed the case, the young man surprised to find out that he could understand what the text meant, gradually beginning to read it in earnest.
"The body is a vessel, a container of one's power. Only with the vessel strengthened could one showcase abilities beyond the comprehensible." As he began to mutter a couple of lines of text here and there, Valyr gradually fell into a trance, feeling as if a world far greater than he had imagined was opened in front of him.
With every line he read, the young man felt like there were over hundreds of ways to interpret it, all of which would eventually lead him down towards the sole path the book wanted him to take. Thankfully, only a couple of hours had passed by the time he was finished reading the book, returning back to normal after a few minutes of silence.
"I see." Taking in a deep breath as he glanced at the archaic-looking book one last time, Valyr stored the book back into his spatial bracelet before sitting cross-legged. Closing his eyes, he let out a long and drawn-out sigh as he began to pull out mana from within him. "This is definitely a peculiar skill."
"Then again, I have a feeling this won't be the last one." Releasing all of the mana that was in his body, the young man went ahead and condensed all of the mana into a series of threads. Then, after sensing that the threads were condensed enough, he willed all of them to head straight towards his body, striking certain parts as he let out a muffled groan.
"Grr…" Though the pain he felt from them gradually increased the more time passed, Valyr composed himself as he soon began to move all of the mana threads at once across his body. Unsurprisingly, a great wave of pain assaulted his senses due to his actions, yet he persevered, feeling a bit of blood oozing out of the paths the threads were making.
Naturally, the paths Valyr was carving on his skin came from reading the Outer Realm Scripture, which comprised of the first three levels due to it being the first volume. Though the reaching the third level of the scripture would only give him a 5% boost to his physical stats at most, the three levels laid a solid foundation for the second and third volume.
In fact, it even hinted in a few of its pages that learning the two other scriptures would become considerably easier with the Outer Realm Scripture comprehended.
By the time the young man was finished carving out all of the paths across his body, the moon was only an hour and a half away from setting into the horizon. Taking in a few deep breaths, the young man wryly smiled as he noticed that his mana had only recovered to a quarter of its original capacity after all this time. It did not help out that the paths he had carved were absorbing some mana from the atmosphere as well.
'If it's already this bad after five of us had ascended to Rank 3, how bad would it have been if we hadn't.' Inwardly letting out an amused sigh at the thought, Valyr went ahead and grabbed a few mana potions from his spatial bracelet, downing them in mere moments.
To no surprise, his mana reserves had returned to peak condition after that, with the extra mana remaining from the potions even going towards the paths he had carved.
Whoosh!
With the paths radiating a faint cyan light, the young man looked as if he had gotten tattoos all over his body. Fortunately, the light from these paths gradually dimmed down, making it seem like nothing had happened to the young man in the first place.
Ding!
[You have upgraded the skill 'Outer Realm Scripture' to the 1st Stage.]
However, with the faint increase in strength he could feel coursing through his body, he knew very well that he had set himself on a path that would give him a great amount of power.
…
"Our plan for today is to head to the plains and set up camp there." Seeing as everyone had not gotten a wink of sleep last night, Valyr went straight to the point on their agendas for the day, giving others the opportunity to rouse their consciousness while they were chowing down on their respective breakfasts.
Having learned a passive skill related to cooking in preparation for the inheritance, Valyr made great use of it during this time, which prompted a couple among the other four to look at him with surprise. One of those surprised was Loreina, who already thought to herself that she was going to be doing most of the cooking during their exploration.
"To make sure all of us would be able to explore this place unscathed, we'll be heading down there in a specific formation," said Valyr. "Hal and I would act as vanguard, while Faulus and Vera would be at the rear. Loreina would be in the middle, providing support to the side that needs it more." .
"Hal, is it fine if you take another look at our path ahead?" As everyone nodded in response to Valyr's plan, the latter shifted his attention towards Hal. Seeing as he was the only other person in their group that had a reconnaissance skill, Hal could only acquiesce as he put his remaining breakfast to the side before taking a look at the plains.
However, not even a minute after taking a look through his skill, Hal turned to look at Valyr with a grim expression. "I think you need to see this."
"Hmm?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity, Valyr shifted his gaze towards the plains with [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] activated to its very limits. It did not take long for him to figure out what Hal wanted to see, letting out a long sigh as he turned around to look back at the others with a grim expression.
"Everyone…"
"Change of plans."
Chapter 590: Four Pillars: Worst Fears

"What's wrong?" Noticing that both Hal and Valyr's expressions had turned grim at their discovery, the three were incredibly curious as to what the two had discovered.
"Well, it's something that might probably affect the entirety of our journey throughout the inheritance." Returning his attention to his breakfast for a bit, Valyr vividly recalled what he had just seen through the vision granted by [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], ignoring the slight fear and concern creeping up onto the other's faces.
For a short while, the entire landscape making up the inheritance did not show any sort of difference under his vision, prompting him to look at Hal for a bit after he was called. However, knowing that the man was not someone who pulled pranks in serious situations, he proceeded to continue looking with the skill activated, eventually noticing what the man had probably wanted him to see.
From the few times Valyr had used [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] in combat, he was somewhat certain that any being in front of him would have a corresponding pitch-black circle that denoted their weak spot. Whether they may be of a lower rank or of a higher rank, both would show up in front of his vision…
Though there existed a couple of differences.
For one, the size of the circle within his vision grew smaller the higher the rank of the being was. Though Valyr did not know why that was the case at first, he now had a feeling it had something to do with how quick he would be able to defeat the being he was looking at.
After all, with greater strength, more possibilities to capitalize on weak spots arose.
Aside from that, he also noticed that it generally took longer for him to find weak spots on higher-ranked beings or beings of higher strength through the skill. Of course, with how weak spots became easier to exploit if his strength grew greater, then the opposite would naturally apply.
With those differences in mind, the young man realized that the pitch-black circles denoting every enemy they would come across in the inheritance had gotten considerably smaller, taking quite some time for them to appear. In fact, with his vision focused on the center of the city ruins, some of the pitch-black circles had even disappeared, causing him to briefly shudder as he had a foreboding feeling.
"If Hal and I aren't mistaken…" Letting out a low sigh as he took a few bites of his remaining breakfast, Valyr looked at the others with a calm expression. "It seems that the enemies we'll be facing had grown stronger after our ascensions."
"What?!" Naturally, such information struck down on the minds of the other three like a heavy hammer. After all, none of them had expected the inheritance to have a mechanic such as this.
"The two of us will check out the entire thing again after this." Though he had an idea as to why the enemies had grown stronger, Valyr put it aside for the meantime. "For now, focus on your food, clean up camp, and wait for our words."
At those words, the other three could only nod and inwardly let out a sigh. Thoughts related to the words Valyr had uttered began to linger in their minds after that, though one quickly became prevalent only a few minutes after they had finished their breakfasts.
'Guess this inheritance doesn't want us to have an easy time in the first place.'
…
"So, what's the verdict?" After everyone had finished eating their breakfast, Hal and Valyr returned to where they had done their reconnaissance yesterday, looking over everything once more with an inquisitive gaze. In the meantime, the other three began to clean up by storing the items into their spatial bracelets, readying themselves for the journey as they looked at the other two with a hint of worry.
Seeing as both Hal and Valyr walked back to where they were waiting with a somber expression, it was no surprise to the three that their worst fears had been realized. Steeling their minds for the onslaught that they would have to face to explore the inheritance, Loreina decided to speak up for the three to find out more about the current situation from Valyr and Hal.
"I'm somewhat regretting the fact that we listened to Elder Faulerei's words." As the two of them looked at the three with a wry smile, Valyr began to speak. "Anyways, the two of us have confirmed that all of the enemies we'll be facing in this inheritance had gone up slightly above one rank in terms of power."
"Those roaming around the plains now have strengths varying from the middle levels of Rank 4 to the late levels of Rank 4," said Hal as he continued where Valyr left off. "On the other hand, the weakest in the four quadrants are in the peak levels of Rank 4, while the strongest among them are at the middle levels of Rank 5."
"Regarding Intents, almost all of them have comprehended an Intent Seed, though whether or not they'd reached the second stage or culmination stage is something my skill could not detect." Scratching the back of his head, Hal heaved out a low sigh at these words.
"As for the strongest ones in the quadrants, though I didn't really want to say this, all of them have comprehended a full Intent, their grades unknown to the five of us."
Unsurprisingly, the dread the others were feeling from Valyr's words at first only became worse when Hal took over the explanation of their current situation. With how almost every person wanted to obtain an Intent the very moment they gained the capabilities to do so, it was no surprise that everyone in their group knew how much of an increase in difficulty fighting against enemies with Intent was.
Though, with the existence of grades among Intents, that increase could either range from a substantial increase to an increase that even the most talented would have a difficulty surmounting. Similar to how the four phases of an Intent Seed worked, each grade of Intent allowed one's connection with the world to become stronger, increasing the amount of strength they could wield. .
However, unlike the four phases, Intent was separated into nine grades. The weakest grade of Intent one could obtain was 9th Grade Intent, while the strongest grade was 1st Grade Intent. Nevertheless, even gaining comprehension of 9th Grade Intent was enough to substantially increase one's strength in the battlefield, with those having 1st Grade Intent akin to becoming gods of destruction.
"Lastly, the center of the city ruins houses enemies that have strengths ranging from the middle levels to the peak of Rank 5." Giving the others time to digest the information they had received, it was only after a couple of minutes did Hal drop the information almost everyone among them dreaded to hear. However, as the young man continued his explanation, they soon found out that it was only the beginning.
"From what my reconnaissance skill has sensed, the strongest among them has comprehended the concepts of a Force," said Hal. "However, according to Valyr's skill, some of the enemies have already broken through the shackles of Rank 5."
"So, we're up against a Myth, huh?" After giving Valyr and Hal the opportunity to explain their current situation, Faulus went ahead and aired out his grievances. "How great. How freaking great."
"I guess Elder Faulerei wanted us to lead ourselves to death by having all of us ascend to Rank 3," said Faulus not long after, prompting the others to look at him as they had similar thoughts in mind. With what they found out from the two, their current problems all stemmed from the fact that they had followed Elder Faulerei's reminder to ascend to the next rank.
However, after mulling over it for a bit, Valyr felt like he now understood why the man did it. "That might not be the case."
"Hmm?" At those words, the other four looked at the young man with curiosity, with Faulus raising his eyebrow in slight doubt. "With how his reminder caused the difficulty of our journey to spike, you really don't think that elder has some malicious intent?"
"I feel like his reminder came from the right place, but from the wrong perspective," replying to Faulus' question, Valyr began to explain his thought process. "From what I know about the inheritance, the amount we can explore in the inheritance depends on the quality of our classes. With that, I've heard that we are the first group to have probably unlocked the entire inheritance, considering that all of us have classes at Mythic grade."
Hearing his words, everyone slightly nodded in response, though Vera seemed to blank out for a bit before doing so.
"Now, think about it. You're a group that's entered the inheritance, but the locations you can explore only extend to… let's say the plains at best," continued the young man. "Armed with the reminders Elder Faulerei gave you, your entire group decided to ascend to the next rank like we did."
Fortunately, around that point, almost everyone understood what Valyr was trying to say.
"So, you're saying he didn't warn us about the increase in difficulty from the ascension since he thinks we're more than capable of clearing it?" asked Faulus after thinking about it for a bit.
"I think so." Valyr nodded. "Surmounting the gap between ranks is difficult, but not hard to do, especially for someone like us."
"I guess he just forgot to account that we'd be exploring the entire inheritance and not only a small part of it." Valyr wryly smiled.
"I still feel like he has malicious intent, but I guess it'll be better if we followed your thought process in the long run." Shrugging his shoulders, Faulus decided to move the topic forward. "Anyways, what now?"
"Well, what else would we be doing?" In response, Valyr let out a wry chuckle. "With none of us knowing how to leave the inheritance…"
"We can only move forward."
Chapter 591: Four Pillars: Aberration

After talking a bit more about their plans regarding their journey deeper into the heart of the inheritance, the group eventually began their trek towards the plains, following the formation that Valyr had suggested to them earlier.
With both of them having reconnaissance skills, as well as the fact that they were most experienced when it came to combat, Hal and Valyr formed the vanguard of the group, taking a look at their surroundings to see if there were any enemies nearby. As this would be their first time fighting against the denizens of the inheritance, they actively searched for an enemy that looked to have been separated from the others.
As for Loreina, Vera, and Faulus, the three of them also kept their eyes peeled for any possible enemies, hoping to get an idea on how they would adapt their fighting styles to their enemies within the inheritance. With their stats bolstered after ascending to the peak of Rank 3, their attempts at looking around hadn't been entirely useless as Loreina eventually noticed a lone enemy a kilometer or so away from where they stood.
With their improved stats, it did not take long for them to get a better look of what they would have to fight against during their time in the inheritance. However, after getting a good look at their opponent, most of them somewhat regretted the fact that they had gone closer, with Hal and Valyr looking at it with grim expressions.
If one were to sum up the appearance of the being that was still a distance away from them in one word, then that word would have to be human. Though, that was the only similarity it and the five had going for it as the being looked to be an incredibly poor attempt at emulating the appearance of one.
All of the muscles making up its four appendages had been blown out of proportion, reminding a few among the group of how frogs looked before they let out a croak. Nevertheless, veins as thick as branches lined each and every muscle, which formed a stark contrast to its torso and its head.
For the lack of a better term, the being's torso and head looked to be lopsided, bent in an unnatural manner due to the weight of its upper limbs. It was as if all of the nutrients the being partook in had all gone to its muscles, with only a small amount remaining towards these two areas.
With a blank glare adorning its emaciated face as it roamed around like a feral creature, the five looked at each other and wondered whether they were even looking at one of their kin. Fortunately, a quick activation of the identification skill was more than enough for them to find out that the system declared the beings as something else entirely.
Ding!
[Aberration (Legendary Elite)] (Level 64)
Class: Aberration (Uncommon)
HP: 15,424/15,424
MP: 10,368/10,368
Stats: 482 VIT, 565 STR, 502 AGI, 473 DEX, 324 INT, 284 WIS, 252 PER, 144 LUK
Skills: [Intermediate Regeneration], [Intermediate Physical Damage Resistance], [Basic Physical Damage Nullification], [Basic Magical Damage Resistance],...
Remarks: An experiment gone wrong.
Taking a look at the screen brought up in front of him thanks to [Greater Analysis], Valyr's eyes briefly widened in surprise as he noticed that the being was actually a Legendary Elite tier monster. 'If we were still at the peak of Rank 2, this would have probably been a Rare Elite tier monster. Possibly an Epic Elite tier monster at most.'
"An experiment gone wrong, huh…" With his stats giving him the confidence to be calm up against what would be their first opponent in the inheritance, the young man eventually shifted his gaze towards the remarks written by the system, raising his eyebrow in slight curiosity. .
'With how advanced the city looks even after it turned to ruins, I guess they dabbled in genetic modification.' As they had moved somewhat closer to the city, Valyr was able to notice a few more things about the ruins that he hadn't noticed at first. One of those was the fact that it looked like the city had achieved a level of technology far above the level of technology Earth had achieved in his past life and in his current life.
Nevertheless, the thought only came to mind as he had recalled reading a few attempts at genetic modification in the past, though those articles talked about how they were successful in making people immune to all types of diseases, improving people's physical capabilities, and the like.
Of course, he was more than certain that a large pile of failed attempts had laid down the path people needed to take before they were able to achieve even one successful attempt, with the aberration that stood far before them being an example of one of those failed attempts.
"So, who wants to fight the aberration?" Turning around to look at the others, Valyr went ahead and asked them as he pointed at the aberration. With how everyone had ascended to the peak of Rank 3 and how everyone had Mythic grade classes, the young man was certain that everyone would be able to defeat the aberration without much of a problem.
However…
"Shouldn't you fight it first as the leader?" said Faulus in response, eliciting some of the others to look at him with surprised expressions. "After all, among the five of us, you're the strongest when it comes to combat, so you'd be able to defeat the aberration without a problem, as well as obtain a few nuances during the fight that would allow us to combat it more easily."
"Why don't you do it instead?" Though he felt a bit of anger at Faulus from the suggestion, Valyr wasn't going to acquiesce that easily, turning the tables around in his response. "You did approach me last night that you wanted me to teach you a few things about combat, so why not use this opportunity as a way to gain some experience?"
"Alright, I'll do it." Fortunately, just as Faulus was about to answer back with a retort at Valyr, Hal had stopped the entire thing from escalating any further, telling the others to stay where they were.
Taking in a deep breath, Hal took out his newly upgraded sword with a low sigh, heading straight for the aberration before Valyr could even say anything.
Chapter 592: Four Pillars: Easy Pickings

"What the heckwas that about, Faulus?" Whilst Hal was making his way to the aberration at the limits of his agility, Loreina looked at the alchemist with a frown. "Did you really have to force Valyr to make the first move? Even you could have beaten that thing with your stats, no?"
In response to the series of questions, Faulus remained silent. Though he had gained his bearings the previous night after talking with Valyr, it seemed as if all of that progress was instantly lost after sighting the first opponent of their inheritance, feeling a hint of fear at the thought of fighting something like it.
Not wanting to show to the others that he feared fighting against even the weakest kind of enemy they would come across in the inheritance, the alchemist clicked his tongue as he responded, "So what? Am I wrong in saying that Valyr would have an easy time fighting against it? Am I also wrong in saying that Valyr would have gotten more information from fighting against it with his combat prowess?"
"Now's not the time to argue over something like this." Scratching the back of his head, Valyr interrupted the two from further bickering as he told the two to focus their attention on Hal's fight. "If we're already fighting over something as small as this, I don't know if we wouldn't even be able to explore the inheritance completely." .
Thankfully, after these words, Faulus and Loreina remained silent and focused their attention on Hal, who was only seconds away from landing his first strike on the aberration. With that, Valyr briefly ruminated over the various reasons why Faulus wanted him to go first, only to put it aside for the meantime as he hoped to gain a greater idea of the inheritance from this first skirmish.
…
"[Blade of Six Paths]…" Imbuing his sword with a bit of mana, Hal gazed at the aberration in the eyes, the latter's attention wholly focused on him. Then, without hesitation, he raised his sword to the sky before bringing it downwards, landing a solid strike on the aberration's body.
"[Mortal Severing Slash]."
"Grwaaagghh!!!" Though the aberration had a series of skills that reduced the damage it took, the strength imbued within Hal's strike had caused a large wound to open up on the aberration's body. Letting out a shriek from the pain it felt, the wound ran along the aberration's torso to one of its enlarged arms, making one faintly wonder how strong its vitality was.
'This seems… easier than I thought?' With the aberration thoroughly enraged by the attack, Hal watched as the aberration swung its arms to the sky before slamming it down to the ground at full force, causing the ground to quake. Unsurprisingly, with the great disparity between his and the aberration's stats, he was able to easily dodge the attack, countering against it by landing a series of slashes across its arms.
Once more, the aberration screamed out in pain, its blank stare from earlier now replaced with a maddened expression that wanted to kill Hal no matter what. Empowered by its rage, the aberration attempted an attack once more, utilizing the strong muscles in its legs to appear in front of the man before slamming down.
Yet, similar to before, Hal was able to easily dodge the attack as a calm expression appeared on his face. Landing a series of lacerations across the aberration's engorged legs, he gradually began to land more and more attacks on the aberration as he wanted to confirm a suspicion he had that arose from his first attack.
By the end of it, the aberration had become a recipient of Hal's incessant attacks, letting out scream after scream as its only sign that it remained alive amidst the beating it had taken on.
"[Mortal Severing Slash]." Feeling as if he had gained more or less all of the information the group would need from their enemy in the plains, Hal took one last look at the aberration, whose body was greatly mangled from the attacks he had landed on it. Though somewhat surprised at its tenacity to keep on living, the man went ahead and ended the battle with a quick slice through the aberration's throat, separating its head from the body for good.
Ding!
Hearing a few notification sounds resound in his mind after he had killed the group's first aberration, a look of slight surprise appeared on Hal's face for a brief moment before making his way back to where the four stood as he condensed all of the information he had gained from the fight on his way back.
"What's the verdict?" Watching Hal return from his fight against the aberration, Valyr took the initiative to start the conversation, even though how the fight went earlier already told him what he wanted to know.
"Easy pickings," Hal responded, looking at everyone else before stopping at Faulus for a brief moment. "Though I'm not sure if all aberrations are like this, it seems like they've been put in the inheritance as a way for inheritors to get used to combat before heading deeper."
"I'm quite certain that everyone here could fight against a bunch of aberrations on their own without much problem, though keep in mind that their stats and skills are the real deal," he continued, looking at Loreina and the other two. "Especially you three. You three would definitely suffer a lot against even one of its hits."
"I guess that's that, then." Pondering over something for a bit, Valyr eventually looked at the others with a slight nod. "Everyone, we'll head in a bit deeper into the plains and set up our camp there. After that, everyone can split up and fight against aberrations to gain a better idea of what to expect once we head deeper into the inheritance."
"From what Hal has said, it's a good way for us to polish up on combat." At these words, the young man briefly glanced at Hal, who bitterly smiled after noticing his momentary gaze. "So, if you feel like your combat skills aren't up to par for what's to come, now's a good chance to brush up on that."
"Any other questions?"
Seeing that everyone shook their heads in response, Valyr nodded back in understanding as he and Hal led the group deeper into the plains, only stopping once they had found a suitable campsite a couple hours after the beginning of their trek.
Chapter 593: Four Pillars: Dominance

"Alright." Seeing that their camp for the night had been fully set up, Valyr called for the others to gather around him. Giving each of them a brief glance, he then slightly nodded. "As I mentioned earlier, the plains is a good spot to hone your combat experience, allowing you to get used to fighting beings that are at least a rank above you in terms of strength."
"Not only that, but these aberrations also give out a ton of experience due to the disparity in levels between us and them," he continued, though everyone there more or less knew what he wanted to say.
"For the remainder of the day, all of us should go our separate ways and fight against these aberrations, whether it's to hone our combat experience, gain XP, or just get a better sense of working around the world's scant concentration of mana."
"Speaking of mana, has anyone already tried out if magic skills work fine in the inheritance?" Hearing Valyr's words, Loreina decided to speak up as she relied on magic skills a lot.
Pondering over the process he had gone through regarding the Outer Realm Scripture last night, a thought soon surfaced within the young man's mind. "I did a bit of checking last night, and it looks like mana regeneration is the only thing that's affected by concentration. I'll have to do some more checking once we're fighting against the aberrations."
Loreina nodded back in response. "I'll do some testing as well."
"Got it." As Vera said after Loreina that she would also do some testing, Valyr thanked the two of them before asking the others to add one another to each other's friend lists. Then, after making sure that everyone had every other member aside from them added, the young man went ahead and created a party chat with the five of them as members.
"Since we'll be going our separate ways for the meantime, this will serve as our method of communication. Whether it be questions that have answers everyone else would benefit from, findings in your area of the plains, or any other important stuff, please send those messages here." Asking everyone to keep the party chat screen open at all times, the young man gave everyone one last reminder before the five of them went their separate ways.
Surprisingly, Vera and Loreina had decided to team up, while Hal went on his own in a direction away from the pair. As for Valyr, he was about to head in a direction away from the others on his own, only to be stopped by a young man trying to catch up to him.
"Wait a minute, Valyr!" Hearing his name being called, Valyr stopped in his tracks and turned, only for a mysterious expression to appear on his face when the one that called him was Faulus.
At first, the young man thought that Faulus looked to be arrogant towards anyone he did not deem as an equal, while those he deemed an equal he treated as a good friend. However, after the alchemist had suggested earlier that he should fight against the first aberration, the young man could not make heads or tails as to what kind of person Faulus was.
"What's up?" Knowing that cooperation was key while exploring the inheritance, he put his lingering thoughts of slight rage to the side as he looked at Faulus with a raised eyebrow. Instead, if his train of thought was correct, what the alchemist would ask him might just be what he needed to get a better idea of what kind of person Faulus was.
"Well…" Twiddling his thumbs for a bit, Faulus took in a deep breath before giving Valyr a half-bow. "I would like to apologize for the matter earlier!"
At those words, Valyr's eyes widened in slight surprise, finding it slightly more difficult to guess the man's personality. Nevertheless, he nodded in response, telling him that he forgave him after the latter explained that his fears from last night had seemingly popped up after getting a closer look at the aberration.
After a bit more smoothing out between them, Faulus then asked if he could join the young man to possibly gain some more combat experience before they enter the depths of the inheritance. Naturally, Valyr agreed to the proposition, though he did tell the alchemist that he would have to slightly distance himself from the man once they found their opponents to fight.
"Now that I think about it, are you still using magic as your main combat style?" Roaming through the plains at considerably high speeds, the young man decided to make some small talk with the guy, hoping to find out more regarding the latter's combat expertise.
Faulus replied with a nod, "Yeah, though I did pick up a weapon a week before the inheritance since the combat instructor that taught me told me to do so."
"What weapon did you choose, then?" Valyr raised his eyebrows in curiosity.
"The staff." Hearing Faulus' response, the young man nodded in understanding. Though it was not as widespread as the sword or the spear, the staff was still a great weapon choice as the number of ways one could attack with it was nigh infinite. If anything, one could say that the spear is an extension of the staff, with the only difference being the fact that it had a sharp edge on one side.
Making a bit more small talk after that, with Valyr giving Faulus tips on wielding the staff from his treasure trove of memories, the two soon focused all of their attention on traversing the plains in search of aberrations to fight against. Fortunately, it only took a couple of minutes for them to arrive at what looked to be the boundary of a territory filled with these hulking creatures.
Looking at each and every aberration within his field of vision with [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], Valyr slightly nodded before turning to look at Faulus. "As we've talked during our trek earlier, we'll be fighting against these aberrations separately. Feel free to take a break every few aberrations or so to gain an idea of what you could improve on your combat style, though I'll also give a few of my insights here and there."
"And if one side is in danger?" asked the alchemist in response, which Valyr found slightly amusing.
"With the disparity between our stats and theirs, the chances of that happening are low," replied Valyr. "But if that ever happens, the other side should always be ready to help the one in danger out." .
With that, the two of them went their separate ways, approaching the territory of aberrations in front of them from differing sides, making sure to not interfere on the other. Surprisingly, Faulus had brought out a staff Valyr had never seen before, to which the latter nodded in agreement.
"[Offense Aura+]." Confident that Faulus would mostly be fine against the aberrations, Valyr went ahead and focused his sights on one of the aberrations ahead of him as he charged up one of the stronger magic skills under his arsenal.
Due to the fact that he was still unsure whether or not the mana concentration in the area would affect the power of his magic, the young man wanted to end the battle against the aberration before it began. With that, it went without saying that under the effect of [Hunter's Tracking Eyes], the young man aimed…
At the aberration's weakest point.
"[Crimson Blade Descent]."
Whoosh!
Bang!
'-24,165!!!'
With all of his attention focused on the pitch-black circle within his vision, Valyr sent out a blade made out of crimson flames that was considerably larger than any of the blades he had conjured before. Then, wanting to catch the opponent unaware, he propelled the blade forward at great speeds, causing the aberration to die before it could even know what hit it.
Ding!
[With a 9 level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 180%.]
[You have slain a Level 64 Aberration (Legendary Elite). You have gained 1,075,536 XP.]
"Now that I think about it, does Mark of the Alltide have an effect on these things?" Slightly grinning at the fact that he had gained close to a million XP without breaking much of a sweat, the young man shared his current findings regarding magic skills to the party chat as the thought surfaced in his mind.
Deciding to read the messages that followed after the one sent later, he then traveled a bit around the idea, eventually finding an aberration that seemed to be away from the other aberrations. Inching closer and closer to the aberration until it hit the range of the curse, the young man did not know whether to be happy or sad at the fact the aberration had not been affected by the curse at all.
Nevertheless, with that query answered, he proceeded to slaughter all of the aberrations near him, relying on the cheat that was [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] alongside his empowered set of magic skills. At times, he would also utilize his spear whenever he came across a considerably large group of aberrations, the damage values that popped up causing a wide grin to appear on Valyr's face.
Then again, by the time he had gone through about 60 or so aberrations, a lingering thought eventually surfaced in his mind, prompting him to look at his palms with a pensive expression.
"Now that I think about it…"
"I should really get my hands on a magic weapon."
Chapter 594: Four Pillars: Gates of Enlightenment

Due to the slight modification Noel had done to Valyr's subclass, not only did the young man's Attack stat now scale off of his DEX stat, it now also scaled off of his INT stat whenever he used any of his magic skills.
However, as the modification was more or less on the spot, with the basis for it being a lingering thought from one of Noel's past disciples, the Attack stat did not scale fully while using INT, its effects only being 50% effective.
Nevertheless, the amount of damage he could now deal due to the change was more than just 50%, especially with the aid of [Hunter's Tracking Eyes]. With him being somewhat confident that evolving the subclass would eventually allow his Attack stat to scale off of INT properly, he thought about planning ahead by forging a magic weapon for himself, the form of which he was still unsure.
'I'll think more about it once I leave the inheritance,' thought Valyr to himself as he put the idea to the side for the meantime. 'I don't have the advancements unlocked nor the materials needed to forge it anyway.' .
With that, he continued with his onslaught, methodically killing any aberration that looked to be within his range. Of course, while doing so, he would make some time to head over to Faulus and give the latter a few tips on how he could fight against his foes more efficiently.
After putting all of his attention on the first few aberrations he had fought to see if he could kill them without many difficulties, the young man would usually look in Faulus' direction from time to time, gaining an idea of what the alchemist could improve upon as he cross-referenced his thoughts with his memories from the past.
Once Faulus had killed a few aberrations of his own, only then did the young man impart a few words of wisdom, most of the time eliciting an enlightened expression on the former's face. Taking some time to ponder over Valyr's words and internalize its concepts, it was only after a few minutes did Faulus resume fighting once more, his capabilities in combat undergoing a considerable increase.
With how many times Valyr had imparted Faulus with tips regarding combat by the time the former had slain his 100th aberration, it went without saying that the latter now had the air of a combat veteran around him, giving him the confidence to even fight a small group of aberrations without getting flustered.
Then again, compared to someone like Valyr and Hal, the alchemist had a long way to go.
…
After imparting Faulus with another important tip regarding combat, Valyr resumed his fight against the many aberrations in the area he claimed, slightly surprised that their number did not decrease from their wanton killing whatsoever. Shrugging his shoulders as he thought it was some kind of magic from the inheritance, the young man swiftly sent out a crimson blade towards what was his 111th aberration, snuffing out its life before it could even realize it had died.
"Hmm?" With how anticlimactic the fight was, Valyr was about to walk a bit deeper into the territory to fight a couple more aberrations. However, as he passed through the corpse of the aberration he had just killed, he noticed a small shard jutting out of the hole he had made, which glistened under the rays of the sun.
Sensing that there was nothing nefarious about the shard whatsoever, the young man let his curiosity get the better of him and yanked the shard out of the aberration's body. Though, at the very moment he did so, a few tidbits of information surged into his mind as a notification sound resounded soon after.
'The Gates of Enlightenment are open to everyone. However, only those that proved themselves to be worthy of enlightenment may enter.'
As he listened to the voice that resounded in his mind, Valyr felt like it had come from someone that had experienced the vicissitudes of time. However, underneath that layer of boundless experience was an exuberant vigor that would normally only be found in people their age, which made the young man feel like the voice had become jarring all of a sudden.
Thankfully, the confusion he felt from the voice swiftly cleared up on his own as he took a look at the notification that had appeared, his expression becoming jubilant.
Ding!
[You have received a new quest: Gates of Enlightenment' Trial (1).]
Reading through the notification he had received, an obvious thought gradually came up to the surface of Valyr's mind. 'Is this perhaps the true reason as to why the Four Pillars' Inheritance has been entered by many people already?'
From the name alone, Valyr had no doubts that he would be able to gain a lot if he were to enter a place like the Gates of Enlightenment. Fortunately, it looked like he had already taken a step in the right direction to gain access to such a place, opening up the description of the quest he had received.
Ding!
[Gates of Enlightenment' Trial (1)] (Linked Quest) (Time-limited Quest)
Difficulty: C
The Gates of Enlightenment is considered to be a paradise for many, allowing those that have entered its gates to improve greatly on their abilities within a small amount of time. Though it is unknown as to why such a place exists in an inheritance, the gains one would obtain from such a place could be carried outside, allowing one to stand head and shoulders above others without fear.
Of course, one must prove one's capability to enter the gates in the first place.
Quest Objectives:
> Obtain Key Fragments to the Gates of Enlightenment (1/5)
Quest Rewards:
> Primary eligibility to the Gates of Enlightenment
> Access to Gates of Enlightenment' Trial (2)
Quest Penalties:
> None
[Note: This quest can only be obtained and completed within the Four Pillars' Inheritance. Leaving the inheritance is considered as forfeiting the quest.]
"So, what I'm holding right now is a Key Fragment." Looking at the shard he had yanked out of the aberration with a calm expression, Valyr faintly nodded in understanding as he tried to connect his actions so far to the quest he had just received. "Though I'm not sure whether my assumptions are correct or not, killing enough aberrations yields a Key Fragment at some point."
"I should tell this to the others." Opening up the party chat, Valyr went ahead and messaged the others regarding the discovery he had made. While doing so, he went ahead and used [Greater Analysis] on the fragment, only to find out that there was more to it than it initially seemed.
Chapter 595: Four Pillars: The Hunt for Key Fragments

Ding!
[Key Fragment to the Gates of Enlightenment] (Item)
Rarity: ???
To be enlightened is to gain greater understanding. To be enlightened is to expand one's horizons. To be enlightened is to ascend to a higher state of being. To be enlightened is to encompass a portion of the world.
This fragment contains trace amounts of energy that would lead one to a place considered as a paradise of learning for many, the Gates of Enlightenment. The trace amounts of energy it radiates seems to be attuned to one of the gates, giving off the feeling of leather and string amidst all other properties. Perhaps obtaining more shards of similar energy would allow one to get a better idea of where the Gates of Enlightenment lies?
Ignoring most of the text that made up the description of the fragment, Valyr noticed that there was a small tidbit about the key fragments that warranted a bitter smile to faintly appear on his face. 'Feeling of leather and string… is the system telling me that this fragment is made for someone that specializes in tailoring?'
Fortunately, the young man did not have to dwell much on it any further as the others had responded to his message, a couple of which made him briefly scratched the back of his head with an awkward smile.
"You're telling me the Key Fragment looked like a shard jutting out of the aberrations?" Vera replied to the message Valyr had sent, containing almost all of the information he had gleaned from the quest and his actions. Though the young man had replied yes to the question, he had a feeling that Vera, as well as Loreina, would take a while to send a reply back.
"Ah… so that's why I got a notification from picking up the shard earlier." With the two girls off doing their own things, Hal had sent a message of his own through the party chat, thanking Valyr for the information he had shared with them. Replying back to the message, Valyr soon asked Hal if he take a look at the fragment's description and tell him any information that seemed important.
Answering back with affirmation, the party chat had become silent as Valyr waited for Hal to read through the description of the Key Fragment he had obtained. While doing so, Vera and Loreina had sent their respective messages into the chat that they had grabbed the Key Fragments they left on the aberration, only to not respond any further after that.
"What are these Key Fragments are you guys talking about?" Certain that the three were now preoccupied with identifying the fragments they had obtained, Valyr was forced to look away from the party chat as Faulus moved closer to him. "Never mind. No need for the explanation."
"Anyways, none of the aberrations I've killed have dropped a Key Fragment yet," said the alchemist not long after.
In response, Valyr asked him, "The Key Fragments don't really drop. They just jut out of the aberrations after you kill them for you to pick them up."
"Yeah, I get that." Faulus nodded. "However, I've noticed no shard jutting out whatsoever."
"How many aberrations have you killed so far?" asked Valyr, recalling the hypothesis he had come up with before sending a message to the party chat. "Have you been keeping track?"
"Of course." Nodding, Faulus looked at Valyr with a proud grin. "I've killed 89 aberrations so far."
"Pretty good." With his eyes briefly widening in pleasant surprise, the young man gave the alchemist a satisfied nod. "Anyways, if my hypothesis is correct, you're pretty close to getting a Key Fragment of your own. Just make sure to count how many aberrations you've killed in total to confirm my suspicions."
Getting a nod of understanding from Faulus as he returned to his part of the territory the two of them shared, Valyr returned his attention back to the party chat. Seeing that the chat now had a few more messages on it, he read through all of them first before sending a response.
"I just checked through the fragment's description," wrote Hal in his message. "It says that it gives off the feeling of herbs and nature."
"The feeling my fragment gives off is different." After Hal's message was Vera's. "It says that it gives off the feeling of books and spirituality."
"Mine gives off the feeling of metal and flames," wrote Loreina in her message. "Wait a second… these feelings correspond to the four classes in our group."
"I had a feeling that was the case," said Valyr, responding to the messages of the three in one go. "With that, we've confirmed that the Key Fragments we obtain from the aberrations are attuned towards any of the four classes needed to enter the inheritance. Next, we need to find out how many aberrations do we have to slay in order to get our hands on a Key Fragment."
Obtaining messages from the others that they would keep track on the number of aberrations they had killed before obtaining another Key Fragment, Valyr soon returned his attention to the aberrations in his surroundings, keeping track of his kill count as he went through the aberrations at a slightly frenzied pace.
Though, by the time he had slain his 50th aberration after the first Key Fragment, Faulus had come up to him with an ecstatic expression, prompting him to stop his carnage as he told the man to take a look at the fragment's description.
After finding out that the fragment was attuned to the Alchemist class, Valyr then asked Faulus as to how many aberrations he had killed in total before obtaining his first Key Fragment, the answer of which made the young man slightly raise his eyebrows in surprise.
"I made sure to not skip over any numbers and check over my count twice," said Faulus with confidence, storing the Key Fragment he had gotten in his spatial bracelet. "In total, I killed 111 aberrations before getting a Key Fragment."
'That's the same number I stopped at before noticing the shard.' Mulling over the number Faulus gave him, Valyr allowed the alchemist to return to what he was doing before shifting his gaze towards the party chat. Telling the other three that one might possibly gain a Key Fragment after killing 111 aberrations in a row, the young man decided to hold off on killing more aberrations and wait for confirmation before continuing.
"Just confirmed. Got my second Key Fragment after killing another 111 aberrations," sent Hal to the party chat. Not long after, Vera and Loreina had confirmed it as well, prompting Valyr to thank the three before taking a brief glance at the sky.
Seeing that there were still a few hours before the sun began to set, the young man took in a deep breath as he looked at the aberrations with a faint grin on his face. Conjuring a series of crimson blades in one quick motion, the young man instantly knew what he had to do, recalling the thing he had done back then in the Shadow Plane to get stronger.
Which was to start a massacre.
Chapter 596: Four Pillars: Mishap

"So, how's everyone's progress on collecting those Key Fragments?" Sitting around the fire they lit to illuminate the campsite, Valyr looked at the others with a faint smile on his face whilst having a firm grip on his plate of food for the night.
To no surprise, after everyone had confirmed that one would need to kill 111 aberrations to obtain a Key Fragment, the five spared no time to put all of their attention towards killing the aberrations, dyeing the ground of the territories they set foot on a dark crimson red. Then again, with the fact that the aberrations gave a lot of XP without needing to put in much effort, the quest revolving around the fragments only spurred them to put more effort into what they planned on doing.
Nevertheless, by the time the sun had begun to set, all five made their way back to the campsite, with some of them begin to prepare dinner as they readied themselves for rest. While doing so, Valyr asked the others if they had experienced the same thing as him once they picked up the fragment, such as the voice that resounded in their minds after picking it up.
Fortunately, all of them had heard of the voice, though Hal said that he had heard the voice only when he had retrieved the fragment from his spatial bracelet, prompting the others to believe that it might be due to the fact that he had put the shard into his spatial bracelet from what he told them.
Aside from that, everyone talked about the effectiveness of magic within the inheritance, which the young man confirmed with the others that only the regeneration of mana was affected. On the other hand, the efficacy of the magic skills themselves were more or less the same as it was in the outside world.
"I've got my hands on three Key Fragments." Seeing that Valyr wanted to start a conversation regarding their haul for the day, Hal was the first one to speak up. "I don't know if my progress will carry over to the next day, but I've also killed around a quarter of the aberrations needed to get the fourth one."
Hearing Hal's words, Vera adorned a slightly bitter smile. "I've only been able to obtain two Key Fragments from the aberrations. Then again, the number of aberrations I've killed after that is around the halfway point needed to get the third one."
"Hehe." Loreina smugly grinned in response, taking out the fragments she had gotten. "Unlike Vera here, I was able to get my hands on three Key Fragments!"
"More like you barely got enough kills for three Key Fragments before we decided to head back," said Vera as an addendum, to which Loreina shrugged her shoulders as the smug grin on her face still remained.
"I've made more or less the same amount of progress as Vera," Faulus spoke up after seeing that the other four were looking at him. Donning a content smile, he continued, "Though, I'm pretty sure I'd be able to get five fragments before it turns midday tomorrow."
"Three Key Fragments." Seeing that he was the only one among them that hadn't announced his gains, Valyr went ahead and did so. "Got to around the halfway point for the fourth Key Fragment before returning to the camp."
"It seems everyone will be able to obtain the five Key Fragments needed to complete the quest tomorrow, then." Nodding after hearing everyone's gains, Hal took out the Key Fragments he'd gotten from his spatial bracelet after seeing Loreina take out hers.
Not long after, the other three took out the Key Fragments they had gotten, deciding to put all of the fragments together into one small pile. Taking a look at the fragments everyone had obtained today, almost all of them did not take long to notice a pleasant surprise after identifying their gains with their respective identification skills.
Shifting his gaze towards Loreina, Valyr flashed a soft smile. "It seems we've already obtained five fragments attuned to the Tailor class. Feel free to grab it and complete your quest."
"Are you sure?" Hearing the young man's words, Loreina's eyes slightly widened as she looked back at him. However, after seeing that the others were looking at her with smiles on their faces, she could only let out a sigh in response, flashing a wry smile at the others.
"I'll try my very best to grab the remaining fragments needed for you guys tomorrow." Thanking the others for generosity, Loreina picked up the fragments attuned to the Tailor class one by one, only to smile at the others before telling them that her quest had now been completed.
Whoosh!
Not even a minute later after the notification, the five fragments Loreina had grabbed from the small pile began to hover in midair as they siphoned a bit of the mana from the surroundings. Somewhat curious as to what was going on, the five watched as the fragments gradually connected with one another, forming a token that had an intricate carving of a temple on its surface.
"Did you get the continuation of the first quest?" Watching the token lose all of the energy that allowed to hover, Valyr went ahead and asked what the others wanted to know as the token landed on the ground with a faint thud.
"Yeah." Nodding as she brought up a screen to get a better look at the new quest, Loreina grabbed the complete token from the ground before focusing her attention on the screen before her. However, before she could even tell the others what the continuation of the first quest entailed…
Gooonggg…
Out of nowhere, a loud gong sound echoed throughout the area, causing everyone to cover their ears as frowns appeared on their faces. Then, just as the sound had subsided for the five to start freely talking about where it had come from, the token Loreina grabbed began to glow a bright gold all of a sudden, only for the light to swiftly envelop the entirety of her body.
Swoosh!
Without anyone being able to make a move, the four watched as Loreina disappeared before their very eyes. Unsurprisingly, most of them felt great terror from the experience since no one expected her to be taken away all of a sudden, though all of them had to put this feeling of terror aside for the meantime as a familiar voice resounded throughout their surroundings.
'A worthy candidate has been discovered.'
'The Gates of Enlightenment's trial grounds have been opened.'
Chapter 597: Four Pillars: Concern

Hearing the voice they heard from picking up their first Key Fragments echo throughout the area, the four remained silent as they focused on what the voice had to say.
'Through these trial grounds, the Gates of Enlightenment shall separate the geniuses from the elite, the diamonds from the gravel, the light from the dark.'
'Only by weathering the challenge given by the Gates of Enlightenment in these trial grounds shall the candidate be truly eligible to receive knowledge.'
'Knowledge thousands, if not millions yearn to seek.'
Letting the words of the voice linger in their minds as they thought about it from other perspectives, visible expressions of concern could be seen on everyone's faces as they looked at each other, wondering what they were to do regarding Loreina.
Though Loreina was more than deserving of her position as a prodigy and as a chosen candidate for the Four Pillars' Inheritance, that did not mean that the others there forgot about the sickness she had been born with. From what the voice had told them, it seemed like the young woman would have to go through a lot of arduous trials, which would undoubtedly aggravate her sickness even further.
"Are the Gates of Enlightenment connected to the outside world? Has Loreina been removed from the inheritance altogether?" Breaking the silence that surrounded them, Hal looked at the others as he asked them a question. "After all, the Imperial Production Guild has mentioned nothing about this to any of us. Perhaps it's something that only appeared after the entire inheritance had been made available due to our classes."
In response to the question, Valyr slowly shook his head with a sigh. "I have no idea."
"However, there is a way for us to find that out," he continued, opening up the party chat as he sent a hopeful message.
"Loreina, please message us if you're safe."
Seeing the message pop up on their respective party chat screens, it did not take long for the other three to understand what needed to be done, sending out a couple of messages that were of a similar vein to the message Valyr sent.
Though Faulerei had mentioned to the five of them that they were not able to message those from the outside world through the system's chat function, such a limitation did not exist among the five of them since they experienced the same level of time dilation. By sending a message in the party chat, they would be able to confirm whether or not Loreina was still within the inheritance even after she was teleported someplace else.
Fortunately, she was.
"I'm fine," wrote Loreina in her response, causing everyone to let out wide sighs of relief. "However, I don't know which place I ended up in. All I can say is that the space in front of me is truly barren compared to the city ruins we're near at." .
"Oh, wait. A voice is talking." Just as the others were about to tell her that she had appeared at the Gates of Enlightenment's training grounds, Loreina told them to stop sending her messages for the meantime, attempting to gain more information regarding the current situation she was in.
Thankfully, the four only had to wait for a few minutes before the young woman had begun to send a series of messages in the party chat. "So, if I'm interpreting the words of the voice correctly, I'm currently within the place where the continuation of the first quest is held. Though the voice called it the Gates of Enlightenment's trial grounds, it also mentioned that it had another name, which was the Plains of Rebirth."
"After that, it just told me to survive through the trials that would be thrown my way and I'd be able to take one step closer to whatever the Gates of Enlightenment is keeping." At those words, the four looked at each other and faintly nodded, keeping in mind the fact Loreina told them that there was still one more quest after the current one she was taking.
Of course, to gain a better understanding of what Loreina had to go through, Valyr and the others asked her if she could share information regarding her quest to them. In response, the young woman sent over the information of her current quest through the party chat, only to add soon after that she was now going to begin tackling the trials.
"So… I guess we're going to resume fighting against the aberrations?" Taking a look at the information Loreina had sent over, a moment of silence ensued among the four of them before it was broken yet again by Valyr.
Hal wryly smiled in response. "I feel like we don't have much of a choice in the matter, especially if we consider the fact that Loreina's condition might worsen a lot because of these trials."
"She'll definitely be able to complete all of those trials without a problem," said Vera soon after, though her expression remained "It seems we're not getting any sleep tonight." Devouring the remaining pieces of food on his plate, Faulus stood up and did a few solemn. "However, the earlier we enter the training grounds, the better Loreina's condition would be."
"It seems we're not getting any sleep tonight." Devouring the remaining pieces of food on his plate, Faulus stood up and did a few basic stretches before taking out a few vials from his spatial bracelet. "Since that's the case, come get your stamina potions. Also, have some potions I've concocted that would allow you to stay awake for longer."
"Let us split these remaining Key Fragments evenly among us." Grabbing some of the vials Faulus had taken out of his spatial bracelet, Valyr swiftly began to evenly distribute the eight remaining fragments among them, making sure that the attunement of the fragments they got were what they needed to enter the training grounds. "Once we get all of the fragments that we need, let's return here to redistribute them. After all, the fragments we get from the aberrations have random attunements."
With the four of them telling one another to be careful, they all began to head in separate directions, though Faulus still opted to remain with Valyr. However, before the remaining two could move far away from the pair, the young man suddenly asked them a question that prompted them to head back. "Hey!"
"Do you guys have any magic weapons you could perhaps spare?"
Chapter 598: Four Pillars: A Night of Slaughter

"I'm surprised I only thought about that while working on the scepter." Making his way to the territory he and Faulus had occupied earlier under the dim moonlight, Valyr recalled the thoughts he had while upgrading the scepter he was currently holding.
Surprisingly, even though all four of them had the capability to fight using magic, only Hal had a magic weapon he could spare to Valyr, while the other three only brought the magic weapon that suited them the most.
Then again, with how Hal could fight under most scenarios, it did not take long for him to think that the weapon the man gave him was something the former would only use if he was restricted to only using magic out of nowhere. Aside from that, Valyr was certain that Hal would mostly rely on his sword in his combat needs.
After that, the four of them went off their separate ways, though Valyr told Faulus to go on ahead first since he still had to upgrade the new weapon he had gotten. Briefly shrugging his shoulders as he thought over Hal's reasons for not bringing the scepter to him for his mass upgrade session yesterday, the young man swiftly got to work.
However, a thought suddenly surfaced in his mind not even a minute into upgrading the scepter.
'Should I use [Breath of Beginnings] on this?' asked the young man himself, commanding the system to bring up the artifact's description. 'After all, with the spear weakening me the longer I use it in combat, this scepter would essentially become my main weapon in this inheritance.'
'Though I don't know if the curse would also affect the scepter or not.' Briefly wishing to the heavens that the curse only applied to spears, the young man widely smiled as he saw the artifact's final skill available for usage.
Swiftly activating the final skill of his artifact, Valyr went through the entire process of enhancement, refinement, as well as advancement as he upgraded the scepter's offensive capabilities. With almost all of his skills related to forging enhanced thanks to his ascension to Rank 3, it did not take long for the scepter to enter a new realm of power, which was bolstered even further with the young man's iconic attribute awakening skill.
Utilizing [Greater Analysis] on the scepter as he gradually got closer to where he and Faulus were fighting against the aberrations, Valyr let out a brief chuckle as he hastened his pace even further. 'I guess the time dilation thing isn't all that bad.'
Ding!
[(+10) Arcane Scepter of Redemption] (Level 55)
Rarity: Rare
Foundation Tier: 1st Tier
Attack: 541 - 901
Additional Attributes:
> AGI + 51
> INT + 81
> WIS + 28
Originally a scepter forged for the purpose of becoming a back-up weapon for a talented individual, this weapon has been given a second life by an incredibly prodigious blacksmith. Tapping into the energy of the Hammer of Beginnings, the innate potential of the materials making up the scepter have all been brought out and refined even further, allowing it to become a weapon even veteran mages would want for themselves.
<Innate Skill 1: Lesser Arcane Mastery - Reduces the user's mana consumption by 10%.>
<Innate Skill 2: Arcane Bolt of Redemption - Allows the user to shoot out a bolt out of mana that deals 300% of the user's Attack stat. The bolt has the ability to bounce onto an enemy at most 5 meters away from the initial target, bouncing up to a maximum of 3 times. Cooldown: 15 seconds. Cost: 500 MP.>
<Innate Skill 3: Second Arcane Wind - Allows the user to restore 80% of their mana pool in an instant. The user's mana regeneration rate is increased by 25% for 1 minute. Cooldown: 10 minutes.>
Remarks: A weapon that greatly complements your abilities in the field of magic.
Though the thought of using [Breath of Beginnings] on the scepter came out of nowhere, Valyr gradually came to understand where the thought had come from while making his way to where Faulus was. With how a day in this place equated to two weeks in the outside world, that more or less meant that he could activate [Breath of Beginnings] within the inheritance every 12 hours, with the action he had done while upgrading the scepter basically confirming that thought.
"Now that I think about it, I could also probably use [Breath of Beginnings] on the other pieces making up my current armor set," muttered Valyr as he thought out loud. "Aside from increasing my defense even further, would it possibly do something to the new innate skill I got on the chestplate?"
"Also…" Continuing on his train of thought, the young man briefly stopped in his tracks as the only accessory he had around his neck briefly glistened. "[Enlightenment]."
Ding!
"I could also use this opportunity to unlock more advancements without having to rely on Technology Points." Smiling as his necklace had unlocked an advancement with the tree's Innovation branch that was related to mana and magic, Valyr continued on his trek, arriving where Faulus was a few minutes later.
…
"To be honest, I thought you'd take a bit longer to finish upgrading." Sensing the presence of a new being within his vicinity, Faulus swiftly dealt with the aberration he was fighting against before turning around. Seeing that the new being was none other than Valyr, the alchemist faintly let out a sigh of relief as he whistled at the sight of the scepter the young man was wielding.
Hearing Faulus' words, Valyr let out a chuckle. "Couldn't let you fight against all of those aberrations by yourself, you know? Especially after remembering how you reacted after the five of us saw our first aberration."
"I was hoping you didn't bring that up." Faulus wryly smiled. "Anyways, I've already gotten my third Key Fragment in total, made a bit of headway to getting the fourth Key Fragment after that."
"Got it." Valyr nodded, only to let out a sigh soon after. "I have a lot of catching up to do."
"Either way, let's get those Key Fragments as quickly as possible," he continued, to which Faulus nodded in agreement. "The sooner we enter the Gates of Enlightenment's trial grounds, the better Loreina's condition would be when we eventually meet her."
With that, the two of them distanced themselves from one another once more as they soon began to go on a killing spree against the aberrations. With the difference in stats and the experience they've accrued in combat, it could be said that there was no difference between the rate at which the two went through the aberrations in their respective territories.
However, with Loreina's gradually worsening condition lingering in their minds, the two of them were more frenzied in their offensive against the aberrations, especially Valyr. Armed with a scepter that bolstered his Attack stat by a great degree, it went without saying that he mowed through all of the aberrations as if they were grass.
In fact, most of the reason as to why his killing efficiency stayed consistent was due to [Second Arcane Wind], the innate skill that came with the scepter. Though, with the effects [Breath of Beginnings] had on items, he was certain he had awakened this skill during the upgrade process.
On the other hand, Faulus' offensive against the aberrations was a bit more relaxed when compared to Valyr's barrage of fiery crimson blades. Nevertheless, with the tips he had obtained from Valyr in Eventually, by the time the sun had begun to peek out of the horizon, the two had finally obtained the 555 kills in total needed to their offensive against the aberrations earlier and the time he spent alone fighting the aberrations, the man had begun to pepper a few magic spells here and there, slowly mixing the physical with the arcane into his combat style.
Eventually, by the time the sun had begun to peek out of the horizon, the two had finally obtained the 555 kills in total needed to obtain five Key Fragments from the aberrations, resting on ground untainted by blood for a bit before downing potions that continued to keep them awake.
Taking some time to fulfill their body's daily needs, it was only then did the two begin to head back to the campsite, their speeds considerably increased thanks to Valyr casting [Feather Steps+] and [Lesser Lightweight] on both of them, which were the evolved versions of the support skills he had bought from the pavilion.
"Apologies for taking longer than needed." With the two arriving at the campsite less than an hour later, a wry smile hung on Valyr's face as he saw that Vera and Hal were already at the campsite waiting for them.
Seeing Valyr and Faulus appear at the campsite, both Vera and Hal had visible expressions of relief on their faces as the latter looked at Valyr with a slight smile. "You two really didn't take that long. I only arrived here around half an hour ago, while Vera here arrived twenty minutes after I did."
"Glad to hear." Slightly grinning as he and Faulus sat near the two, all of them swiftly took out the Key Fragments they had collected from killing the aberrations, including the ones they had gotten from their first foray against them.
As he counted the number of fragments they had pooled together, Valyr was about to say that they were still a few fragments short from forming four tokens. Fortunately, Vera and Hal had gotten another Key Fragment respectively during their skirmishes, prompting the young man to inwardly let out a sigh of relief.
'Since Loreina's already entered the trial ground, only fragments attuned to the three other classes appeared, huh.' Looking at the small pile of fragments before them, the four of them grabbed the Key Fragments attuned to their classes one by one, allowing the fragments they took to turn into tokens that fell into the ground.
"Alright." Taking in a deep breath to compose himself, Valyr looked at the others before nodding as all of them thought of the same thing. After that, the four of them simultaneously grabbed the token that was attuned to their respective classes, their bodies soon being covered by a golden light.
"See you guys on the other side."
"Yeah. See you."
Whoosh
Chapter 599: Four Pillars: Training Grounds

Disappearing from where he initially was, Valyr felt his body being transported to another place. Closing his eyes as he let the token take wherever it wanted him to go, the young man eventually felt his feet land on solid ground.
Opening his eyes, the young man expected that he would be able to meet Loreina and the others again, with the former probably a bit worse for wear. Unfortunately, not even a couple seconds into him taking a look at his current surroundings, he had obtained an answer far opposite from his expectations.
'I'm the only one in this place, huh.' The young man sighed, opening up the party chat to ask the others whether or not they had appeared in the same place. Sadly, their responses only confirmed the fact that he was not alone in his current fate, with the others being separated into their own spaces as well.
Taking a look at the place he had been teleported into, Valyr thought that Loreina's succinct description of the place barely gave it enough justice.
Though the tailor was correct in saying that the place was incredibly barren, it would be better to say that the current landscape before him was barren to the point that it was eerie. Neither pebbles nor specks of dust could be seen across the ground, even though it had the texture and appearance of solid earth.
Even putting in a bit of his strength into his kicks did not cause a cloud of dust to rise up, prompting the young man to feel that the current place was similar to the technologically advanced training grounds he had come across in the past. The only difference between those and the place he was currently in was the fact that the landscape and the skies extended far beyond his vision.
Ding!
Hearing a notification sound resound in his mind just as he had gotten a better idea of the place he was currently in, the young man went ahead and brought up a screen before him as he thought back to Loreina's string of messages once more. 'According to Loreina, after appearing in this place, we'd have to undergo through a trial in order to gain access to the Gates of Enlightenment's rewards.'
'And I'm assuming the number of trials one has to go through to obtain the rewards varies from person to person? After all, she did mention in one of her messages that she'd have to survive all of the trials that would be thrown her way.' Reading through the description written on the screen before him, Valyr raised his eyebrows in curiosity.
[Gates of Enlightenment' Trial (2)] (Linked Quest) (Time-limited Quest)
Difficulty: B
The Gates of Enlightenment... description has been omitted.
Of course, one must prove one's capability to enter the gates in the first place.
||Addendum: By killing the remnants of a forsaken age, you have undoubtedly proved that your capabilities are more than enough to be considered worthy of entering the Gates of Enlightenment. However, strength alone would not take you very far on your journey to greater power. One must also possess an unyielding spirit that seeks to achieve the nigh impossible.
Only those with the necessary strength and willpower to push forward are eligible to obtain the truths the Gates of Enlightenment contain. And now, you have been given a chance to prove just that.||
Quest Objectives:
> Survive the tribulation chosen by the Gates of Enlightenment (0/1)
Quest Rewards:
> Full eligibility to the Gates of Enlightenment
> Access to the first level of the Gates of Enlightenment's Blacksmith Knowledge Repository
> Access to Gates of Enlightenment' Trial (3)
Quest Penalties:
> Level - 1
> Teleportation to the inheritance's entrance
[Note: This quest can only be obtained and completed within the Four Pillars' Inheritance. Leaving the inheritance is considered as forfeiting the quest.]
'Is this the information the Imperial Production Guild wants us to obtain?' Looking at the list of rewards he would get from completing the quest, Valyr briefly thought back to the conversations he had with the Ancestral Council, as well as with Julian regarding the goals they had in exploring the inheritance.
'I'm not sure whether a place like the Blacksmith Knowledge Repository would have access to the high-level technology they want us to get, but I'll still do it anyway.' Briefly shrugging his shoulders as he kept the negligible penalties of the quest in mind, the young man closed the screen he brought up, replacing it with the party chat not long after. 'After all, the technology here is the reason why I accepted in the first place.'
After reading through the description of the second quest in greater detail, it was no surprise that the young man had asked others about the quests they've received, wanting to find whether he was the only one among them to have been given a single trial to complete.
Thankfully, it did not take long for him to obtain a response from the others, with Hal telling him that he only needed to complete a single trial as well. As for Vera and Faulus, the two of them had been given three trials to complete according to their quests, which unsurprisingly prompted the latter among the two to curse to no end with how unfair it was.
Though Valyr let out a faint chuckle in response to Faulus' reaction, he eventually sent a message that weighed in on the minds of the other four. "Ever since we forgone sleep to farm the remaining Key Fragments to enter this place, we haven't gotten another message from Loreina whatsoever. Do you think she was able to complete all of the trials she was given?"
For a while, silence enveloped the entire party chat, with the four hoping that Loreina would reply to the question. However, before Valyr could even see the new message that had popped up in the chat screen, a familiar voice began to resound through the barren space he was in.
'The level of strength you wield in combat is enough to instill fear to most, if not all of your foes. The same could be said about your spirit, unyielding, never fearing any of the challenges that come your way.'
'Sadly, even talent beyond the greatest of geniuses are subjected to the rules of the Gates of Enlightenment.'
'Nevertheless, as you've already shown that you have what it takes to make the most out of the Gates of Enlightenment's knowledge, you shall only need to face the wrath of a single tribulation.'
'However, do not expect that such a tribulation would only be a trifling matter, for it shall assess whether you have created a solid foundation that would take you to the end, or a foundation that would crumble amidst adversity.'
'With that, your tribulation begins.'
'Welcome the Trial of Myriad Aberrations.'
Chapter 600: Four Pillars: Myriad Aberrations

Hearing the name of the trial that he would have to go through, multiple possibilities appeared within the young man's mind as there were many ways to interpret the last two words. "Myriad Aberrations… since a myriad is equivalent to 10,000, would I need to fight against 10,000 aberrations at once?"
"Perhaps I would need to survive through a myriad number of waves made out of aberrations." Saying these words, Valyr's body faintly shuddered in fear. If that was the Gates of Enlightenment's interpretation of those two words, then it was more or less a given that he would fail the trial. Even though he was confident he could fight for hours on end, his stamina could only go so far.
"Or perhaps I would just need to kill 10,000 aberrations in total." Allowing more and more possible ideas on how the trial worked to surface in his mind, the young man began to think from a more optimistic standpoint. Fortunately, it did not take long for his multiple hypotheses to be verified as the voice resounded throughout the barren space once more.
'The Trial of Myriad Aberrations is considered one of the more difficult tribulations a preliminary candidate has to face before becoming truly eligible to enter the Gates of Enlightenment.'
'During this tribulation, the candidate has to fight against multiple aberrations at once, the quantity and quality of which would gradually increase the more aberrations the candidate has killed.'
'Once the preliminary candidate successfully survives against the ever-increasing strength and number of the aberrations, only then would they be deemed worthy to enter the Gates of Enlightenment and gain the truths it holds.'
'You have been given five minutes to prepare.' Hearing these words come from the disembodied voice, the young man went silent for a bit as he internalized the information he had received. .
"So, if I'm getting this right, then the Trial of Myriad Aberrations is a battle of attrition," muttered the young man to himself as he sat down on the ground. Closing his eyes for a bit, he began to compose himself, adjusting his physical and mental state to peak condition for what was to come. "However, unlike the battles of attrition I've hypothesized, it's more similar to the thoughts I had at the end rather than those at the beginning."
Letting out a faint sigh, he stood up and looked at the horizon before him with an expression of intense determination, firmly gripping onto the magic scepter in the process. After finding out during their second foray against the aberrations that the curse could not affect the scepter in any way, a bit of confidence welled up within the young man, feeling that there was a considerable chance for him to complete the trial and move onward.
"Then again, I have no clue whether or not there's a limit to how much the aberrations would grow in strength during this trial." With this thought in mind, Valyr gripped onto the scepter even tighter as the disembodied voice resounded throughout the area one last time.
'The tribulation begins in 3… 2… 1…'
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
At the very instant the disembodied voice was finished counting down, 10 pillars of golden light appeared around a hundred meters away from Valyr. Gazing at the beings that had appeared within those light pillars, the young man took in a deep breath and used [Greater Analysis] on one of them, sensing that their auras were considerably stronger than the ones found in the plains.
Ding!
[Aberration (Legendary Elite)] (Level 66)
Class: Aberration (Uncommon)
HP: 18,368/18,368
MP: 12,320/12,320
Stats: 574 VIT, 671 STR, 601 AGI, 565 DEX, 385 INT, 340 WIS, 302 PER, 176 LUK
Skills: [Intermediate Regeneration], [Intermediate Physical Damage Resistance], [Basic Physical Damage Nullification], [Basic Magical Damage Resistance],...
Remarks: Remain vigilant for they shall grow ever stronger with the passage of time.
'Two levels higher than the ones outside.' Getting a better idea of what kind of enemy he was up against, Valyr faintly nodded as he activated [Offense Aura+] and pushed [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] to the limit. In the meantime, the aberrations looked around their surroundings for a fair bit, their actions showing that they had been transported to the barren space out of nowhere.
However, as if they had been given an order from someplace else, the ten aberrations all looked in the direction where Valyr stood at the same time, only for them to go berserk as they madly charged at the young man.
"[Crimson Blade Torrent]!" Unfortunately, before the aberrations could even cross half the distance separating them from the young man, [Hunter's Tracking Eyes] had already revealed all of the weak spots Valyr needed to aim, deciding to go for a blanket approach as he sent out a barrage of blazing crimson blades at the aberrations.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
"Grwwaaaggh!!!" With the momentum and force behind the crimson blades, as well as the fact that Valyr had intently manipulated a great portion of them to head towards the weak spots he had identified, the ten aberrations swiftly fell to the ground like trees felled by an axe.
'That makes it ten kills.' Noticing that the vitality within the ten aberrations began to gradually slip away, the young man quickly had a feeling that 10 pillars of light would appear after some time, with the aberrations making up the group being slightly stronger than the group that came before it.
Well, he was partly right.
"Graaaagggghhh…" Instead of golden light pillars appearing in another part of the large barren space he was in, the ten aberration corpses instead glowed a faint gold as vitality gradually returned to their bodies. Eventually, the vitality that contained within their bodies reached a level that was akin to what Valyr felt from their bodies before…
Only for it to go beyond that by a slight margin.
"Grwaagghhh!!!" With the distance between them being halved and their strengths slightly empowered, Valyr was forced to retreat for a bit as he identified the aberrations once more with [Greater Analysis]. Taking a quick look to see what had changed about the aberrations, the young man eventually stopped in his tracks and shot out a barrage of crimson blades once more, rendering the 10 dead yet again.
"They leveled up." With a solemn expression on his face, Valyr looked at the ten corpses as he noted that his kills had now reached 20. Now somewhat understanding the mechanic that the trial operated on, the young man distanced himself from the corpses, only for them to revive slightly stronger.
With each revival, the group of aberrations grew by one level. In fact, it did not take long for the aberrations to reach the peak of Rank 4 at Level 75, only needing the young man to kill the group of aberrations nine times in a row. Though, after he had killed the group of aberrations the tenth time, bringing up his kill count to 100, something different happened.
Whoosh!
Out of nowhere, the aberrations had doubled in count, all of them gradually getting off the ground as they radiated the might of a being at the peak of Rank 4. However, after sensing that their strengths had undergone a significant increase when compared to before, the young man quickly activated [Greater Analysis] on one of the aberrations once more to find out what was going on.
It was there that he found out that the aberrations weren't Legendary Elite tier monsters anymore.
They were Mythic Elite tier.
