Chapter 301: The Level Beyond Shadows

"Shadow Serpentine Lancer…" As he repeated the name of the subclass Noel had mentioned, Valyr inwardly let out a low sigh in his mind, a hint of disappointment briefly showing on his face.
Though such an outcome was already within his expectations, considering that there were rare subclasses like the one he wanted that could also be obtained first by NPCs, hearing the subclass he least wanted from the man that was going to give him the subclass he truly wanted still left a bitter taste in his mouth.
'At the very least, it's still better than just getting Serpentine Lancer again.' Nevertheless, although he was disappointed by the fact that Noel only offered him to become a Shadow Serpentine Lancer, obtaining it was his bottom line. 'Aside from the fact that it's considered a Rare grade subclass, it also gives me access to the Shadow Energy Noel mentioned earlier. That alone makes this worth the while.'
However, just as he had internally accepted the fact that his subclass would be that of a Shadow Serpentine Lancer for the foreseeable future, a spark of hope was soon ignited by Noel's next few words, prompting Valyr to think that not all hope was lost yet.
"Of course, being a Shadow Serpentine Lancer is only the start for you," said Noel to him. "With the ability you've shown me earlier, I am certain that you'd be able to go beyond the limits of a simple Shadow Serpentine Lancer, reaching the level I've attained without much of a problem."
"Perhaps surpassing me isn't out of the realm of possibility either." Finishing his statement with these words, Noel looked at Valyr, whose eagerness to accept the subclass he was offering him had increased by at least tenfold just from the words he had uttered. Taking note of this eagerness, he nudged Arves, who was still in a daze, on the shoulder, causing the latter to return to reality as he asked the old man if he could help out in anything.
Though, instead of obtaining an order from Noel that he could not refuse, Arves instead received something that resembled more of a request from the man, with the former pointing at Valyr as he told him, "I'll be taking care of Ylvar here from now onwards, alright? Of course, you're always free to say no."
Taking into consideration that he was talking to one of the most important personages within the Spearman Guild, Arves knew that it would be incredibly stupid of him to reject as a slight frown appeared on his face. "I have no problems with that, however…"
"However?" Noel raised his eyebrow in curiosity, wondering what was stopping Arves from giving Valyr to him.
"What should I say if one of the attendants asks me about the progress regarding his request?" As this question came out of Arves' mouth, he pointed towards Valyr, which made Noel stand in place for a while, rubbing his chin as he pondered over the question in silence.
"I hadn't really taken that into consideration," muttered Noel to himself before eventually coming up with an answer. Looking at Arves, he then told him, "Alright. If they ask you where Ylvar is and how much progress you two have achieved in his request, just tell them that I decided to take over the man's request. You don't have to worry about anything else after that."
"A-alright." Left with no choice but to agree to Noel's request, Arves could only nod in response as Noel left the room with Valyr in tow, a wide grin adorning his face as the two of them eventually left Arves in his own devices.
Surprisingly, it was only a couple minutes after Noel and Valyr had left the room did the situation finally sink into Arves' mind, causing him to take a deep breath as he wondered if what he had seen and heard earlier was real or not. After all, the First Elder, who was known for being stubborn and didn't take no for an answer, had gone out of his way to accommodate a person that, from his perspective, had a flashy spear skill involving shadows.
"Then again, he did say that if we were to come across someone with a spear skill that involved shadows, we were to contact him as soon as possible," Arves soon muttered to himself as he went over the entire situation, wondering what Ylvar had that made Noel undergo a drastic shift in personality.
Going through the various topics both Noel and Valyr had discussed earlier within his presence, Arves eventually stopped his train of thought on the name of the subclass both Noel and Valyr focused on. "Shadow Serpentine Lancer… Shadow Serpentine Lancer…"
"Why do I feel like I've heard that before?" As this question surfaced in Arves' mind, a thought soon appeared within his mind not long after, causing his eyes to widen in realization as he let out a loud gasp. "Wait a minute… isn't Shadow Serpentine Lancer Elder Noel's old subclass?"
"Then does that mean…" With everything finally clicking in place in his mind, Arves took in a deep breath before letting out a bitter chuckle, which was soon followed up with a sigh. Sometime later, he decided to head out of the room, but not before muttering a few words to himself before leaving.
"I should really stop myself from meddling in matters like these."
…
"Where are we heading?" As Valyr followed Noel in front of him while they made their way through the various corridors of the guild, a question eventually escaped the former's mouth, prompting the latter to answer as they continued to move.
"Training ground." Coincidentally, just as these words had come out of Noel's mouth, the man decided to stop all of a sudden, causing Valyr to stop in his tracks as well. Just as he was about to ask Noel what the two of them were waiting for, a man wearing a uniform had appeared in front of them, the emblem of the Spearman Guild emblazoned on the right side of the man's shirt.
"Which training grounds don't have people in them at the moment?" asked Noel, to which the man went silent for a bit before opening his mouth.
"The second and fifth training ground, First Elder."
"Alright." Noel nodded before deciding to continue walking, with Valyr following behind him. "Tell the others that I'll be occupying the second training ground for now. Make sure that no one heads there without my permission."
"Understood, First Elder." Nodding back in response, the man politely bowed towards Noel before eventually disappearing from Valyr's field of vision, prompting him to ask Noel yet another question.
"Why are we heading to a training ground?"
"Good question." Noel faintly smiled. "Hmm… let me put it this way."
"The reason we're heading to a training ground is so that I can show you…"
"The level beyond shadows."
Chapter 302: Dark Night, Endless Night

"Here we are." After Noel told Valyr that he was going show the latter the level that existed beyond shadows, he remained silent all throughout the remainder of their journey to the training ground, even though Valyr was immensely curious as to what Noel meant by he said earlier.
Nevertheless, Valyr was eventually left with no choice but to suppress his curiosity for the meantime as the two eventually arrived at the place Noel had reserved earlier, a training ground which spanned an area that even his decently high PER stat could barely see the ends of.
Taking in a breath of the fresh air within the training ground he had reserved for the occasion, Noel picked up a spear from the rack of weapons located near the training ground's entrance before making his way deeper into the area. In response, Valyr stood in place for a while, wondering for a bit as to what Noel was planning to do, only for him to be told by the latter to follow him as the two of them made their way to the center.
"Is there a specific reason why we're at the center of the training ground?" Now at the center, Valyr looked at the old man beside him before asking the question that popped into his mind during the trek to where they currently were.
"But of course." Looking back at Valyr while letting out a faint sigh, Noel briefly gazed at the young man in front of him before nodding. "Every action I make has a reason behind it, after all."
"In any case, the reason why we're here is I want you to show me all of the moves you've unlocked in [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] so far," said Noel not long after. "Of course, I haven't forgotten you telling me earlier that you also have [Shadow Serpent Movement Style], but we'll focus on the combat aspect for now."
"Anyways, don't hold back." After saying these words to Valyr, Noel took a few steps backward before slightly bending his knees. Then, before Valyr could wonder to himself what Noel was doing, the latter had exerted the entirety of his strength through his legs, distancing himself from the young man to the point Valyr could only barely make out the old man's silhouette from the distance.
However, aside from being left in a dazed state from the sudden move Noel had pulled off, what astonished Valyr more was the fact that the old man still had that much strength within him, prompting him to return to one of his earlier thoughts that he would undoubtedly lose if he fought against him. 'On second thought, I won't just lose if I fight against him...'
'I'd probably die if I did.'
'Thank the heavens he doesn't have a bad impression of me... yet." Muttering a few mocking words to himself as he let out a soft chuckle, Valyr took out his spear from his back before taking in a few deep breaths to compose himself.
Then, focusing a great amount of his attention towards the movements he was about to execute, Valyr went ahead and proceeded to begin showing the skills he had unlocked through [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] by going through the basic spear movements, generating momentum through them in order for the skills of focus to have greater force in them.
"I'm surprised my eyes still haven't failed me." While Valyr was in the midst of going through the basic spear movements, Noel watched everything unfold from afar as he let out a bit of laughter, using the spear he had grabbed earlier as a cane of sorts. "With such a foundation like that, if he wasn't limited by his current rank, his proficiency with the spear would be gauged at Elite level at the very least, perhaps even Expert level."
"Now... I wonder how his proficiency with [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] stacks up to his foundation." With the thought in mind, Noel continued to watch Valyr go through the movements, a faint smile eventually creeping up onto his lips as he felt a familiar sensation emanate from Valyr.
"[Offense Aura]." Feeling like he had generated enough momentum, Valyr went ahead and activated what he considered to be one of his bread and butter skills in offense, deciding to leave his strongest buffing skill for the last technique. With the skill now activated, he then spun around in place, conserving all of the momentum he had generated before transferring all of it towards his spear, swinging it in a forwards arc not long after.
"[Shadow Serpent Style]."
"[Descending Shadow Maw]."
Bang!
Now used to the sensation of connecting with the source of energy he now knew as Shadow Energy, Valyr's spear unsurprisingly hit the ground with great force, leaving a small yet deep crater on the tough training ground. Admiring the aftermath of his attack for a brief moment, Valyr capitalized on the momentum he had generated from the attack, moving his spear in a manner that reduced the loss of momentum to its momentum before proceeding to thrust his spear out with all of the strength in his body.
"[Shadow Serpent Style]."
"[Strike of the Venomous Night]."
Bang!
Rumble...
In less than an instant, a dark wave of energy swiftly radiated from Valyr's spear tip, causing the ground to quake as all of the energy from the attack was left with no choice but to transmit most of its energy towards it. Of course, now that he had used the skill twice, Valyr was certain that if this attack landed on his opponent, he was certain that the latter would receive a grievous injury at the very least, if not death.
"Haah..." With his spear still extended outward, Valyr took in a deep breath before bending his knees to get into a stabler stance, activating [Limit Break] in the meantime in preparation for what was the final technique he had unlocked in [Shadow Serpent Combat Style].
What was previously known as [Tyrannous Bite], which was an attack that made everything within a certain radius from the spear tip disappear from sight, Valyr activated the final skill as he tightly gripped onto his spear before swinging it upward with as much as speed as possible.
"[Shadow Serpent Style]."
"[Tide of the Dark Night]."
Whoosh!
At the very instant Valyr started to swing his spear upwards, dark energy started to pile up in front of Valyr before being sent out as a large wave, prompting Valyr to think that the attack looked quite similar to a tsunami, with its pitch-black color being the only thing stopping him from thinking it was an actual tsunami.
"Scary..." Watching the wave of dark energy move through the training ground at great speeds, Valyr was left at a loss for words as he noticed that the ground the wave of energy had made contact with was significantly darker than the ground surrounding it, causing him to slightly shudder as he watched the tsunami eventually disappear around 10 seconds later.
With Valyr now done showing Noel all of the skills he had unlocked from [Shadow Serpent Combat Style], he then looked in the old man's direction, wondering if what he was going to do next had something to do with the level beyond shadows.
"I must say... you have superb control over your skills." Around a minute after Valyr had unleashed [Tide of the Dark Night], Noel's voice reverberated throughout the training ground with great clarity, prompting Valyr to think that the old man had infused his voice with mana. "Now, how about I show you one of those skills..."
"But under the hands of someone greater than a Shadow Serpentine Lancer?"
Whoosh!
"[Abyssal Serpent Style]."
"[Tide of the Endless Night]."
Chapter 303: The Shadow, The Void, And The Abyss

Whoosh!
Although Noel had swung his spear upwards in a similar fashion to Valyr, perhaps even a bit sloppier than the latter, the wave of dark energy that had been generated by the movement was at least five times as large than the one Valyr had generated with his skill.
Aside from that, as the wave continued to move, it continued to grow larger, at some point covering at least a third of Valyr's field of vision. With that, it was no surprise that Valyr felt a great amount of dread once he realized that the large wave Noel had sent out was heading in his direction, the wave emanating the feeling that it devoured everything that came across its path and assimilated it with the darkness.
Fortunately, just as the large wave was only around 50 meters away from where Valyr stood, the wave of dark energy quickly dissipated into thin air, prompting him to wonder if the hundred meter tall waves of dark energy had almost come close to enveloping him in the first place.
Aside from that, just like how the wave he had generated through [Tide of the Dark Night] had left a trail of darkened ground wherever the wave went, the wave Noel sent out had darkened the ground that it traversed as well. However, unlike the darkened ground Valyr obtained from his wave, the resulting ground from Noel's skill was pitch-black, making it seem that the ground that separated him from Noel was instead a vast expanse of pure nothingness.
Nevertheless, after seeing Noel unleash more or less the same skill he had in action, the level of eagerness Valyr had towards obtaining the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass had gone way past its peak. At the same time, his curiosity towards the level that existed beyond Shadow Serpentine Lancer had reached its peak as well, with the only clue he could go off on was the name of the combat style Noel had used before unleashing the same skill.
"[Abyssal Serpent Style]…" Valyr muttered to himself, pondering over what rarity such a subclass would be at to give such a skill that sounded overbearing. "Surely such a subclass wouldn't just be Epic grade, right?"
"So, what do you think?" However, before he could obtain some sort of conclusion to his query, Noel had appeared before him, asking him a question with a proud smirk on his face. Though a slight frown briefly appeared on Valyr's face since he was interrupted, this frown quickly disappeared as he recalled the sight Noel had shown him earlier.
Of course, the first thought that came to his mind was that the power Noel had unleashed was incredibly overbearing, feeling as if the wave of dark energy he had seen earlier was the harbinger of death. With that, the way Valyr looked at Noel had changed slightly, thinking of the old man before him as the definition of a one-man army.
However, as he continued thinking about how destructive and powerful the skill Noel had unleashed earlier was, a question eventually popped up in Valyr's mind, causing him to look at the man in front of him before asking, "How could you unleash so much power even though you're so old?"
"Hey!" Unsurprisingly, Noel smacked Valyr at the back of his head, making the latter feel as if he would go unconscious at any moment from the strength behind it. Thankfully, that feeling quickly disappeared, forcing Valyr to instead endure the pain from the smack as Noel looked at him with a slight frown.
"How rude," Noel said at the very moment Valyr looked back at him. "I might look old, but I'm only 82 years old, you know?"
'Isn't that already old, though?' thought Valyr to himself, wondering if it was wrong for him to call the man old in the first place. Fortunately, Noel's next words gave him the answer to that question.
"Sure, being 82 might sound old to you, but I still have over 300 years left, you know?" said Noel not long after. "If anything, I'm still at the prime of my life."
"Is that so…" At first, Valyr found it odd for Noel to mention that he still had over 300 years left to live on the planet, only to recall the conversation he had back then with Riekan, recalling that the man had already lived for over 300 years. With that, he made a mental note to head to the city's library sometime in the future to find out how one could extend their lifespan.
After all, even he wanted to live longer.
"Anyways, we've gotten off track. What do you think of the skill I unleashed earlier?" After a bit of silence between the two, Noel asked the question once more, clarifying what he meant this time. In response, Valyr told him that he had never seen such a destructive skill before, making the man before let out a brief cackle in agreement.
"You're definitely right in that regard." Noel looked at Valyr with a smile. "In fact, the current subclass I have is considered one of the top subclasses in terms of how destructive the skills are."
"Of course, the strength one gains from it is nothing to scoff at either," he continued, the smile on his face turning into a smirk. "In fact, if you became a Shadow Serpentine Lancer at this moment, that last skill you unleashed earlier would instantly become at least twice as powerful."
"Then again, as I've said earlier, becoming a Shadow Serpentine Lancer is only the beginning for you. If you obtain the subclasses beyond Shadow Serpentine Lancer, then even a tenfold increase in your combat power wouldn't be far-fetched." At this point, Valyr was slightly annoyed that Noel still did not mention what the levels above Shadow Serpentine Lancer were. With that, he went ahead and voiced out his slight annoyance as he asked Noel what the levels beyond Shadow Serpentine Lancer were.
"I was just about to get to them, actually," replied Noel in response with a chuckle, which only made Valyr more annoyed than before. Nevertheless, the latter suppressed the annoyance he felt once the man before him started explaining.
"The Shadow, the Void, and the Abyss. These three things correspond to many things in the path you would take as a future Shadow Serpentine Lancer, but mainly, they refer to the type of energy you wield at that subclass."
"The Shadow refers to Shadow Energy, which is the main type of energy used by those with the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass," said Noel with a calm expression.
"A tier above would be the Void, which refers to Void Energy. Of course, this type of energy is used by the Void Serpentine Lancer subclass, the level above the Shadow Serpentine Lancer." After saying these words, a light grin appeared on Noel's face. "Of course, there's one more level above that."
"And that level corresponds to the Abyss. Abyssal Energy is what an Abyssal Serpentine Lancer would make use of in combat."
"And that's the level that I'm currently at."
Chapter 304: Taking A Risk

"The Shadow, the Void, and the Abyss…" Valyr repeated the phrase Noel had uttered at the beginning of his explanation before going over the various subclasses that the man before him had mentioned. Pondering over everything he had just learned from Noel in silence, a question eventually formed in his mind as he looked at Noel, wanting to make sure that his understanding of the three subclasses were correct.
"Correct me if I'm wrong, but is the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass considered a Rare grade subclass?" Valyr asked Noel sometime later, to which the latter nodded in response.
"That would be correct, yes."
"And does that mean that Void Serpentine Lancer is an Epic grade subclass, while Abyssal Serpentine Lancer is a Legendary grade subclass?" asked Valyr not long after, prompting Noel to nod once more.
"Yes and yes."
'That's odd.' After nodding back in response to Noel's answers, Valyr went silent once more as he pondered over everything again. 'If I remember correctly, the first player who did this had obtained a Mythic grade Spearman subclass. However, Noel is only giving me the possibility of a Legendary grade subclass. Hmm…'
'Did I mess something up along the way?' With this thought in mind, Valyr rummaged through his memories from his past life, recalling the name of the subclass of the player that had done what he was currently doing first. Though the last two words of the subclass were similar to the subclass he would obtain from Noel, the first word that was attached to the subclass was vastly different from Abyssal.
'Don't tell me I'm only limited to obtaining Legendary grade subclasses at the moment?' As this thought popped up in his mind, Valyr thought that it made a bit of sense. After all, if a lot of NPCs had Mythic grade subclasses and above, then the number of Mythic grade subclasses available to players would become less, considering that both had an equal chance at obtaining one.
However, the reason why he had gone through all of this in the first place was in order to obtain the Mythic grade subclass he had come to know from his past life.
In the end, Valyr thought that there was no point mulling over it any further, thinking that a Legendary grade subclass was still leagues better than any other subclass a player could possibly obtain at the beginning.
Though, just as he had accepted that he would only be obtaining a Legendary grade subclass at most, he decided to ask Noel about the subclass he had come to know in his previous life.
"I'm asking this question just to satisfy my curiosity, but is there a tier above the Abyssal Serpentine Lancer?" As this question escaped Valyr's mouth, Noel's eyes briefly widened in slight surprise, only for him to raise his eyebrow in suspicion not long after.
Eventually, the expression on the man's face returned to normal as he thought about the various ways Valyr could have possibly come across such fact, coming to the conclusion that none of them were currently feasible for the young man. With that, Noel briefly nodded at Valyr before saying, "There is."
"Would it be possible for me to know what that subclass is called?" asked Valyr in response, feeling as if not all hope at obtaining the Mythic grade subclass was lost.
"Unfortunately, that's something I'm not even close to fully understanding yet." Noel let out a faint sigh as he shook his head. "At most, I can tell you the energy that the subclass could possibly wield."
"And that would be…?"
"Chaos." Hearing this word come out of Noel's mouth, the slight disappointment Valyr felt had instantly disappeared without a trace, his body instead filled to the brim with hope.
'That's the first word on the Mythic grade subclass I came across back then!' With his mind coming to the conclusion that the reason why he could not obtain a Mythic grade subclass from Noel was because the latter had not reached that level yet, Valyr inwardly let out a long sigh of relief as he looked back at Noel.
"Coincidentally, that's one of the reasons why I offered the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass to you in the first place." Noel let out a slightly awkward chuckle. "At the very instant you showed me your skills earlier, a certain thought popped up into my mind."
"This child would reach a level of power I could only hope to reach."
"That's the thought that came to mind." At these words, Noel's expression turned solemn. "So, I acted upon it."
Whoosh!
As the surroundings around the two became silent once more, Noel brought up a screen in front of him before interacting with it for quite some time. Not long after, a notification sound resounded in Valyr's mind, prompting him to look at it before looking back at Noel.
Ding!
[Noel Voragine (Lvl. ???) has decided to bestow you a subclass. Would you like to accept?]
"Why are you going out of your way to give me such a powerful subclass?" Though Valyr wanted to accept the prompt at the very instant it appeared, he decided to suppress these urges once more as he asked Noel something he should have asked him in the first place. "I'm not even a part of the Spearman Guild."
"It doesn't have anything to do whether or whether not you're a part of the guild." Noel shook his head. "At first, it was because of the thought that came to mind when I met you. But now, I'm certain that it's also due to the potential you hold."
"The potential that made me think you could touch upon Chaos."
"You know, I've been trying to find the right person to give the subclass to, and I've given it to quite a few people in the past," Noel said to him. "Almost everyone of them were stuck as a Shadow Serpentine Lancer, with only a few of them breaking through and becoming a Void Serpentine Lancer."
"Of course, I wouldn't be surprised if this thought of mine actually turned out to be wrong, but hey." Noel softly smiled. "What's life without taking a few risks?"
"A few risks, huh?" Valyr muttered in response. Then, with a slight grin, he accepted the prompt from the system. "Well, let me tell you now…"
"That this risk is one you won't ever regret."
Ding!
…
…
…
…
…
[You have obtained the subclass 'Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer (Uncommon)'.]
Chapter 305: Benefits And Issues Of A Subclass

"A risk I won't ever regret, huh?" Listening to the words that came out of Valyr's mouth, Noel let out a hearty chuckle, feeling that the young man's personality seemed to meld well with his own. However, just as he was about to say something to the man, Valyr's expression, which was that of an eager smile earlier, was now replaced with a deep frown.
'What the…' Reading through the first notification he had received after accepting the prompt, a frown instantly appeared on Valyr's face, focusing most of his attention on the first word that preceded the subclass he was expecting to get in the first place. 'Wasn't I supposed to get Shadow Serpentine Lancer?'
'What's with the Neophyte at the beginning of it all?'
While the frown on his face deepened, Valyr decided to continue reading through the other notifications that came after the first, his eyebrows raised in slight surprise as he was greeted by a notification that he both did and did not expect.
Ding!
[Due to the user obtaining their subclass at the peak of Rank 1, the effects of the subclass shall be applied retroactively.]
[You have gained 15 VIT, 15 STR, 30 AGI, and 45 DEX.]
Whoosh!
Coincidentally, just as his eyes had focused on these two notifications, a great wave of energy started to course throughout his body, imbuing within him the feeling that he had gained a lot of strength within an instant. Though the feeling subsided after quite some time, the feeling was enough for Valyr to forget about the small difference in the subclass he had obtained for a while.
'I don't know if the stats I should get from obtaining the subclass should be higher or not, but at the very least, the other perks from the subclass I was expecting to get are still there.' A few seconds later, the frown on his face returned, the thought of the subclass he obtained not being the one he expected to get still lingering in his mind. Inwardly letting out a low sigh, he suppressed the feeling of rage welling up within him as he had a hunch that Noel might have a good reason for giving him his current subclass.
And with that, he took a look at the remaining notifications he had yet to read, the ones he was expecting to get in the first place.
[Due to the nature of your subclass, your Attack stat now scales off of your DEX stat instead of your STR stat.]
[Due to the nature of your subclass, you have gained the passive skill 'Shadow Energy Empowerment'.]
'With how higher my DEX is compared to my STR, my combat power has basically increased by more than half all because my Attack stat is now based off DEX.' Bringing up his status screen for a bit, Valyr was briefly left at a loss for words at how substantial of an improvement obtaining the subclass was, taking quite some time to calm himself down after. 'As for the passive skill I obtained…'
Ding!
[Shadow Energy Empowerment] (Lv. MAX)
Rarity: Uncommon
You have gained access to a type of energy that is unique only to Shadow Serpents, a type of energy that remains elusive to those that are not aware of it, but instills dread and fear to those who do. Through this energy, your skills grow more ferocious, allowing you to slay your foes with greater ease.
This skill increases the efficacy of techniques under [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] and [Shadow Serpent Movement Style] by 20%.
'Definitely something I'm greatly satisfied with.' After going through all of the notifications that had appeared after accepting the prompt, Valyr went ahead and focused his attention back on Noel, who seemed to be staring at him for quite some time with a pensive expression.
"Is there a problem? You've been frowning for quite some time." Noticing that Valyr had focused his attention on him, Noel took the opportunity to ask the question that had been lingering within his mind ever since he noticed the frown on the young man's face.
"Not really a problem, but more of a question," said Valyr in response, the frown on his disappearing as his expression turned solemn. "You've been telling me all this time that I would get the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass. But when I accepted it, the subclass I got instead was the Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer."
"Ahh…" After listening to Valyr's words, Noel eventually nodded in understanding. "So that's what's been troubling you since earlier."
"Well, I'd suggest you take a look at the description of the subclass first before I continue with what I have to say." Hearing these words come from Noel, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to do so, a screen appearing in front of him not long after.
Ding!
[Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer] (Subclass)
Rarity: Uncommon
Many spearmen throughout the ages have tried to forge their own path by taking inspiration from nature, with some ending up more successful than others. However, there are those who forge their own path of spearmanship by taking from nature itself, allowing their way of the spear to stand head and shoulders above their peers.
A Shadow Serpentine Lancer is one such path that takes from nature itself, taking the energy of an elusive beast, the Shadow Serpent, and making it into one's own. Such a lancer gains the ability to land deadly yet elusive attacks under the covers of the shadows, turning them into a foe that would be everyone's worst enemy in the battlefield.
However, unlike Shadow Serpentine Lancers, Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancers have gained the energy of the Shadow Serpent through impure means, causing the quantity and quality of the energy they command to be subpar when compared to true Shadow Serpentine Lancers.
Nevertheless, even a being like them would be considered a deadly foe everyone must kill, sometimes ending up becoming far scarier than actual Shadow Serpentine Lancers.
For each level gained in this subclass, the user gains +1 VIT, +1 STR, +2 AGI, and +3 DEX.
"Are you telling me the reason why you gave me the subclass is because of the Shadow Energy I have command over?" Once he was done reading through the subclass' description, it did not take long for Valyr to gain an idea of what Noel wanted him to obtain from reading it.
"Though I do admire the fact that you have gained access to Shadow Energy even before obtaining the subclass, the energy I have control over allows me to gain an idea on how you gained your source," Noel said in response. "Would I be wrong in saying that you gained Shadow Energy by absorbing an orb of Shadow Serpent Essence?"
"…" At those words, Valyr remained silent, surprised that Noel had come to that conclusion without even asking him questions about it. Nevertheless, he responded back with a faint nod, causing Noel to nod back as he opened his mouth not long after.
"The fact that you not only have a small amount of Shadow Energy within you, but an impure version of Shadow Energy at that, made me decide that although giving you the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass was an option, it was an option that would only hinder you than benefit you with your current Shadow Energy."
"How would it hinder me?" Valyr had a curious expression on his face.
"Let me put it this way, Ylvar." Noel looked at him with a calm expression. "If I were to give you the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass right now instead of the one you currently have, even ascending to the next rank, becoming a Void Serpentine Lancer, would be next to impossible for you."
"However, if you're fine with wasting away such potential, then I don't mind giving you the subclass. Perhaps you might subvert my expectations." Saying these words, Valyr went silent for a bit. Gone was the eagerness he had in obtaining the subclass before. Instead, what replaced it was a man that weighed the gains and losses of each decision, especially after being told that it would limit him in the long run.
"Is there a way for my Shadow Energy to improve, then?" Of course, after listening to Noel talk all this time, Valyr knew that everything revolved around his impure Shadow Energy. With that, he went ahead and asked the question that seemed to be something Noel was waiting to hear all this time, evident by the old man's pleased smile after Valyr was done asking.
"I'm glad you asked." Noel nodded. "Considering how you awakened your Shadow Energy, there are three ways to improve the quality and quantity of your own Shadow Energy. However, if it wasn't for that, then there would only be two."
"Since you've absorbed Shadow Energy from an orb of Shadow Serpent Essence, then the first way would be to absorb even more orbs of Shadow Serpent Essence. Of course, there is a likely chance that these energies would clash with one another, so you would have purify the energy from the orb you absorb first before melding it into the energy you already have."
"As for the second way, it's similar to the first one I just mentioned, with the only difference being that you would have to attune yourself to your own Shadow Energy and gradually absorb the faint traces of Shadow Energy in your surroundings, refining and improving your own Shadow Energy bit by bit. Among the two, this would assure you that you'd become a Shadow Serpentine Lancer, but it would take quite some time before reaching that point."
At Noel's last few words, Valyr had a slight frown on his face. If the threat of the final battle wasn't reminding him from the back of his head time and time again, he would have opted to go with the safest route since there wouldn't be a reason for him to become a Shadow Serpentine Lancer so quickly.
Sadly, there was.
'Since the first method's too costly, and the second method's too slow, I guess I'll probably have to ask about the third method.' Inwardly letting out a sigh, Valyr went ahead and asked Noel what the last method was. In response, Noel told him that it was the quickest way to improve the quality and quantity of his Shadow Energy, yet at the same time, it was the riskiest and most difficult. As to what it was…
"Well, the last method is basically the method as to how the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass came about in the first place."
"And that would be…?"
"To kill a Shadow Serpent, of course."
Chapter 306: A Quick Trip

After Noel mentioned that the final method to improve his Shadow Energy was to kill a Shadow Serpent, Valyr's eyes widened for a bit in surprise. Though, not long after, his expression returned to normal as he inwardly facepalmed, thinking to himself as to how he had not gotten to that conclusion before.
After all, since absorbing an orb of Shadow Serpent Essence allowed him to gain access to Shadow Energy, then it would make sense that killing a Shadow Serpent would also work as well.
"Now that I mention it, I just remembered that these three are also the methods one would have access to in order to become a Shadow Serpentine Lancer in the first place," Noel said sometime later. "Of course, that's considering they didn't have [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] and had access to Shadow Energy before obtaining the subclass like you did."
"In fact, it could be considered as a requirement to obtaining the subclass in the first place," he continued. "Either way, I'm going off on a tangent here. Those are the three methods that you could choose to use if you want to improve your Shadow Energy to eventually become a bona fide Shadow Serpentine Lancer."
"How did you gain access to Shadow Energy in the first place?" Rather than ponder over the three choices he was given, Valyr was instead curious as to how the old man before him became a Shadow Serpentine Lancer in the first place. With that, Noel briefly raised his eyebrow in slight interest.
"Are you going to choose your method based on how I became a Shadow Serpentine Lancer?" Noel let out a soft chuckle. "Well, what if I told you I obtained the subclass I currently have now as an accident?"
In response to those words, Valyr remained silent, though the expression on his face was enough for Noel to know that he wanted to learn more about it.
"A long time ago, I had a Spearman-based subclass that I was incredibly satisfied with," Noel started narrating. "It had all of the abilities that I wanted, the stats that I wanted to grow stronger in, all in all, I was just satisfied with having it, considering that it was of a significantly high rarity."
"Note that this happened at a time when I didn't occupy a position within the Spearman Guild yet," said Noel in the midst of his narration, wanting to clarify his story's setting. Obtaining a nod in response from Valyr, he then continued where he left off.
"Of course, even though I wasn't occupying a position yet, I was someone that held a lot of importance to the guild." A light smile gradually crept up on his face as he continued to recall what had transpired in the past. "With that, I was the first person they asked when they were looking for someone that was willing to kill an incredibly ferocious beast."
"I'm sure by now that you already know what kind of beast I'm referring to, right?" Noel asked Valyr sometime later, to which the latter nodded.
Nodding back, Noel continued. "I won't get into the specifics of what happened along the way, but at the very end of it all, I had successfully killed the Shadow Serpent that many people had died to. At that point, I thought I would just head back to the Spearman Guild, claim my rewards, and then head home and rest easy."
"Boy was I wrong." Noel bitterly smiled. "Instead, what happened was that all of the lingering energy from the corpse swiftly made its way to my body and gave me the ability to tap into a pure yet destructive source of energy that differed from mana."
"With that, I eventually found someone who knew more about it, and eventually, I became a Shadow Serpentine Lancer." With Noel having finished his story of how he had become a Shadow Serpentine Lancer in the first place, Valyr looked down at the ground for a bit and pondered once more over which among the three methods he would choose.
However, with the looming threat of the final battle still lingering in his mind, and the fact that he needed to become as strong as possible for that final battle, it did not take long for him to come to a decision.
"How easy… are Shadow Serpents to kill?" As Noel heard this question come out of Valyr's mouth, the former inwardly let out a low sigh as he responded.
"Considerably easy… if you were a Rank 3 class holder at the very least." At this moment, Noel's expression towards Valyr was that of slight concern. After all, to him, it seemed like the young man in front of him was making a rash choice.
Yet, rather than thinking of Noel's words as a cue to stop his train of thought there, Valyr instead nodded in response to his answer before asking, "Are there any Shadow Serpents nearby?"
"I really wouldn't recommend you do that if I were you." Noel shook his head. "Though killing a Shadow Serpent is the quickest way to improve your Shadow Energy, as I've mentioned earlier, it is the riskiest, especially for someone at your level."
"You still have a long life ahead of you, Ylvar. There's no need to rush it." He let out a faint sigh soon after before becoming silent.
Pondering over something for a bit, Noel eventually looked back at Valyr before giving him a proposal. "How about this? I'll give you three days to think about which among the three methods you're going to use to improve your Shadow Energy. If you're still adamant on killing a Shadow Serpent, then…"
"As much as I really don't want you to do it, I'll try my best to find one for you."
"…" At those words, Valyr went silent, prompting him to ponder over his choices once more. On one hand, he was happy that Noel wasn't stubborn in stopping him from wanting to kill a Shadow Serpent. After all, it would allow his combat prowess to significantly improve within a shorter timespan.
On the other, he felt grateful that the old man was looking out for his safety, yet guilty at the same time since he wanted to do something that was the exact opposite of safe.
After mulling over it for a bit more, Valyr eventually told Noel that he'd think about it for the next few days, and he'll tell him his final decision once the three days are up. In response, a relieved smile appeared on Noel's face, nodding in agreement as the two of them eventually made their way back to the Spearman Guild's building, with the two of them parting ways once Noel reminded Valyr to find him once three days had passed.
"Huh. Time flies fast." Now at the entrance of the Spearman Guild, Valyr took a look at the sky to see how much time there was left before night. Seeing that there was only around an hour so left before the sun started to set, he decided that he should head back to the inn, lest he wanted Wells to worry about him.
However, just as he had taken a few steps in the direction that lead back to the inn, a thought popped up in his mind.
'How about…'
'I take a look at where the Zeihardt clan is residing?'
Chapter 307: Forced Ascension

As this thought lingered in his mind, Valyr stood in place for a bit as he contemplated once more about how much sunlight there was left before the sky turned dark, thinking of the possibility that Wells might be on the lookout for him since the man had no clue where he had gone after the meeting at the Imperial Production Guild.
In the end, he decided to act upon the thought he had come up with, utilizing the entirety of his agility to speed up the process of finding out where the Zeihardt clan estate was located within the city.
'It won't take too much time,' Valyr thought to himself as he started to move about, recalling the objective of the World Quest he had received.
From what he could recall, the objective of the World Quest was to head to where the Zeihardt Royal Clan was located, which, thanks to Aster, he now knew that they were located within Algerie Kingdom. With such an objective like that, it only made sense for him to do it now rather than later with how simple the objective was.
After all, the objective only told him to head to where it was. There was no such mention of having to head inside, having to find someone there, or anything else.
Aside from that, he did not want to find out what would happen if he did not complete the World Quest within the three months that he had been given to head to the kingdom. From the description of the quest alone, it did not take long for him to realize that not completing it would result in dire consequences.
'Speaking of the quest description, didn't I get a notification during the meeting with the Ancestral Council earlier that I gained more information regarding the World Quest?' In the midst of him roaming the streets of Algerie City, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to bring up the quest's description within his mind, omitting the part that he had already read in the past.
Ding!
[The Future of Humanity (1)] (World Quest) (Linked Quest) (Time-limited Quest)
Difficulty: S
The Zeihardt Royal Clan… description has been omitted.
As the one that is considered by the clan as the Herald of Fate, you are the key that would bring forth a massive change to the current era. However, with the internal strife going on within the Zeihardt clan, it is still unknown whether your existence would bring forth a golden age to humanity, or its darkest age yet.
With that, you must find out more about your identity, your existence, and your origin. Amidst the tensions building between the three races that live on the world of Veldanyr, head to the origin of your blood and resolve the problem at its roots. If left unchecked, the existence of the human race would head down a path of no return.
At the very moment he was finished reading through the added description on his World Quest, a deep frown appeared on Valyr's face as he inwardly let out a long sigh. 'It seems my identity is far more important than I thought.'
'All the more reason for me to complete the first objective and find out what I have to do next then,' Valyr thought to himself not long after as his body continued to move. Though, sometime later, as he pondered over the thoughts that had formed after reading the updated quest description, a question eventually formed in his mind.
"If my identity is incredibly important to the future of humanity according to the World Quest… then why haven't I heard of my name back when I was a player?" Muttering these words to himself, the frown on his face deepened even further as his brows furrowed.
With the question in mind, he rummaged through the memories from his past life of Valyr Zeihardt and the Zeihardt clan, only to find out once more that none of them contained any information regarding the two whatsoever, just like when he tried to search for information regarding the Zeihardt clan during his first few days in this world.
Back then, he found it slightly peculiar, but did not think too much about it. However, now that he knew more about his body's identity, as well as the clan, he wondered whether his existence, as well as the Zeihardt clan's existence had something to do with the storyline of Greater Beyond's first version.
"Haah…" Though he could infer and deduce multiple things from what he knew at the moment, he knew that heading down the speculation rabbit hole would only lead him to a dead end he could not get out of, reminding him once more that he should head to the city's library whenever he was free to do so as he let out a long yet soft sigh.
Faintly shaking his head, he placed the thought at the back of his head for the meantime, just like many of the other questions that plagued him, and focused most of his attention on finding the Zeihardt clan estate for now, eventually doing so by the time the sun was already near the horizon.
…
"How extravagant…" Valyr muttered to himself as he gazed at the estate that appeared before him.
Rather than being greeted by the sight of a decently sized manor that could be said to house an entire clan, what appeared in front of him instead was a building that looked more similar to the medieval castles he had seen in his past life, which showed the great amount of power and authority they could wield.
Mostly being made out of smoothly chiseled stone, the spires of the castle at the rearmost portion of the castle was colored a reddish brown, bringing a bit of color to the somewhat boring exterior of the castle. Nevertheless, the castle is covered to the brim with multiple trees and greenery, with all of the shrubs found at the entrance of the castle seemingly trimmed to perfection.
Yet its extravagance did not end there.
On both sides of the castle were large manors that spanned at least four stories tall, prompting Valyr to wonder as to how much people were currently living within the Zeihardt clan estate. However, just before he could take a closer look and make his way towards the estate's gates, one of the guards patrolling around the estate stopped him.
"Halt! State your business." With most of the guards' attention now focused on him due to the guards' words, Valyr stood frozen in place for a bit as he wracked his brain to come up with a great excuse as to why he was loitering around. Though, as if the heavens were messing around with him…
Ding!
[You have completed the quest 'The Future of Humanity (1)'.]
[You have gained 500,000 XP.]
[Your level has been increased by one. You are now Level 26.]
…
…
…
[As you have exceeded the level threshold of a Rank 1 class holder, you shall now undergo a forced ascension.]
Chapter 308: Delaying The Process

As the notification sound resounded in his mind, Valyr went ahead and took a look at the notifications he had received within his mind. While looking through them, he felt a faint smile creeping up on his face as he thought that it was worth it for him to make a detour to the Zeihardt clan estate before he made his way back to the inn.
However, as he continued to look through the notifications, his expression was swiftly replaced with a frown as his attention was focused on the final notification. 'If I remember correctly, something like this didn't happen back when I was still a player…'
Rummaging through the memories he had from his past life, Valyr checked through all of them to see if he or any other player he had come across had experienced a similar phenomenon to what he was currently going through, which was a forced ascension.
Of course, Valyr quickly understood what a forced ascension meant, especially since the notification that talked about it gave him the information he needed to know to find out what caused it. Unsurprisingly, he had deduced the cause of this forced ascension to be the level increase reward from completing the World Quest, though coming to this realization made it all the more peculiar to him.
'Yeah… this didn't happen back then.' After rummaging through all of his memories, he eventually found a couple that seemed to start off in the same way, wherein he or another player had completed a quest that had a level increase reward, even though they were already at the level limit for their rank.
However, rather than the system forcing them to undergo their ascension to the next rank, what happened instead was that the level increase reward did not apply. Instead, the reward adjusted itself and adopted part of the nature of the XP system, transforming into something that would only come to effect once the player had ascended to the next rank.
With that in mind, Valyr went through multiple possibilities in his head as to why the current phenomenon he was experiencing was nowhere to be found in his memory whatsoever. Naturally, the logical conclusion that he arrived at was that the forced ascension feature was considered a bug during the beta, prompting it to be removed before the first version of Greater Beyond was even released.
Though, just as he contemplated a bit more as to the reason why it could be considered a bug, he felt a foreboding feeling wash over his body as the ever familiar chime of the system resounded in his head.
Ding!
[Due to the user not taking the initiative, instead ignoring their current situation, the system has taken it upon itself to begin the ascension process.]
[Please select the species and the class you would like to ascend with.]
[Note: Further ignorance of the ascension process shall result in dire consequences. It is highly recommended for the user to interact with the ascension process as fast as possible.]
"Mngh…" Just as he had finished reading through the notifications he had received, two small screens listing down the species and classes he could transition into had appeared before him, only for a slight wave of pain to wash over his body not long after.
Gritting his teeth in response as he endured the pain, Valyr took in a deep breath as one of the guards repeated their question to him once more, asking him as to what he was doing loitering around the Zeihardt clan estate. At first, he planned to reply to the guard's question in order for them to not think of him as some person with malicious intent towards the Zeihardt clan.
Unfortunately, just as he was about to open his mouth to respond, yet another wave of pain far more intense than earlier coursed throughout his body, causing him to instead let out a shriek. Naturally, the guards had now become wary of Valyr, thinking that the man before them might do something rash towards them and the clan they were protecting. Fortunately for them, just as they had gripped tightly onto their respective weapons…
Whoosh!
Valyr decided to dash away in the opposite direction of the estate while continuing to endure the pain as best as he could. Seeing that, the guards only remained vigilant for a few more seconds before returning to their earlier states, making sure to note down the suspicious entity that decided to loiter near the Zeihardt clan estate out of nowhere.
On the other hand, that same suspicious entity now headed towards the inn at the highest speed he could muster, utilizing the entirety of his stats to their limits as his body went into autopilot. With the pain he felt gradually getting worse the longer he ignored it, most of the thoughts in his mind eventually turned into one unified thought.
'Get back to the inn… and ascend!'
Though Valyr had the choice to ascend in front of the guards to alleviate his forced ascension problem, there were many reasons why he opted not to. Among those reasons, the most important one was the fact that if someone were to recognize him even in his disguise and had a highly leveled [Analysis] skill, then he was basically serving himself to the Zeihardt clan on a silver platter, giving them the information they needed to render his strengths ineffective before he could act.
With that, he continued to grit through the pain he felt, eventually arriving at the inn with blood gradually trickling out of his eyes. Ignoring the various gazes he obtained from the people that he passed by, with most of them filled with horror, Valyr eventually arrived at the room he and Wells were staying in, quickly noticing that Wells was waiting near the room's door all this time.
"You're finally back." At the very instant Valyr entered the room, Wells inwardly let out a long sigh of relief. Though, just as he was about to ask what his friend had been up to throughout the day, he took note of the pained expression on his face, as well as the blood that continued to trickle out from his eyes, only to notice that blood also started to trickle out of the man's nose as well.
With Valyr briefly gazing at him, getting the feeling that he was telling him through the gaze that he would explain everything late, Wells could only nod in response as Valyr made his way to his part of the room, sitting down on the ground before making his choice on what kind of species he would like to ascend to.
"Agh! Heck!"
Chapter 309: Entering The Next Rank

Deciding to wait by the common area of the room for a bit more after Valyr made his way to his part of the room, Wells heard Valyr scream out a few times in great agony, causing an expression of concern to appear on the former's face as he wondered what his friend was going through. After all, he had never expected his friend to show up in that state all of a sudden.
Though, just as he eventually made a decision to find out what was going on with Valyr as he still heard his friend cry out in pain every once in a while, his mind briefly halted at the very moment he heard a faint thud resound from Valyr's part of the room, causing Wells to head to where Valyr was with no hesitation.
Once he was there, he stood frozen in place, left at a loss for words at the sight that was in front of him.
On the floor was Valyr lying down on his back with his face mostly covered in the dried-up blood that trickled down his face earlier. Continuing to look at his friend, Wells noticed that Valyr's eyes were now closed, making him feel slightly worried that his friend had entered some sort of critical condition out of nowhere.
Fortunately, that was not the case, with Wells letting out a long sigh of relief after examining his friend for quite some time. Still feeling a bit of worry towards his friend since he did not know what Valyr did after the meeting at the Imperial Production Guild, Wells decided to help his friend out in the meantime, wondering when his friend would wake up from his slumber.
…
"Mnnn…" After what seemed to be a long time for Valyr, he eventually opened his eyes as he sat upright, gazing at nothing for a short while to allow his consciousness to become alert. Surprisingly, it took far less time for his consciousness to return to its usual state as memories of what had transpired before he had gone unconscious flashed through his mind, causing him to look at his current surroundings with a hint of fear.
However, after realizing that he was in his part of the room both he and Wells were staying in at the Hama Inn, this fear eventually subsided, being replaced instead with the feeling of confusion as he recalled that he had passed out on the floor of his part of the room, not on his bed.
"Took you long enough to wake up." Of course, it did not take long for him to find out the cause for his current situation, a bitter smile adorning his face as he looked at the man that had just entered his part of the room. "You do know you've made me stay up a bit later than usual since I had to clean off the blood from your face, right?"
"You did?" Hearing the words that came out of Wells' mouth, Valyr headed towards a nearby mirror as he lightly caressed his face, quickly noticing that his skin felt a bit softer compared to back then. Aside from that, he noticed that his body felt a tad stronger than before, making him remember that he had gone through the ascension process beyond his own volition before falling unconscious.
Deciding to put the matter of ascending to the next rank at the back of his head, he returned his attention back to his face, taking note that none of the blood that trickled down his face could be seen anymore, causing him to feel a hint of guilt at the fact that he had forced Wells to see him in a horrible state, as well as take care of him while he was still unconscious.
Though, just as he was about to apologize to him after what he had him go through, Wells seemingly already had an idea of what was going on in Valyr's mind. "I don't need any apology from you. After all, I'm sure you'd probably do the same thing if you were in my shoes."
As Valyr nodded with a faint smile in response to his words, Wells continued. "Instead, what I want to hear from you is how you ended up in that state last night."
"I've been out for half a day, huh." Muttering out these words as he let out a light sigh, Valyr took in a deep breath as he organized all of the thoughts in his mind before narrating to Wells what he had been up to after the two of them parted ways yesterday.
With that, Valyr started off his narration at the moment he had left the Imperial Production Guild after the meeting, informing him that he had gone to the Spearman Guild to obtain his subclass. Unsurprisingly, the question of Wells' subclass amidst this narration, with Valyr curious as to what kind of subclass Wells was planning to obtain. In response, Wells told him that it would be a subclass that suited him very well and synergized with his current class, Spear Scholar, to a considerable extent.
After nodding in response to Wells' answer, Valyr continued where he left off, telling Wells that he had gone on a detour to complete a quest that could be completed along the way. Omitting the fact that it was a World Quest, he eventually told him that one of the rewards for the quest was a level increase reward, which made him go over the level limit for a Rank 1 class holder.
"With that, I had to go through something called a forced ascension," said Valyr to Wells. "At first, I ignored it since I still had to complete a few more parts of my quest, but then pain started to kick in after some time."
"What you saw last night was the result of me trying to endure that pain for as long as possible." He let out a faint sigh soon after. "Of course, I don't need to tell you why I decided to ascend here in the inn instead of where I was during the quest."
"Definitely gives away a lot of information." Wells nodded in agreement before letting out a long sigh. "Well, I'll leave you alone for the meantime. Just let me know if you're heading somewhere or if you want me to come with you."
"Will definitely do." Thanking Wells once more for taking care of him while he was unconscious as the man headed to his own part of the room, Valyr was eventually left to his own devices, finally allowing him to take a look at the massive amount of notifications he had gained while he was unconscious.
'Time to take a look.'
Ding!
[You have ascended to Rank 2.]
Chapter 310: A Massive Jump

Ding!
[You have ascended to Rank 2.]
[As you have ascended to a higher class, your VIT to HP coefficient has changed from 1:12 to 1:18.]
[As you have ascended to a higher class, your INT to MP coefficient has changed from 1:12 to 1:18.]
"With that much of an improvement in the ratio, I think I already match the amount of HP I had back in the duel against Leron." As he muttered to himself while going through the notifications he had received after going through the ascension process, Valyr's expression was mostly neutral. After all, most of the notifications at the beginning were the ones he had already expected to see, such as the improvement in his HP and MP ratio.
Though, as he continued going through the list, a faint hint of excitement appeared on his face, becoming more and more intense as the notifications laid out the improvement in his stats after the ascension.
[Your species 'Human (1st Unsealing)' has been changed to 'Human (2nd Unsealing)'. As you have transitioned to a higher-level species, you have gained +7 VIT, +7 STR, +5 AGI, +13 DEX, +13 INT, +5 WIS, +7 PER, and +2 LUK.]
[Your class 'True Prodigious Blacksmith (Mythic)' has been improved to adapt to Rank 2 standards.]
[You have gained +4 VIT, +4 STR, +4 AGI, +7 DEX, +7 INT, +2 WIS, +3 PER, and +1 LUK.]
[You have gained 4 unassigned stat points.]
pdα-| "What an increase." Reading through the notification that broke down the amount of stats he had gained from transitioning to a higher-level species, Valyr briefly whistled out in amazement. As he had already chosen Human (1st Unsealing) during his ascension process to Rank 1, then it only made sense for him to continue with its progression as the choice was available to him.
However, unlike his choices during the ascension process to Rank 1, there were far more species available for him to transition into as a Rank 2 class holder, with a few of them even deviating from being human and leaning into something that only appeared human-like. Nevertheless, since reaching the peak of the Human species was a tried and tested path by many players in his past life, as well as the fact that the other choices were considerably worse than removing the 2nd seal within him, his eventual decision was natural.
'Then again, there was that one variant Human species among the choices that seemed to be better than undergoing through the 2nd unsealing,' Valyr thought to himself, recalling the list of species he could choose during the ascension process. 'But for some reason, why do I feel like choosing that species would put me in greater danger?'
As the question came to mind, Valyr pondered over it for a bit in silence, remembering the differences between the variant Human species he had seen and the benefits of undergoing through the 2nd unsealing. By the end of his contemplation over the matter, he concluded that choosing the variant species would give him quite a substantial benefit to his strength.
Though, from the feeling of danger he felt back when he was about to select it, he was inclined to think that there had to be some sort of trade-off in obtaining the strength. With that, he ended up going with his first choice in the end, though he had a feeling that the choice would appear once more after he went through his ascension to Rank 3.
Once he was done mulling over his choice of species to ascend into, he then looked at the improvement his class had undergone through the ascension, being impressed while at the same time somewhat scared of the increase an ascension brought. "Mythic classes are definitely scary."
"I can't even begin to imagine how much stats someone with an Ancient class would obtain." As the words came out of his mouth, Valyr's body slightly shuddered from what he had imagined. Deciding that there was no point in thinking over multiple what-ifs, he then moved his attention to the notifications regarding the subclass he had recently obtained.
[Your subclass 'Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer (Uncommon)' has been improved to adapt to Rank 2 standards.]
[You have gained +2 VIT, +1 STR, +3 AGI, +4 DEX.]
"Definitely a substantial improvement." Valyr nodded after taking a look at the notifications, satisfied with the increase in stats the subclass gave him per level. With that, he wondered how much stats the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass would give him, already getting the feeling that his DEX stat would reach an incredibly high number once he had reached the peak of Rank 2.
And that was with his current subclass.
'I wonder if becoming a Shadow Serpentine Lancer would increase my PER stat every level,' thought Valyr to himself. 'I feel like there's a chance that it would be the case. After all, from the feeling I'm getting from the subclass so far, I feel like it's going to push me into a combat style that takes greater advantage of the enemies' weak points.'
'And PER is going to help with that.' With the thought in mind, he took a look at the remaining notifications he had to read through, slightly left at a loss for words once he noticed that he had only reached the halfway point of the list.
Seeing that the remaining notifications tackled the skills he had gained from the ascension, as well as other miscellaneous notifications, Valyr decided to take a look at how much his stats had improved. Though he had taken a brief look at his stats after obtaining his current subclass, he still felt like the difference between his stats right now and his stats from the life and death duel wasn't that much.
Sure, he had gained a subclass and all that, but during the life and death duel, he was wearing a set of armor that greatly boosted his stats to more or less the same amount as the subclass. With that, he thought to himself that the increase wouldn't be that much, commanding the system to bring up his status screen in front of him.
However, once he had taken a look at the screen in front of him that listed down all of his stats, it was then did he realize that he was very, very wrong.
"Holy heck."
Ding!
[Valyr Zeihardt]
Class: True Prodigious Blacksmith (Rank 2 — Mythic)
Subclass: Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer (Uncommon)
Species: Human (2nd Unsealing)
Level: 26
Power Level: 2,771 (B+)
Unused XP: 9,376,020
HP: 2,568/2,568
MP: 3,905/3,905
Attack: 1,007 - 1,051
Defense: 399 - 399
Stats: 123 VIT, 135 STR, 135 AGI, 279 DEX, 187 INT, 79 WIS, 109 PER, 45 LUK (4 unassigned points)
Remarks: There are no other words one could use to describe you at the moment other than the word 'monster'. Did you take illegal elixirs or something?
Sucking in a great amount of cold air through his teeth, Valyr stared at the screen in front of him with his mouth wide agape, with many parts of his current status screen leaving him at a great loss for words.
"I could totally pass off as a dungeon boss of some sort with my current HP and MP." As Valyr muttered these words to himself in shock, he recalled the amount of HP and MP he had back then during the life and death duel.
At the very instant he had recalled how much he had back then, he instantly took note that his current HP was substantially greater than the amount of HP he had during the duel, which was something he had expected due to the improvement in the ratio.
However, what truly left him at a loss for words was the amount of MP he currently had, being roughly double the amount he had access to while he was engaging against Leron during the duel. Fortunately, he eventually came to accept the absurd improvement as he pondered through it, coming to the conclusion that it was just the improvement in the ratio and the distribution of the stats he gained from his class working to make it happen.
"Four digit attack…" After getting over how much HP and MP he had, he then focused his attention towards his Attack stat, not understanding how his Attack stat had improved so much from just one ascension. Sure, the previous number was an absurdly high number for someone at Rank 1 to achieve, being something a lot of common Rank 2 classes and even Rank 3 classes had difficulty obtaining, but he still understood how it had gotten to that point.
Thankfully, after looking the part of the notification list he had yet to read for a bit, he found his answer.
Ding!
[As you have ascended to a higher class, your Attack stat coefficient has changed from 1:2 to 1:3.]
"I see." After reading the notification, everything in Valyr's mind swiftly fell into place, finally allowing him to realize how he now had an absurdly high Attack stat. Of course, that did not excuse the fact that his Attack stat rivaled those with common classes at the higher ranks, making him once more realize how utterly broken a Mythic class was.
Eventually, his eyes gravitated towards the amount of unused XP he still had, causing his body to shudder once more as he thought about the improvement his stats would undergo if he used all of his XP towards increasing his level. Though he knew that he was now a force to be reckoned with in many ways, he eventually decided to invest all of his XP into his skills first and max them out before proceeding to use his XP on his level.
"Speaking of which, I should take a look at the skills I gained." With that, Valyr went ahead and looked through his remaining notifications.
Chapter 311: An Arm And An Eye

"Hmm. I guess my hunch back then was correct." Taking a look at the skills he had gained after his class had ascended to Rank 2, Valyr nodded in slight satisfaction, recalling the thought he had in the past when he had just met Arcenne for the first time. From what he could remember, Arcenne was deftly wielding her spear through the pure manipulation of her mana, prompting him to think that her level of control was quite fine even though she didn't have a skill like [Mana Arm].
Which eventually led to him thinking about the possibility of gaining a similar skill once he had ascended to Rank 2.
"I wonder what differences exist between the normal version and the current version." With this thought in mind, Valyr commanded the system to show him the description of the first skill he had gained, causing a small screen to appear in front of his field of vision not long after.
"[True Prodigious Mana Arm], huh."
Ding!
[True Prodigious Mana Arm] (Level 1/10)
Rarity: Common
Almost all blacksmiths rely on their two arms to forge their works, with some transforming into items that would be remembered by the masses for the ages to come. However, there are those that feel constrained by being limited to only using their two arms to forge their craft, causing them to find various ways in order to alleviate this problem.
Most of those with this problem took on drastic measures to gain their solution, transforming into a species that deviated from their original path, all for the sake of gaining more arms to work with. Fortunately, one man had gained inspiration from the plight of the previous generation and found a way to form more appendages that would aid one in the crafting process without having to sacrifice one's original path.
Through the usage of mana.
Due to the user being a true prodigy, this skill allows the user to form two additional arms made out of mana that extend out of their body. The level of fine control one could obtain from their mana arm is reliant on the user's DEX and PER stat, while the cost to maintain the arm is reliant on the user's DEX and INT stat. Utilizing the skill during the crafting process increases the chances of the resulting forged item to be one minor grade higher than originally intended.
Note that this skill could also be used outside a forging setting, though the success one might find using the skill in these other fields may vary.
Number of mana arms: 2
Cost: 25 MP (initialization), 3 MP per second (maintenance)
Cooldown: 2 minutes
"I see." Once Valyr was done reading through the skill's description, he faintly nodded as he took note of the substantial changes the current version had over the normal version, with the most important one being the number of mana arms he could create, as well as the scaling his stats gave towards the level of fine control he had with the skill.
Deciding to check out the skill for himself, he went ahead and activated [True Prodigious Mana Arm], causing a slightly translucent arm each to appear slightly above his actual arms, their bases being located near the top of his shoulder blades. Becoming slightly mesmerized by the azure color the mana arms emanated, Valyr then willed for the mana arms to move, quickly finding the task surprisingly easy to do.
With how the mana arms were positioned, their range of motion was slightly limited, though he eventually came to the conclusion that the range of the two additional arms would be more than enough for him to work with in a forging setting. Eager to try them out in forging as soon as he could, Valyr stopped himself as he recalled that the normal version of the skill had the ability for the arms to form at a distance from the user's body, giving these arms a wider range of motion.
Though the ability only came about once the skill was upgraded to a higher rarity, Valyr was inclined to think that there was a possibility for it to be a hidden part of the current skill, considering that it was a variant based on his class. With that, Valyr willed for the arms to detach themselves from his back, only for the two to dissipate at the very moment he had done so.
"Welp. I tried." Bitterly smiling at the outcome of the experiment, Valyr shifted his attention to the only other skill he had gained from the ascension, bringing up its description in front of him sometime later.
"It would've been nice if I gained a skill from the subclass," he muttered to himself as he read through the contents on the screen before him. Surprisingly, by the time he was finished reading through it, his eyes glimmered with excitement, becoming eager to test the second skill out in a forging setting as well.
"I wonder if this effect stacks with Jekyll's skill."
Ding!
[True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] (Level MAX)
Rarity: Mythic
A normal prodigy takes the norm and ascends it to a level few can reach. On the other hand, a true prodigy takes the norm and transforms it into something greater, becoming something even prodigies yearn to achieve.
Becoming the trailblazers of their own path, true prodigies gain insight on various aspects of forging that would normally be ignored by most blacksmiths. This insight might appear within their control over heat, their method of hammering metal, or perhaps their method of tempering their forged items to become more durable. However, amongst all true prodigies in the field of blacksmithing, there is one aspect of forging that all of them have an insight towards.
The harmony of materials.
This skill allows the user to gain the ability to see the areas where the materials used in the forging process are not unified, giving them the ability to resolve the problem and enhance the quality of their craft to a higher level as long as they have the ability to. If the user is successful in harmonizing all of the materials into one unified entity, the resulting item shall be one minor grade higher than the originally intended rarity.
pdα-|
"It seems I have a lot of experimenting to do once I find a place to start forging again." Closing up the screen before him, a slight grin crept up onto Valyr's lips as he took a look at the remaining notifications he had left, which amounted to two. With that, he read through the first notification, only for a thought to pop up in his mind not long after.
'Hmm. I guess I need to start looking for Skill Keys then.'
Ding!
[You have unlocked the ability to upgrade your skills to the Uncommon rarity.]
Staring at the notification that had taken up a great portion of his focus, a slight frown formed on Valyr's face as he began to rummage through his memories in search of places where he could obtain Skill Keys. 'There's quite a lot of places I could go to if the only thing I have to find is Common grade Skill Keys.'
'The only problem is that I also need to get Uncommon grade ones.' As the frown on his face gradually deepened while he continued to look through his memories, the expression on his face eventually eased up once he had listed down the closest places to him at the moment where he could get both Common grade and Uncommon grade Skill Keys.
"Huh. To think I'd come up with three spots to get them." Going through the locations that fit the criteria in his mind, a soft chuckle escaped his mouth as he scrutinized them even further, taking into consideration the difficulty of obtaining the Skill Keys in that location, as well as its proximity to where he currently was at the moment.
"If that's the case… then heading to Virifarr Desert is a no go." Within seconds, Valyr had crossed out two of the three locations he had come up with, causing a bitter smile to replace the frown that adorned his face earlier. "Though the dungeon that contains the keys I want are considerably easier there, the journey there would take long."
"Plus, it's at the center of the desert, which is basically in the middle of nowhere."
"On the other hand, there's the Algerie Catacombs, which could be found at the outskirts of the city." As these words came out of his mouth, Valyr let out a faint sigh before shaking his head. "It would have been worth going there if I were on the lookout for Epic grade Skill Keys, but the difficulty to effort ratio in getting Common and Uncommon grade Skill Keys is too much."
"Which only leaves me with only one place to head to."
"The Lesser Meltierre Mountains." Though the place was still considerably far away from Algerie Kingdom, taking about half a week to get there on carriage, it was still within the lines of what Valyr could find tolerable, considering that heading from Clossbay City to where he was right now took more or less the same amount of time.
Of course, compared to Virifarr Desert, heading to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains instantly felt like the better choice among the two, considering that the former would take him almost two weeks to get there by even the fastest carriage he could get with his current wealth.
Aside from that, Valyr recalled that the Lesser Meltierre Mountains was considered an important location by the Meltierre Empire, prompting them to put up the necessary infrastructure that would streamline the process of entering and exiting the dungeons that contained the Skill Keys, even establishing a core city surrounding it.
After thinking about the place for a bit more, he eventually recalled that the empire was able to segregate the dungeon into various portions depending on the rarity of Skill Keys they dropped, which would speed up his process of getting the Skill Keys he wanted.
Making up his mind to head to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains sometime in the future, he then focused his attention onto the last notification on the list, which prompted him to take in a deep breath before letting out a long, low sigh.
Ding!
[You have received the continuation of the world quest: The Future of Humanity.]
'The first part of the world quest only needed to me to head to the Zeihardt clan's estate,' thought Valyr to himself as he pondered over the possible objectives for the second quest. 'So, it would be safe to assume that the next quest would continue from there.'
'I really hope I don't have to sneak into the estate or something.' Letting out a faint sigh at the thought that popped up in his mind, Valyr went ahead and brought up the description of the World Quest, only to be pleasantly surprised by the objective that was given to him.
Ding! please visit
[The Future of Humanity (2)] (World Quest) (Linked Quest)
Difficulty: S
The Zeihardt Royal Clan… description has been omitted.
Quest Objectives:
> Obtain information regarding the existing hierarchy within the Zeihardt clan (0/1)
> Find out the leader of the supportive faction of the Zeihardt clan and their whereabouts (0/1)
> Find out the leader of the rebel faction of the Zeihardt clan and their whereabouts (0/1)
Quest Rewards:
> Dependent on the speed at which the information is obtained, as well as how detailed the information is
Quest Penalty: End of the linked quest, future repercussions
[Note: There are places you could head to that may give you the information you seek as long as you pay the corresponding price. Of course, the choice to scout the location itself is also open.]
'Information gathering, huh.' Once he was done reading through the objectives that he had to fulfill to complete the quest, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief, thanking the heavens that he only had to gather information for now to complete it. Though he knew that having to head into the estate at some point was something that couldn't be avoided, he hoped that such a quest would only appear once he was certain that he was strong enough to fend off against anything and everything that could fight against him.
'Of course, I could just forget about this quest for now and get stronger, but that would be a waste of rewards.'
'In any case, I never expected the quest to give me a tip on completing the quest objectives.' Finding the note at the very bottom of the quest description both intriguing yet peculiar at the same time, Valyr eventually closed up the screen in front of him before letting out a faint sigh, satisfied with the improvement he had gained after ascending to Rank 2.
"I guess it's time to make use of that massive amount of unused XP I still have and max all of my skills out before heading to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains." Pondering over what he should do next, Valyr decided to use up his XP in preparation for the mass grind he would do for Skill Keys in the near future. Though, just as he had brought up his skill list to find out that he still had a lot of skills yet to be upgraded to their max level, a thought surfaced in his mind, causing him to exclaim not long after.
"Oh, right! The monster tide!"
Chapter 313: Before The Tide

Astarto Village.
Under the rays of the seemingly bleak-looking sun affixed at the peak of the clear blue sky, two men in the later stages of their twenties stood a few hundred meters away from the walls of the village, gazing out into the horizon as they felt a vast yet ominous aura radiating from afar.
"You think we're ready for the upcoming monster tide?" Tristan briefly squinted his eyes before letting out a sigh, turning his head to look at the man beside him before asking a question. "With how things are developing within the village, there's a chance that we'll be defending against a tide that's far worse than the previous one."
"Which is to be expected." Hearing Tristan's words, Damian briefly let out a sigh before shrugging his shoulders in response. "With Valyr removing the final obstacle that was hampering the village from expanding, the village has spared no effort to expand itself as quickly and as smoothly as possible."
"It's just a shame that even expanding villages are considered towns in the eyes of the monster tide." As these words came out of Damian's mouth, a bitter smile adorned his face.
"But we'd still be able to defend the place without a problem, no?" Tristan asked back, the expression on his face calm. "After all, ever since Valyr had given us knowledge regarding the Basic Reinforcement Elixir, the village's guards have grown stronger by leaps and bounds."
"And the same applies for us." Saying these words, Tristan recalled how much the knowledge regarding Basic Reinforcement Elixir affected the village after Valyr left to head to greener pastures.
For one, a greater portion of the village had made the decision to become part of the village's guard regiment, which fortunately worked in Damian's favor since most of them were truly willing to defend the village at all costs. In fact, these people told him that the only reason they didn't enlist as a guard earlier was because they feared they didn't have enough strength to do so.
However, with the existence of the Basic Reinforcement Elixir, which allowed one to have stats rivaling that of someone at Rank 1 while still being at Rank 0, such worries swiftly disappeared.
Of course, as someone who has interacted and met up with many people, Damian did not buy into their claims that easily, finding most of them skeptical since he had a feeling they were just in it for the Basic Reinforcement Elixir. Nevertheless, it still increased the number of guards within the regiment that were willing to fight for the village, even though the method to obtain Basic Reinforcement Elixir was still as difficult as it was ever since Valyr first introduced it to the two.
With how much time has passed since then, almost half of the guards within the regiment had been successful in getting their hands on a small amount of Basic Reinforcement Elixir through the system Damian put up in place, increasing their stats by one to two points at most.
On the other hand, around a third of the half had been successful in reaching the halfway mark, increasing their stats by five points, while only a couple dozen people within the regiment had been able to consume all the vials of Basic Reinforcement Elixir needed to unlock the corresponding skill.
Among those who were able to max out their consumption of Basic Reinforcement Elixir, a specific person eventually appeared in Tristan's mind, causing him to look at Damian before asking, "Myst said she was going to participate in the upcoming monster tide, right?"
"Yeah, she did." Damian nodded at Tristan before returning his gaze back at the wide horizon before them. "She said she'll arrive at the village before the tide starts."
"Really?" Tristan raised his eyebrow in interest before nodding back. "I thought those Experience Pit things would need you to take more time to really rake in a lot of XP." please visit
"For someone like us, that might be the case." Saying these words, a wry smile appeared on Damian's face. "But remember what kind of subclass she has."
"How could I forget?" In response, Tristan let out a wry chuckle.
Myst Verielle, the one Alfaera had chosen after Valyr passed on the responsibility of finding its inheritor ever since he was given its scroll by Riekan.
At the very moment she had accepted the Perennial Blademaster subclass, her level of strength, which allowed her to become one of the guard captains of the regiment, swiftly increased to the point that even Damian was impressed with how much her strength had improved. In their eyes, Myst had become a scarier person to fight against, with all of her attacks flowing into one another like a tsunami that didn't dissipate.
Even Damian, who had already progressed a bit into the levels of Rank 2, was defeated by Myst a couple times, solely by the latter relying on the new nature of her attacks, as well as the fighting style that had only been improved further by accepting the subclass.
A style focused on pure speed.
With her relentless effort into improving her strength, she eventually took on the mantle of what Valyr was when he was still a part of the village, becoming the person everyone aspired to be when they grew up, inspiring the multiple generations of the village into sparing a bit more time into honing their strength. In essence, she had truly taken on the name as Astarto's Guardian.
Even though she told Damian and Tristan that there was still a long way to go before she could truly be called Astarto's Guardian, telling them that she had only made a bit of headway towards upgrading the subclass to Epic grade, the two of them that it was only a matter of time before they would be greeted by a future even they weren't expecting.
"Well, I think it's time to head back and tell Alfaera a bit more about the situation." Feeling as if they had gotten a rough idea of what kind of monster tide they were up against, Tristan suggested to Damian that they head back to the village, to which the latter nodded in response.
"From the looks of it, we'll be up against a medium-scale monster tide at the very least," said Damian as they made their way back. "But with how much the regiment has improved since then, we'll probably be able to weather the tide without much problem."
"Speaking of which, didn't Valyr promise us before he left that he'd return to the village before the monster tide erupts?" Tristan asked Damian not long after before letting out a faint chuckle. "You think he's already forgotten it?"
Ding!
As if the heavens had responded to the question, a notification sound resounded within Tristan's mind, prompting to stop in his tracks as he took a look at the message he had received. With his eyes gradually widening in surprise, it did not take long for Damian to put two and two together, letting out a bit of laughter soon after.
"I guess you got yourself your answer."
Chapter 314: Gearing Up

"…So? What did he send?" By the time the two of them had returned to the village proper, the screen in front of Tristan's field of vision disappeared, prompting Damian to go ahead and ask his friend about the conversation he and Valyr had.
"He didn't forget." In response to the question, Tristan looked back at Damian before beaming a smile at the man, causing the gears in the latter's mind to turn for a bit before beaming a smile as well. "He asked me when the monster tide would appear, so I told him that it would appear a few days from now."
"I'm surprised he hasn't forgotten about it," said Damian in response as the two of them made their way to the village inn to get some brunch. "But don't you think it would be inconvenient for him? After all, he might be at some place that's far away from the village."
"That may be true..." As these words came out of his mouth, Tristan nodded in agreement. Though, as time passed, a grin gradually crept up onto his lips. "But aren't you curious how strong Valyr has gotten since the last time we've seen him?"
"…" In response, Damian remained silent as the two continued to walk to the inn, with Tristan grinning all the while. Eventually, just as they were about to enter the inn, Damian looked at the man beside him before briefly scratching his head in slight frustration.
"Why theHeckdid you have to make me think about it? Now I can't help but be curious." Hearing Damian complain under his breath, Tristan let out a soft chuckle as the two of them placed their orders.
"Of course, all this curiosity would be useless if he didn't come." Taking in a few deep breaths after they sat down, Damian was able to return his emotions to the way it was before. "Did he tell you that he'd return to the village before the tide erupts?"
"Pretty sure you already know the answer to that since you saw me chat with him for a bit." In response, a relaxed smile adorned Tristan's face as he opened his mouth.
"Naturally, the answer is yes."
…
Algerie Kingdom.
"Thank goodness they haven't started yet." Closing up the screen in front of him, Valyr inwardly let out a long sigh of relief after getting a message from Tristan that the monster tide still hadn't erupted yet. With that, it did not take long for him to sort out his thoughts and affirm to himself that he was going to head to the village to keep his promise.
Though, as he thought about the amount of time it would take for him to reach Astarto Village, Valyr eventually frowned. "I took around half a week to go from the village to Clossbay City on carriage. Then, it took around the same time for Wells and I to reach Algerie Kingdom from Clossbay City."
"In short, if I head out right now and go on carriage, I would only be able to arrive at the village around a week for now." Slightly scratching his head as he mulled over the situation, Valyr thought out loud. "Even if I remove a day from the travel time if I don't stop by Clossbay City along the way, the monster tide would long be over by the time I get there." please visit
"I think I'll have to ask Braum and the others about this." Making up his mind on what he was going to do, Valyr stood up from the floor before proceeding to do a bit of light stretching, alleviating the slight pain he felt after sitting cross-legged for too long. After that, he made his way to the bathrooms, checking in on Wells along the way, only to see that the man had activated [Technique Introspection] once more.
Once he was finished showering and changed into a fresh set of clothes, he stopped by where Wells was sitting cross-legged before posing a question to the man, knowing that he could hear him. "I'm heading back to Astarto sometime around tomorrow to help them defend against the monster tide. Wanna tag along with me?"
In response to the question, Wells gradually opened his eyes before contemplating over the suggestion in silence for a bit. Eventually, a slightly apologetic smile appeared on his face. "Is it fine with you if I don't come along? I'm actually close to evolving my main spear skill to the next grade."
"No worries." Valyr nodded in response, not minding Wells' refusal at all. "I just thought it would be rude of me to not offer you the chance of heading back to the village in the first place. In any case, tell me more about your upgraded skill once I get back, okay?"
"I appreciate the gesture, and I will." Nodding back, Wells took in a few deep breaths before returning to his introspective state, the apologetic smile on his face eventually disappearing around a minute into closing his eyes.
"Guess I'll be doing this all on my own." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr turned around and made his way to the door, activating the chat function to send a message to Braum that he was going to meet up with him at the Imperial Production Guild's entrance. Obtaining a response from the latter that he'll be waiting for him, Valyr went ahead and activated [Enhanced Polymorph] before proceeding to head to where he and Braum would meet up.
…
"Hey, Braum. It's me." Waving at the man dressed in dull gray armor waiting by the entrance of the Imperial Production Guild, Valyr moved closer to the man before briefly deactivating [Enhanced Polymorph], allowing the man in front of him to recognize who he was.
"You've grown stronger." Nodding back in response, Braum was about to greet Valyr, only for him to notice that the aura Valyr was exuding had become significantly stronger. With that, the man pondered over multiple possibilities as to how Valyr's aura could improve in just a day, eventually coming up with the possibility that seemed to be the most likely case. "Ascended?"
"Also finally got a subclass." In response, Valyr nodded, to which Braum congratulated him on achieving both. "Anyways, I've got a couple of things to talk to you with. But before I go over those…"
"Were you able to procure the items I asked for yesterday?" As this question escaped Valyr's mouth, Braum went silent for a bit. Eventually, the man nodded before giving Valyr a confident smile.
"Fortunately, I was able to do so."
"Follow me."
Chapter 315: Plans Of Upgrading

"Alright. Here we are." After walking through the corridors of the Imperial Production Guild for a while, Braum and Valyr eventually arrived within a secluded room at the far corners of the guild, prompting the latter to stand where he stood for a bit as he took in the sight that was in front of him, his eyes slightly widened in surprise.
"A private workshop?" Muttering these words to himself as he looked at Braum beside him, Valyr took a few steps forward before taking in the sight once more, a solemn expression adorning his face. Though a thin layer of dust shrouded more or less everything that could be found within the room, Valyr found it nothing more than something a little bit of elbow grease couldn't remove.
Nevertheless, the amount of forging tools and forging equipment that could be found within the room was enough to leave Valyr at a loss for words, with some of them even being able to mimic a decent chunk of what more advanced forging technology was capable of doing. Of course, as Veldanyr's level of technology was still considered to be somewhere around the medieval ages, then it did not surprise him to find out that all of these more advanced forging equipment operated on mana rather than pure machinery.
"Fancying the place?" Noticing the eagerness within each movement Valyr made as he looked around the private workshop, a faint smile briefly appeared on Braum's face as he posed the question to the man. In response, Valyr looked back in silence for a few seconds before nodding without hesitation, continuing to look at the more advanced equipment that was in the room after that.
Eventually, the latter shifted his attention from the advanced forging machinery towards the cloth bag that was placed on top of an anvil, the only anvil that could be found at the center of the private workshop. Noticing that there was next to no dust buildup on its surface, Valyr looked back at Braum and stared at him for a bit, asking through his gaze if the items he had asked the man to get was within the bag.
In response, the man in dull gray armor nodded, prompting Valyr to nod back as he unfurled the knot keeping the bag shut, revealing all of the items he had asked for within an instant.
"Young Wyvern Blood, Half Wyvern Scales, Azure Iron Essence…" Taking a look through the items within the bag, Valyr's body gradually filled up with excitement as his breathing turned slightly ragged. "You even got your hands on some Young Wyvern Scales…"
"Just so you know, I had to exhaust a lot of my contribution points to get those scales." Hearing the words that came out of Braum's mouth, a bitter smile appeared on the man's face. Nevertheless, seeing the young man's reaction towards the items he had procured, he felt that spending quite a great amount of contribution points on those items were more than worth it.
"The Imperial Production Guild even has Impure Mithril Fragments in stock?" Continuing to sift through the items Braum had procured, Valyr eventually brought out a shard that did not look like much, its color similarly dull when compared to other types of metals. However, once he had infused a bit of mana into the shard, blue veins started to spread throughout the shard as it soon gave out a faint blue glow, showing how conductive it was when it came to mana.
"At first, the guild was unwilling to give them to me since such items were rare to come by from what they told me," said Braum in response to Valyr's words. "However, once they found out that it was you who was asking for them, all of the obstacles stopping me from buying those things instantly disappeared."
"In fact, the guild even wanted me to tell you that you're free to use this private workshop for as long as you want while you're within the kingdom." Recalling that he had asked Valyr a couple of minutes earlier regarding his opinion of the private workshop, Braum decided to bring up what he was going to say earlier, lest he forgot to tell the young man one more time.
Unsurprisingly, once he heard from Braum that he was free to use the private workshop he was currently in, it was as if all of the circuits within Valyr's mind stopped functioning properly, causing him to freeze up for a bit as he processed the information he had just gained. Eventually, Valyr returned to normal, taking in a few deep breaths as he looked back at Braum before asking the man, "Really?"
"Really." Braum solemnly nodded.
"Haah…" Seeing Braum nod back at his question, Valyr could not stop himself from letting out a long sigh, part of it filled with the feeling of exasperation, while most of it was filled with the feeling of excitement. After all, although he knew how to forge equipment with basic forging tools thanks to his past life, the amount of time he spent tinkering with such stuff only lasted for a short time.
But with access to more advanced forging machinery, with some of them even having similar properties to tools he had used throughout the remaining time he played Greater Beyond as a player, he knew that the quality of his forged items would undergo a significant increase, with the chances of them being at a higher grade from the get-go not outside the realm of possibility.
"It's fine if you don't want to answer, but ever since you asked me to get those items yesterday, I've gotten curious." Amidst the silence that surrounded the two of them after Valyr's sigh, Braum decided to break it as he asked the young man the question that had been bothering him since yesterday. "What are you planning to do with the items?"
"Use it in forging, of course," said Valyr with a slightly mischievous grin, causing Braum to roll his eyes in response. please visit
"Well, yeah. I know that." Braum let out a low sigh. "But in what way are you going to use it in forging?"
"Going to use it to upgrade a set of armor you've already seen me wear." Surprisingly, Valyr responded to Braum's next question without any hint of the mischievousness found in his previous answer. Soon after, a bitter smile appeared on his face as he briefly scratched his head. "Though, I'm not entirely sure if the upgrade would be successful in the first place."
As Braum stared at Valyr with a blank expression after hearing those words, in slight disbelief of what he had just heard, Valyr rummaged through the memories he had in his past life, specifically the memories he had regarding the Half Wyvern Armor he had forged in the past as preparation for the life and death duel he was forced to participate in.
Though the design of the armor set was inspired by the Empyrean Dragon Armor set he had seen in action back when he was a player, that was not the reason why the system had classified the Half Wyvern Armor as an Emulation. After all, with that kind of logic, one would be able to churn out a great amount of Emulations as long as they had a vague idea of what the legendary equipment they were trying to emulate looked like.
Instead, the reason why the Half Wyvern Armor was classified as an Emulation was due to the materials he had used in forging the armor set, specifically the vials of Half Wyvern Blood he had asked Arcenne to get for him. Aside from that, the intent he had in mind while forging the set also made a significant contribution to the outcome, allowing the armor to get the classification he wanted from the system.
However, that did not mean that it was guaranteed for the armor to be considered an Emulation after going through all of those steps. At most, it was only an increased chance.
With that in mind, he thanked the guide he had come across in the past once more since it had allowed him to craft the Half Wyvern Armor set he now had. Though, the gratefulness he felt towards the guide gradually disappeared once he recalled the next step of the guide that would allow him to increase the rarity of the armor.
In fact, the items he had asked Braum to procure was enough for the armor to increase by the two minor grades, which meant that his Half Wyvern Armor would end up at Rare+ grade if everything went smoothly.
But that was the thing.
Just like the Half Wyvern Armor being classified as an Emulation, he wasn't sure if it would even upgrade successfully…
Unless if he had something that could make sure it could upgrade to the next tier.
'The only problem is procuring that item.' Recalling the item the guide mentioned that would guarantee the upgrade that would happen at the current step he was on, Valyr's body briefly shuddered at the thought of having to procure it. Nevertheless, it was something he needed to do if he wanted to boost his strength even further.
With that, he tied the knot around the cloth bag once more before making his way outside the private workshop, beckoning Braum to come join him as they began to head someplace else.
"Aren't you going to upgrade your armor?" While they were walking, Braum brought up the question that came to his mind.
"I am." Valyr nodded. Hearing that, Braum was about to ask him why he had left the private workshop if that was the case, only for the question to get stuck in his throat as Valyr continued his words.
"But how am I going to upgrade my armor if I didn't bring it with me in the first place?"
Chapter 316: Underground Transport Network

"You didn't bring your armor with you?" Braum raised his eyebrows in slight surprise, stopping in his tracks for a bit, which prompted Valyr to look back at the man who had a slight frown on his face. "When you sent me a message earlier that you wanted to meet up with me, I instantly thought that you wanted to meet up about the items you had me procure."
"Well, I initially had something else in mind when I was planning to meet up with you earlier." In response, Valyr faintly nodded back at Braum, informing the latter that it wouldn't be surprising for him to come to that conclusion. Letting out an awkward chuckle as he briefly apologized for having Braum expect something else, he then continued talking.
"The items I had you procure for me was an afterthought I had once I arrived at the entrance. Then again, that's because upgrading the armor with the items would help out in the task I want to do, which is something I need your help again." Listening to Valyr clear up the slight misunderstanding Braum had towards Valyr coming to meet him, the two of them eventually left the Imperial Production Guild, slowly but surely making their way towards the inn where both Wells and Valyr were staying for the meantime.
"Something you need my help with?" Once more, Braum raised his eyebrow, curious as to what Valyr meant by that. "Aside from helping you procure items from the guild or acting as a sparring partner of some sort against you, what other thing would you need my help with?"
"Finding a suitable method of travel," replied Valyr in a calm tone, gazing back at the man. "To be more specific, a method of travel that would allow to travel from this kingdom to a faraway village within a couple days at most."
"A couple days? From the kingdom to a faraway village?" Hearing Valyr's request, a frown adorned Braum's face as he briefly scratched his head, letting out a faint sigh soon after. "Let alone two days, even two weeks on carriage probably wouldn't be enough."
"Which faraway village are you planning to head to anyway?" the man asked Valyr a question he wanted to know the answer to, wanting to find out if the village in the mind in the young man in front of him was more or less similar to the village that he knew was connected to Valyr in more ways than one.
"Astarto Village." As these words came out of his mouth, both Valyr and Braum slowly made their way through the various corridors laid throughout the inn they were staying in, eventually being greeted by the sight of Wells at the room's central space while being in the midst of improving his technique once Valyr had opened the door to the room. "We're finally here…"
"Not bad." While Braum tried to make himself comfortable, his focus eventually shifted towards Wells, prompting the former to close his eyes for a bit before inwardly nodding to himself not long after. At some point, Valyr mentioned to Braum that his friend was aware of what was going on within the room at all times even though he was in an introspective state, causing the latter's impression of Valyr's friend to improve even further by a couple notches.
"What's with you saying 'not bad' earlier?" As Valyr made his way to his portion of the room to grab the set of Half Wyvern Armor he had placed on the side of the bed that wasn't easily visible, the words Braum muttered earlier as he looked at Wells surfaced within Valyr's mind, which elicited a question to come out of the young man's mouth as Braum pondered over his response for a bit.
"Well… ever since I've met the two of you, I've been getting a vague feeling from this friend of yours," replied Braum as he watched Valyr grab the pieces of Half Wyvern Armor before chucking a couple of them into the spatial bracelet. "At first, I was unsure if the feeling I got was coming from him. However, now that I've seen your friend in this state from up close, I can say without a shadow of a doubt that he's definitely the one giving me the feeling I've been getting."
"Mind telling me what feeling you're getting from him exactly?" Unsurprisingly, just like what Valyr had concluded back when he first had the idea, only his boots and vambraces could fit within the bracelet. With that, he asked Braum if he could keep the remaining pieces making up the Half Wyvern Armor within his spatial bracelet, to which the latter did not find any problem with.
While placing the four other pieces making up the entire Half Wyvern Armor set within his spatial bracelet, which had far greater space than Valyr's bracelet, Braum mulled a bit over the question Valyr asked him just a moment ago before eventually responding, briefly scratching his head in uncertainty in the process. "If I were to describe the feeling I'm getting, it feels like I'm looking at someone who could turn into a spear at any time. Or better yet, your friend feels like a human and a spear to me at the same time."
Though Valyr gained an idea of what Braum was trying to convey through his description, causing Valyr to come up with a few possibilities that would explain the phenomenon the man helping him out was feeling, all of the possibilities that came to his mind had more or less the same broad explanation Braum had given regarding its effects. With that, he was unsure whether the man beside him was telling him if his friend had achieved something rare or something far greater that had the possibility to shake the world.
"In any case, there's a high chance we could find out this exact feeling I'm getting as long as your friend is fine with heading to the Spearman Guild for registration," said Braum as he informed Valyr that he had stored the remaining pieces making up the Half Wyvern Armor within his bracelet and that they could head back to the Imperial Production Guild at any time. In response, Valyr nodded back before telling Wells that he was going to head to the Imperial Production Guild once more, which only elicited a faint nod from the latter.
Taking one last glance at Wells, who had a pensive expression on his face as he sat cross-legged, Braum eventually shifted his attention back to Valyr as the two of them were now heading their way back to the Imperial Production Guild.
While both Braum and Valyr were taking in their surroundings as they made their way back to the guild, the two of them looked at each other, causing a train of thought that previously dissipated into nothing in their minds to reappear once more, with Valyr taking the initiative to kickstart the conversation. "So… got any idea on how I could get to Astarto Village from here within a couple of days?"
"Is it fine if you could tell me the reason why you have to head back to a faraway village on such short notice?" In response, Braum looked back at Valyr, a blank yet solemn expression covering his face as the gears in his mind turned.
"A monster tide will hit the village within a couple of days." Finding no problem with Braum's request, Valyr briefly shrugged his shoulders before giving the former a bit more information regarding the latter's need for swift travel. "I made a promise to the village before I left that I'd return to the village before the monster tide began, but with how things are turning out at the moment, I feel like there's a high chance I wouldn't be able to do that."
"Well… there is a network of teleportation constructs within the guild that would allow you to head to Astarto Village in an instant." Fortunately, just as Valyr thought that the possibility of him upholding his side of the promise was bleak, Braum shone a bit of hope on the young man as he informed him of something not a lot of people within the guild knew. "In fact, it's what my team and the other reconnaissance teams used to get a head start on the search for your whereabouts."
"However, if you're not part of the reconnaissance team, then you'll have to reach a high position with the guild in order to be able to use these teleportation constructs within the first place. After all, it costs a lot of mana to activate the teleportation constructs." Though, just like how Braum quickly instilled hope within Valyr that he'd be able to fulfill his promise, the former also took the same amount of time to crush his dreams beyond ruin, leaving a bitter smile hanging on the latter's face after Braum was done talking.
However, as if Braum was playing with the heartstrings of the young man beside him, he instilled hope within the man one more time, with a confident smile adorning his face as he said, "Of course, that doesn't mean teleportation constructs are truly off-limits to normal people."
Stopping in his tracks, he then turned around to look at Valyr before asking.
"Ever heard of the Underground Transport Network?"
Chapter 317: Reminiscing Over The Past

Surprisingly, once Valyr heard Braum utter the words 'Underground Transport Network' in his question, the former's eyes briefly widened in slight surprise as he looked at the man in silence for a bit. Sometime later, he faintly nodded, informing the man beside him that he had heard a few people mention it to him in the past, though he did not think too much about it back then since he had no clue what it was.
However, in reality, Valyr was inwardly left at a loss for words once Braum told him about the Underground Transport Network, his familiarity with the service far beyond only knowing about it by name. Instead, he was someone who could be considered an avid and expert user of the service in the past.
With how much he needed to constantly travel to and from far places within Veldanyr back then as a player, the Underground Transport Network was considered one of the staple travel methods he used, which could also be said to be same for most, if not all players who chose to spawn in Veldanyr at the start.
In fact, the Underground Transport Network was one of the possible modes of travel he thought about using to head to and from various settlements since the travel time was next to instant. Unfortunately, due to the fact that he had only come across the Underground Transport Network and became a frequent user of the service by the time he was a few levels below the level limit Greater Beyond imposed for players of the first version, he was inclined to think that it was only something that was implemented by the time the first version came around.
But with Braum's words confirming the existence of the Underground Transport Network to him before the first version had even begun, Valyr swiftly thought about changing his plans for the near future, coming to the conclusion that he would be able to complete more in less time than he initially thought with the aid of the network.
As he thought about how he could fulfill his promise to Astarto Village and head to the Lesser Meltierre Plains just a few hours after the tide, Braum opened his mouth and explained what the Underground Transport Network was, thinking of the man beside him as someone not in the know. "I'm quite surprised you've heard a couple people mention about it back when you stayed in Clossbay City. After all, the Underground Transport Network is only something people from the kingdoms and empires have access to in the meantime."
"Anyways, from the name itself, the Underground Transport Network is a network of teleportation constructs that people could access at anytime, with the building that houses these constructs being located underneath the surface of the city." Seeing that the two of them had finally arrived at the Imperial Production Guild, Braum moved in front of Valyr before leading the latter to the corridor that housed the private workshop Valyr had free reign over, staying silent all the while.
Though, after making sure that the two of them were alone once more, Braum swiftly continued where left off. "There are multiple entrances that lead to Algerie Kingdom's branch of the Underground Transport Network, but only those who have been referred by another person who has used the network in the past could enter."
"Fortunately for you, I'm one of them." Hearing these words come out of Braum's mouth, Valyr looked at the man beside him for a bit as they stood in front of the door to the private workshop. Heading inside to begin the process of upgrading the set of Half Wyvern Armor he had brought, Valyr made his way to the furnace before infusing a bit of mana into it, noticing that the heat source of the furnace was magic-based.
"But don't you have access to the guild's teleportation constructs since you're the leader of one of the reconnaissance teams?" Keeping an eye on the temperature inside the furnace from time to time, Valyr posed a question to Braum as he familiarized himself with some of the advanced forging machinery he was going to use in the upgrading process.
"Only if the guild permits us to." Braum gave Valyr a bitter smile. "Permission to use the teleportation construct is harder to procure than you'd think. If anything, I was only able to use the guild's teleportation constructs for the first time after we've been given the mission to search for your whereabouts."
"So, that means you use the Underground Transport Network more often." Looking at Braum after saying these words, Valyr returned his gaze back to the tool in front of him after getting a nod in response. "What kind of requirements do I need to fulfill to be able to use the network?"
The purpose Valyr had in asking this question was to find out if the requirements to use the Underground Transport Network was the same as when he used it back then as a player. Fortunately, after hearing Braum's response to the question, he was able to find out that it was more or less the same, inwardly letting out a sigh of relief soon after.
"Aside from needing a referral from someone who uses the network, you don't really need to bring anything else aside from money." Braum nonchalantly shrugged his shoulders as he informed Valyr about the furnace he was heating up. "The lowest price you could get is around 10 gold coins, which would have you end up somewhere around the outskirts of the city. Of course, the farther the destination, the higher the price."
"I see, I see." Nodding in response, Valyr thanked Braum for the heads-up on the furnace before proceeding to infuse mana into the furnace to keep its temperature stable. Inwardly muttering to himself that he had missed small quality of life features like this, Valyr then summoned the pieces of Half Wyvern Armor out of his bracelet to prepare them for upgrading, only to recall something thanks to Braum's earlier statement. "Price…"
"Now that you mention it, how much did it all cost to procure the items I asked you to get?"
"Surprisingly, not that much. In total, it came to around 10 platinum coins."
"10 platinum coins…"
"…"
"…in what world is that not much?"
Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.
Chapter 318: Equipment Overhaul

Though Valyr complained about the price of all the items he had Braum procure him, with the latter defending the price he gave out by informing him how much hardship he had to go through, he still paid the price Braum had given him in the end.
Of course, that did not mean the price did not hurt him on the inside.
With his material assets only amounting to around 30 platinum coins after spending close to half of what it previously was on a great number of skill books, 10 platinum coins was more or less equivalent to a third of what he currently had on hand. Sure, it wouldn't have been a problem for him if he still earned money from having the Crimson Forge back at Clossbay City continue selling equipment since he could make it back within a couple of days, but as he had given his ownership to another blacksmith before he left for Algerie Kingdom, he had no method of earning income to speak of.
Nevertheless, he consoled himself into thinking that paying 10 platinum coins for the items was an investment he made to improve his strength in the long-term, rationalizing that the price was something along the lines of a convenience. After all, multiple steps went into procuring the items in the first place, such as find half-wyverns and young wyverns in the wild, killing them, skinning them, draining them of their blood, and then transporting said items to the large settlements.
Inwardly letting out a low sigh as he felt that the grin Braum flashed at him was telling him that he had been duped into paying for a higher price, he soon discarded all of the thoughts that continued to linger in his mind as he asked Braum to take out the other pieces of the Half Wyvern Armor the man had stored in his bracelet.
Getting a nod from Braum in response, Valyr nodded back as he watched the man take out the four remaining pieces of the armor set from the bracelet before placing them beside the two he had taken out. Taking in a few deep breaths to gain composure and achieve a state of tranquility, he then grabbed the cloth bag on top of the anvil before placing it beside the pieces making up the Half Wyvern Armor, unfurling the knot around the bag in the process.
"A few Half Wyvern Scales, a vial of Young Wyvern Blood, and a bit of Azure Iron Essence should do the trick." Taking out a few items out of the cloth bag, Valyr placed these items on a nearby table before shifting his gaze onto the pieces of Half Wyvern Armor, pondering over which piece he should upgrade first.
"I guess you'd be the easiest to upgrade." Swiftly making his decision, he grabbed the vambraces before chucking them into the furnace, manipulating the furnace's temperature with his mana to make sure that the heating process would go without any mishaps. Sometime later, he grabbed the Azure Iron Essence he took out from the bag before placing it in the furnace as well, finding out sometime later that the furnace had the ability to have two spots inside it that had differing temperatures.
"Neat." Making a note to himself that he would get his hands on an advanced furnace like the one in front of him someday, he went ahead and activated this new ability he had discovered the furnace had, infusing a considerable amount of mana in the process in order to make sure that the temperature of both spots would not bleed into each other. Thankfully, he had close to 4,000 points of mana on hand, which made the cost for him to maintain it negligible.
Seeing that the heating process for both the vambraces and the Azure Iron Essence going smoothly, Valyr turned around in the hopes of passing the time by talking with Braum. Though, just as he had done so, he swiftly noticed that the man was nowhere to be found within the workshop, prompting him to wonder whether the man had left because he knew he was going to be stuck talking with him for a while, or if the man truly had something else to do.
Briefly shrugging his shoulders at Braum's disappearance, Valyr turned his attention back to the furnace as he thought about some of the stuff he had going on, his mind soon pondering over other methods of travel he could gain access to in the future aside from teleportation.
'It would be nice if I could get a car or an airplane going on,' thought Valyr to himself, thinking about how nice it would be to just drive off to his destination at a speed far faster than what even a large carriage could achieve. Though, not long after, this image soon transformed into him moving through the skies of Veldanyr on an airplane, feeling that his travel time would be reduced to hours, if not minutes at most.
'Then again, I still have a long way to go if I want to do that.' Eventually, he stopped his train of thought, letting out a faint sigh as a bitter smile adorned his face. 'After all, I still have a lot of advancements to go through on the Innovation branch before I could even unlock the advancement that would allow me to forge an engine.'
As he thought about how many advancements he still had to unlock before becoming capable of creating a car from scratch, he recalled the advancement the Necklace of Enlightenment had unlocked in the middle of their journey to Algerie Kingdom, which put him a step closer to leaving the Ancient Age advancements of the Innovation branch.
Then, not long after, he recalled that he still hadn't submitted the weapons he had forged to the Blacksmith Guild in exchange for contribution points, deciding that he would head to the Blacksmith Guild to submit the weapons once he was done upgrading his armor.
After waiting for a few more minutes, Valyr grabbed a pair of tongs from the rack of tools within the workshop before using them to take out the heated vambraces, as well as the heated Azure Iron Essence out of the furnace, placing the latter on top of the former as they laid flat on the anvil's surface.
Hearing a faint sizzling sound resounding from the interaction between the Azure Iron Essence and the vambraces, Valyr swiftly grabbed a forging hammer before proceeding to meld the two together.
"Alright. It's time to get to work."
Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.
Chapter 319: Birth Of A Greater Armor

Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!
Bringing the forging hammer he held down onto the Azure Iron Essence above his vambraces, Valyr put all of his focus into spreading out the metal over the vambraces' surface, making sure that every nook and cranny was covered with the rare material. As he did this, he recalled the guide he followed in forging the Half Wyvern Armor set back then, setting his sights onto the steps that listed down how he could upgrade the separate pieces to the next tier.
'First, spread the Azure Iron Essence evenly over the front surface,' muttered Valyr to himself as he placed the vambrace and the rare metal into the furnace from time to time, increasing the heat within the furnace to make sure they would fuse properly. 'After that, lay the Half Wyvern Scales in a pattern that spreads out from the center of the armor piece, augmenting the defensive properties of the armor in certain areas.'
'Then, once all that is done, heat up the armor a bit before dropping a vial of Young Wyvern Blood on it, allowing the blood to seep into the armor, which would allow the latter to gain the blood's properties.'
"Yeah. That doesn't seem too hard." Taking in a deep breath to compose himself as he affixed his gaze onto the furnace, Valyr then went over the upgrading process for the other pieces of armor, eventually finding the part of arranging the Half Wyvern Scales on the armor's surface tedious. Fortunately, with the eagerness he showed in upgrading his armor, the focus he placed in the process, and the overall calm he exuded as he took the vambrace out from the furnace and back on the anvil, the system decided to help him out a bit.
Ding!
[You have entered the Flow state.]
Although the notification sound resounded in his mind, Valyr did not put any attention on it, instead focusing it all back on making sure that the vambrace and the Azure Iron Essence melded together. Though, if one looked closely as he worked on the vambrace, a faint smirk could be seen on the edge of his lips.
Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!
With purpose and intent behind each of his blows, the Azure Iron Essence on top of the vambraces gradually flattened out to cover the entire surface, taking on the slight details Valyr had placed on the vambraces' surface in the process. Eventually, after a couple more passes through the furnace and the forging hammer, the Azure Iron Essence had finally covered every inch of the vambraces' surface, causing Valyr to nod in satisfaction as he chucked the vambraces back into the furnace, prepping them for the next step.
Staring at the furnace in silence for a bit, Valyr eventually shifted his gaze onto the advanced forging machinery that was in the workshop, realizing that he had not used any of them yet. A faint bitter smile briefly appearing on his face, he thought about what he was doing at the moment did not warrant the usage of the advanced machinery in any way, finding them more fitting for when he would forge weapons instead.
Aside from that, he thought about how he had gotten used to forging with simple tools, finding the entire forging process more enjoyable since his control over the hammer dictated the quality of the resulting outcome.
Surprisingly, by the time he shifted his attention back to the furnace, all of the tangential thoughts in his mind faded away, instead being replaced with thoughts related to the upgrading process as he took out the vambraces out of the furnace once more before placing it on top of the anvil, giving the vambraces a bit of time to cool down as he grabbed the Half Wyvern Scales he had picked out for this step of the process.
Grabbing something from the rack of tools in the workshop that looked like an enlarged pair of tweezers, Valyr eventually returned in front of the vambraces with the item and the Half Wyvern Scales in tow, glancing at the vambraces for a bit to plan out where he would place the limited number of scales he had.
Once he had an idea of his placement, he then held one of the scales with the enlarged tweezers before gently placing the first scale on the vambraces' surface, nudging it in a few areas to make sure that it was roughly in the center before setting it in place with a light tap of the forging hammer.
As he prepared the second scale he would put on the vambrace, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief as the fear of messing up the placement of the first scale gradually disappeared. After that, he returned his focus once more on what he had to do, continuing to place the scales on the vambraces' surface that blended well with where the first scale was placed.
Gradually, Valyr found a rhythm and pattern to work with while he was placing the scales, only noticing by the time he was halfway through the scales he had allocated for the vambraces that he had inadvertently formed a lattice pattern of scales on vambraces' surface. Faintly smiling at the realization, Valyr continued to place more scales on the vambraces, eventually dropping the enlarged tweezers in slight exhaustion and relief as he took a look at what he had done.
The dull gray vambraces from before had now been replaced with one that shone a deep azure whenever light touched it, serving as a backdrop to the dark gray scales that were neatly spread throughout the vambrace. If one looked at the vambrace for long enough, one would think that the armor was mimicking how the skin of a wyvern looked to a certain extent, only for them to notice that deep inside the vambraces was the power of the exact creature they were thinking of.
Chucking the modified vambraces into the furnace one last time, Valyr went ahead and infused a bit of mana into the furnace, setting the temperature within the furnace to a set level mentioned in the guide he was following, a temperature that would allow the Young Wyvern Blood to settle in properly within the armor.
Attentively watching the modified vambraces reach the optimal temperature within the furnace for the final step of the upgrade process, a thought gradually surfaced within Valyr's mind, prompting him to think about the two blacksmith skills he had gained from the ascension, specifically the one that did not involve the creation of two new limbs.
"[True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight]." Activating his new sight-related skill, Valyr shifted his gaze towards the vambraces within the furnace, wondering if he would see anything different, thinking of another skill he had used often back when he was a player as reference.
[Blacksmith's Sight] had a description that was more or less similar to the description [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight], mentioning about how the skill allowed one to find the areas within the item being forged that were in disarray, giving one the ability to resolve them as long as they knew how to do so.
Whenever that skill was activated, he would see thin lines of bright white sprawled all over the surface of the item, something he quickly realized was something [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] already gave him access to, only without making the lines obvious by highlighting the imperfections.
With that, he grew more curious as to what kind of scene the skill would show him, only to be left at a loss for words as he took a few steps closer to the furnace, focusing all of his attention onto the item being heated up within it.
Gone were the lines of imperfection [Blacksmith's Sight] had made obvious to him back then. Instead, [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] showed the vambraces covered in one unified color, with multiple areas having a color that stood out from the majority. With the sight before him, Valyr finally understood what the skill meant by its description, focusing his attention on one of the areas that was of a different color from everything else.
The scales.
Deciding to experiment a bit more, Valyr activated the hyperfocus ability [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] granted him in conjunction with [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight]. Surprisingly, the combination had worked, allowing him to see the areas of mismatch on the item in greater detail, prompting him to focus his attention once more on the scales.
Though a great portion of the scales were still of a different color to the color that took over the majority of the vambraces, with the aid of the hyperfocus ability, Valyr was able to find out that the discoloration was gradually shrinking the longer the vambraces were in the furnace, prompting him to focus his attention onto other areas that were of a different color than the rest.
Fortunately, those other areas were also being resolved the same way the discoloration on the scales were, gradually disappearing the longer the vambraces stayed in the furnace. With that, he stabilized the temperature within the furnace with a bit of his mana, giving the discoloration time to go away before removing the modified vambraces out of the furnace to proceed with the final step of the upgrade.
Pulling out the stopper from the vial of Young Wyvern Blood he held, Valyr then allowed the blood to slowly trickle down onto the surface of the vambrace, which didn't sizzle off into blood vapor, surprisingly. Instead, it spread through the grooves between the Half Wyvern Scales he had placed out, gradually melding with the Azure Iron Essence underneath as it slowly took on a crimson tone.
Eventually, by the time all of the Young Wyvern Blood within the vial had been dispersed throughout the vambraces…
Ding!
[You have successfully modified the armor 'Half Wyvern Vambraces'.]
[Due to the immense modification done, the armor has gained the ability to tap into a far greater expanse of power it initially couldn't, thus increasing the armor's rarity to Rare+.]
[Thanks to this change, its name has been changed to 'Refined Young Wyvern Vambraces'.]
Chapter 320: A Grade Above

Hearing the string of notification sounds go off inside his mind, Valyr went ahead and brought up his notifications in front of him, his eyebrows raised in curiosity as his gaze was focused on the name of the upgraded vambraces, as well as the increased rarity of it.
"Rare+…" Muttering out the rarity the system had affixed to his newly improved vambraces, it surprisingly did not take long for Valyr to figure out the reason behind it, continuing to maintain a tranquil yet efficient mind throughout the whole process as he inwardly nodded in agreement at his conclusion. "The effect of [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight]."
From what Valyr could remember from the guide he was following, each step that involved an upgrade in rarity would only result in an increase of a minor grade, which was equivalent to having an item go from a rarity that had a plus mark, to the next rarity above it, such as going from Common+ to Uncommon grade.
Yet, due to the fact that he had triggered the effect of [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight], which involved making sure that all of the materials making up the equipment were in harmony, the upgrade, which was originally supposed to give him an increase of one minor grade in rarity, instead gave him two.
"Does this mean that if I go through the second round of upgrading and the effect triggers again, the rarity will increase by a full grade again?" Though the thought of having armor of high rarity at such a relatively low level was quite enticing to Valyr, a slight frown lingered on his face as he thought about how the effect of [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] would affect his Half Wyvern Armor set in the long run.
If it did not interfere in the upgrade process and only resulted in the final armor being a rarity or two above the intended rarity, then Valyr did not find it a nuisance, instead finding it a great blessing. However, if the activation of the skill stopped Valyr from reaching the final step of the guide…
"Haah…" Letting out a faint sigh as he imagined the possibility of the latter happening, Valyr eventually shrugged his shoulders as he thought to himself that there was nothing he could do if that happened. Of course, he could always forgo the usage of [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] while he upgraded the armor set to its higher rarities, but he felt like doing such a thing would be a great disservice since, to him, it seemed like he was limiting it from reaching its full potential.
With that, he decided to think of the second round of upgrading from a more relaxed perspective, thinking to himself that whether or not [True Prodigious Blacksmith's Sight] activates once more, he would still follow through all of the remaining steps listed on the guide.
"How insane would it be to have a set of Epic+ grade armor though?" Entertaining the possibility of the skill activating once more to increase the resulting item's rarity by an additional minor grade, Valyr went ahead and used [Analysis] on the newly improved vambrace, his eyes briefly widening in surprise as he looked through its description.
"Considering how vambraces give less defense than a chestplate, this is surprising."
Ding!
[(+10) Refined Young Wyvern Vambraces (Emulation)] (Level 20)
Rarity: Rare+
Defense: 36 - 60
Additional Attributes:
> VIT +11
> DEX + 24
Forged by a true prodigy in the field of blacksmithing, these vambraces were inspired by the Empyrean Dragon Armor of legends, with the blacksmith hoping that part of the legendary armor's strength could be emulated. Utilizing the subpar imitation the blacksmith had already forged in the past in the image of the legendary artifact as a base, the blacksmith had layered rarer and stronger materials on top of it, allowing the armor to emulate a greater portion of its strength.
Nevertheless, it is still a far cry from the real thing.
Although it's an improvement from the incredibly subpar imitation its base had achieved, this version of the armor is an item that could be considered an heirloom of a large clan with the strength it allows one to tap into. Yet, just like its base, great potential still slumbers within the vambraces, the possibility of it reaching a level of strength close to the Empyrean Dragon Armor now being greater than ever before.
<Innate Skill 1: Refined Grandeur of the Young Wyvern - Thanks to the power of Young Wyvern Blood infused within the armor, which has been amplified by the unity of all the equipment's materials, the level requirement for the armor has been reduced by 4 levels.>
<Innate Skill 2: Refined Wyvern's Breath - Allows the user to shoot out a wave of flames in front of them, targeting all enemies within a 8 meter radius, dealing damage equivalent to 300% of the user's Attack stat. Also inflicts Burn damage that deals 25% of the user's Attack stat every second, lasting for 10 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes. Cost: 1,000 MP.>
<Refined Young Wyvern Set | 1/6>
Set Effects:
- 2 pieces: Attack and Defense +15%
- 3 pieces: HP +1,200 and MP +800
- 4 pieces: Damage Increase and Damage Reduction +15%
- 6 pieces: All stats +6
Reading through the description of the newly improved vambraces, though Valyr was already expecting an increase in quality once the upgrade process was successful, the knowledge of knowing the equipment would undergo an improvement was still different from seeing it first-hand, considering that the piece of armor before him was one minor grade higher than originally intended.
"Since this innate skill upgraded, I can enhance this armor to Level 30 and I'd still be able to equip it." Focusing his attention on the first innate skill that had been improved thanks to the upgrade process, Valyr's eagerness to see the entire set fully upgraded had gone through the roof, the fire of motivation inside him burning with ever greater fervor.
With that, he went ahead and continued upgrading the five other pieces that made up the Half Wyvern Armor set he previously wore, all of them successfully being upgraded to the Refined Young Wyvern Armor set by the time a few hours had passed.
…
"I wonder if he's still upgrading his armor…" Deciding to leave Valyr off on his own earlier since he knew he'd be stuck in the private workshop for hours if he did not leave while he still had the chance, Braum muttered his thoughts out loud as he made his way to where Valyr was, wondering how the latter was faring after a few hours had passed.
"Sure enough, he still is." Eventually, by the time he was only a couple dozen meters away from the workshop's door, he heard the faint sound of metal tapping against metal from time to time, which only grew louder the closer he got. By the time he was at the entrance, the sound had become considerably loud, echoing throughout the room as he felt the workshop quake for a second.
Curious as to what was going on, Braum decided to head inside, instantly feeling the increase in ambient temperature as he felt the furnace at the far end of the workshop do its thing as he noticed a piece of armor placed in the center of it. Shifting his gaze, he eventually found Valyr slaving away in front of the anvil, making his way towards the latter to find out what the man was doing.
Once in front of him, Braum watched what Valyr was doing in silence, taking note of the tranquil expression on the man's face as he deftly placed a considerably darker scale on top of one of the dark scales already on the armor, using the enlarged tweezers he held to nudge the new scale in position. Then, grabbing the forging hammer he had placed to the side, he tapped the new scale with a bit of force behind it, causing the scale underneath to turn into dust as Braum's eyes widened in disbelief.
"Shh…" However, before the man could even voice out to Valyr that he was destroying his equipment, Valyr stopped Braum from making noise, glancing at the man watching the entire process unfold for a bit before returning his attention to the armor before him, placing yet another new scale on top of one of the old scales. "This is part of the upgrade process."
"Is destroying the scales underneath really part of the upgrade process?" With a slight frown, Braum grumbled in a mutter as he watched Valyr place another new scale on top of one of the old scales, noticing that the new scales on the armor were placed in a way that they were spaced out the same distance from one another.
Though, just as he was about to ask the one forging why he decided to do that, Valyr grabbed Braum's attention and shifted it towards the new scale he had placed earlier, causing the latter to focus his gaze on it as he wondered why the young man called his attention for something he considered as trivial.
Instead, what he saw was that the dust from the old scales were being absorbed by the new scales, which prompted the new scales to take on an even deeper shade of black, now looking as if they were dark jewels polished to perfection.
"And… done." After putting the last new scale on the armor piece he was working on, Valyr briefly nodded in satisfaction as he picked the armor piece up with tongs before placing it in the furnace, taking out the piece of armor that was already in there earlier before placing it on the anvil.
At first, Braum thought that Valyr was going to let the piece of armor on the anvil cool down first before taking a look at it, considering that some of the scales on the armor's surface seemed to be new scales he had watched the latter placed on the piece of armor earlier. However, contrary to his mundane expectations, Valyr instead summoned forth a great amount of his mana before allowing all of it to be absorbed by the piece of armor in front of him.
Whoosh!
For a few seconds, the piece of armor on the anvil glowed a light blue as faint inscriptions lit up all over the armor's surface, prompting the armor to give off an aura that even Braum found slightly intimidating. Nevertheless, this phenomenon gradually disappeared a few seconds later as a string of notifications resounded within Valyr's mind.
Ding!
[You have successfully modified the armor 'Refined Young Wyvern Vambraces'.]
[Due to the immense modification done, the armor has gained the ability to tap into a far greater expanse of power it initially couldn't, thus increasing the armor's rarity to Epic.]
[Thanks to this change, its name has been changed to 'Nascent Wyvern Vambraces'.]
…
…
[Due to the immense feat you have achieved, you have gained the title 'Forger of Epics'.]
Chapter 321: Exchange Of Secrets

Whoosh!
As Valyr opened up a notification screen within his mind to take a look at the notifications he had just received, a wave of energy swiftly coursed throughout his body out of nowhere, catching him off guard. Though he did not know where the wave of energy had come from, he allowed the energy to do as it pleased after he was certain that there was no malicious intent behind it.
With that, he stood in place as he allowed the wave of energy to move through his body, noticing that he was slowly gaining a greater understanding of the inner workings of his body. By the time the wave of energy had reached the upper portion of his body, most of the energy making up the wave went towards his mind, becoming absorbed by the latter as he felt like he now had a greater understanding of everything that was going on around him.
Then, as if he was being led by this energy, he gradually shifted his gaze towards the piece of armor he had just forged to completion, only for another wave of energy to appear out of nowhere and course through his body once more. However, unlike before where he had gained a greater understanding of himself and his surroundings, he felt like he now had a greater understanding of piece of armor on the anvil, gaining the ability to dissect it into parts in his mind.
Though, after mulling over the newfound feeling he had gained for a bit, he soon realized that the understanding he had gained from the piece of armor was not related to the armor itself. Instead, he had gained insight into one of the mechanics that surrounded the armor he was currently staring at.
Its rarity.
Coming to this realization, Valyr focused his attention onto the list of notifications he commanded the system to show him in his mind, eventually coming across the final notification. 'So, it would be safe to assume that this newfound knowledge I've obtained came from this title, huh?'
'Then again, this isn't the first time I've obtained the title.' Slightly grinning at the thought, Valyr commanded the system to bring up the description of the title, wondering to himself if it was the same title he had obtained back then as a player. However, just as a small screen containing its description appeared within his mind, he was left with no choice but to save the matter for later as Braum took up his attention.
"What… did you just do?" With his mouth slightly agape, Braum stared at Valyr, recalling the unique aura that was emanating from him just a while ago. After that, he shifted his attention onto the intricate-looking vambraces on the anvil, now getting the feeling that a strong creature was slumbering within it.
Though, if he were to be a bit more specific, Braum felt as if a part that made up the strong creature he envisioned was slumbering within it.
Nevertheless, even though that kind of thought lingered in his mind, he returned his gaze to Valyr, knowing that the young man in front of him was the only one capable of explaining what just happened not long ago. Unfortunately, the answer that Valyr was going to him would disappoint him greatly as the young man faintly shrugged his shoulders in response. "I upgraded my armor."
Listening to the young man's words, Braum could not stop himself from glaring at him for a short bit since what the man had told him was something he already knew. With that in mind, he let out a faint sigh after a bit of silence, deciding to approach the situation from another perspective instead. "I know you upgraded your armor. After all, that's what you told me earlier."
"What I want to know instead is what happened after you infused mana into your armor." Braum looked at Valyr with a calm expression. "Your entire aura changed for a bit, you know? Plus, there's the fact that your armor decided to glow after you imbued mana into it. It would definitely be nice if you could give me a good explanation."
"Any specific reason as to why you wanna know?" In response, Valyr looked back at the man in armor as he took out the second piece of armor that had gone through the second step, moving the vambraces to the side as he placed the new piece of armor on the anvil to give it space to cool down.
"So?"
"Call it curiosity, I guess." Braum shrugged his shoulders. "Since I'm part of one of the reconnaissance teams that was tasked to find your whereabouts back then, I know that part of the reason why the guild was on the lookout for your whereabouts is due to your current class. Even the weapons you had given us as thanks for helping you out on your quest was more than enough for me to realize that you're no ordinary blacksmith."
"In any case, now that I think about it, you don't really have to answer my question." Scratching his head for a bit, Braum looked at the young man. "I've got secrets you don't know, so it's a given that you have secrets I don't know, so I'll respect that."
"The change in aura you felt from me was probably due to the title I just gained." Seeing as Braum had not beat around the bush regarding his reason, even going so far as telling him that he did not necessarily have to answer, Valyr decided to reciprocate the response. "Of course, I won't tell you what specific title since, as you just mentioned, we both have secrets we want to keep to ourselves."
"As for the glow on the armor…" Saying these words, Valyr shifted his gaze onto the upgraded vambraces before activating [Analysis], causing a light blue haze to form around his eyes as he gained information on the item. Then, looking through the item's description for a bit, Valyr eventually looked back at Braum, a faint yet confident smile creeping up onto his lips.
"A simple [Analysis] would be enough for you to find that out."
Chapter 322: Weight Of One's Actions

"Is that so?" Though Braum was doubtful of Valyr's claim, he decided to follow the man's words as he noticed the faint smile adorning the young man's face, knowing that he would not tell him to do that for no apparent reason. With that, he activated his identification skill before focusing his attention towards the vambraces, a slightly darker blue haze forming around his eyes sometime later.
Not long after, a screen containing information on the vambraces appeared in front of him, prompting Braum to go ahead and read through all of it. Though, by the time he was finished reading through the entire description, he looked back at Valyr with slightly widened eyes, looking at the man not too far away with an expression that was a mix of disbelief and awe.
Ding!
[(+10) Nascent Wyvern Vambraces (Emulation)] (Level 20)
Rarity: Epic
Defense: 58 - 97
Additional Attributes:
> VIT +14
> DEX + 27
Forged by a true prodigy in the field of blacksmithing… description has been omitted.
<Innate Skill 1: Might of the Nascent Wyvern - Thanks to the power of Young Wyvern Blood infused within the armor resonating with the Young Wyvern Scales on the armor's surface, the level requirement for the armor has been reduced by 5 levels.>
<Innate Skill 2: Breath of the Nascent Wyvern - Allows the user to shoot out a wave of flames in front of them, targeting all enemies within a 15 meter radius in front of the user, dealing damage equivalent to 400% of the user's Attack stat. Also inflicts Burn damage that deals 40% of the user's Attack stat every second, lasting for 10 seconds. Cooldown: 10 minutes. Cost: 2,000 MP.>
<Innate Skill 3: Rage of the Nascent Wyvern - Allows the user to tap into the power of the Nascent Wyvern contained within the armor, boosting all physical stats of the user except VIT by 10% for 5 minutes. Stacks multiplicatively with other stat boosting skills. Cooldown: 10 minutes. Cost: 500 MP.>
<Nascent Wyvern Set | 1/6>
Set Effects:
- 2 pieces: Attack and Defense +20%
- 3 pieces: HP +1,800 and MP +1,000
- 4 pieces: Damage Increase and Damage Reduction +20%
- 6 pieces: All stats +8
Remarks: You've got your hands on a piece of armor even the strongest beings within this world would be envious of.
"You… you forged this?" Taking in a couple of deep breaths to compose himself, Braum went ahead and posed to Valyr the question that seemed incredibly obvious to ask. Unsurprisingly, Valyr raised his eyebrow in response as he looked back at the man in armor, wondering why he asked the question even though he already knew the answer.
"You're watching me upgrade my armor, right? Since that's the case, where'd the question come from?"
"I know the question's incredibly stupid..." In response to Valyr's words, a bitter smile appeared on Braum's face. "But hear me out. Most of the high-end equipment I've come across, even as someone at the peak of Rank 4, is at Rare grade, with only a few being at Rare+ grade."
"In fact, the Rare grade weapons you've given to me and my comrades make up a decent chunk of the high-end equipment I've come across. As for the number of Rare+ grade equipment I've seen or come across, both of my hands would be more than enough to count it out."
"Now, how many Epic grade equipment do you think I've seen or come across in the past?" Posing this question to the young man, Braum stood in silence as he listened to Valyr respond that he had seen a couple or a few at the very least. However, in response to Valyr's answer, he slowly shook his head before opening his mouth once more.
"The correct answer… is one." Braum looked at Valyr with a solemn expression before briefly shifting his gaze towards the vambraces. "This piece of armor you've forged is the first piece of Epic grade equipment I've come across in my life."
Hearing those words, Valyr went silent for a bit, recalling the general rarity of equipment players had on hand during the various versions of Greater Beyond. Rummaging through the memories he had regarding the first version of Greater Beyond, he focused on the equipment he had back then, as well as the equipment his friends had, quickly coming to the conclusion that he was way ahead of the curve when it came to equipment.
Most of the players at the top rankings during Greater Beyond's first version had equipment at Rare grade, with some at Rare+ grade. Those that were catching up, on the other hand, were not that far behind, with their equipment being Uncommon+ grade at the very least.
At first, Valyr did not find it too much of a problem, considering that his equipment so far had been hovering around the Uncommon+ grade for quite some time. However, when he looked through his memories a bit longer, that's only when he noticed the crucial piece of information that changed how he looked at what he was doing.
All of the equipment he had mentioned earlier that players had… were only obtained by the time they were already nearing the level limit of the first version, which was Level 100.
He was only Level 26.
"Does the guild not have Epic grade equipment?" In the midst of sorting out his thoughts after this realization, Valyr looked at Braum and posed a question that he felt like he should find out the answer to. In response, Braum briefly shrugged his shoulders as a look of slight contemplation appeared on his face.
"It does, but how many specifically… I don't know." Braum faintly shook his head. "All I know is that most of the equipment at that grade go to the elders of the guild, with the strongest ones ending up in the hands of the guild's Grand Protector."
"I see." Nodding in response, Valyr went silent for a bit before proceeding to infuse mana onto the piece of armor on the anvil, allowing it to reach the same stage of power as the vambraces from earlier. After that, he placed both the vambraces and the other piece of armor to the side before grabbing a new one, deciding to work on the chestplate for now.
"I don't know if you're just here to check up on me or whatever, but could you get me some food to eat?" Placing the chestplate into the furnace as he cranked up the heat, Valyr made a request to the man in armor as a wry smile adorned his face. "I'm starving."
"You're still not done?" With slight incredulity, Braum asked this question to the man, to which Valyr responded by slowly shaking his head with the smile still on his face. Briefly scratching his head at the answer he got, he eventually let out a faint sigh before nodding, asking Valyr what he wanted to eat before leaving the young man on his own once more.
Seeing that he was alone yet again, Valyr shifted his attention back to the furnace, watching the chestplate gradually heat up to the optimal temperature as he thought about the things he had pondered over earlier. For a while, a slight frown appeared on his face as he thought about how he would break the balance of power within the world he was in due to the fact that he had the ability to forge high rarity equipment, constantly at that.
Though, after some time, this frown was replaced with a confident grin as he thought about his current situation from another perspective. "Then again, the fact that I could forge a lot of high rarity equipment is definitely a great way to kickstart the founding of an organization for the final battle."
With that in mind, he decided that he was going to continue what he was already doing and not limit himself like what he had done to himself before.
After all…
Who were they to stop him?
Chapter 323: Saving The Best For Last

Whoosh!
"Haah… and that's the last piece of armor for the set finally done with the upgrade." Watching as the aura surrounding the final armor piece to undergo through the upgrade process began to intensify, Valyr let out a long sigh of relief after he had received a string of notifications that confirmed to him that the upgrade had been successful, finally giving his body and mind some quality time to rest.
Ever since Valyr had returned to the private workshop after they grabbed his Half Wyvern Armor set from the inn, he had not allowed his entire being to take a rest at all throughout the two sessions of upgrading he had done on the armor. Then again, he did find some time to give a part of him some respite, allowing his mind to rest up as his body focused on a monotonous action, or allowing his body to take a rest as multiple things went on his mind while he kept an eye on the furnace.
Nevertheless, due to how long he had been staying at the workshop, even the small break he had taken once Braum had returned with the food he asked him to buy was not enough time for Valyr's body and mind to return to its peak condition. In any case, though he still had one more thing to do in the workshop before he was certain that he had done everything in his list, he found solace in the fact that he was finally finished with the tedious task that made up most of it.
Unsurprisingly, the tedious task in mind was upgrading all of the armor pieces. Twice.
Letting out a deep sigh as he thought that he should finish his task while he still had the time, he took a look outside the window that he could see from the door that led out of the private workshop, only to find out that it had already turned into night. Briefly scratching his head as a faint bitter smile appeared on his face, he turned his attention back to the private workshop, picking up one of the armor pieces that made up the new Nascent Wyvern Armor set before placing it on the anvil.
"Let's hope the heavens are on my side." Taking in a deep breath to regain his composure as he inwardly made a quick prayer to the heavens for a bit of increased luck, Valyr grabbed the forging hammer he had placed nearby before proceeding to hit the piece of armor he had placed on the anvil, starting the final task he set out to do in the workshop before heading to Astarto Village.
Enhancing and refining all of his equipment.
Thanks to the fact that he had a better version of the [Basic Equipment Enhancement] skill due to his class, it only took around 10 minutes or so for Valyr to increase the level of the armor on the anvil to the highest it could go, which was Level 31.
While doing so, he thought about enhancing the piece of armor to a level beyond that number, considering that he still had a lot of XP to allocate evenly between his skills and his level. In the end, he decided that he would only upgrade it to Level 31 for now and upgrade them once more after he was done allocating the XP he still had.
With that, he swiftly enhanced all of the pieces making up the Nascent Wyvern Armor set to Level 31, taking only slightly a bit above an hour to go through all of them. Once he was done, he took a look at their improved stats through [Analysis], prompting him to whistle at how much of an improvement the equipments' stats had undergone.
After admiring the significant improvement the enhancement brought to the equipments' Defense stat, Valyr psyched himself once more, telling himself that he would only need to enhance his weapon to his current level once he was successful in refining all of the armor pieces to +20.
Asking the heavens to be on his side once more through the process, Valyr swung his hammer down on the armor pieces yet again, this time activating his own version of [Basic Equipment Refinement] on the piece of armor as he began his attempt at refining equipment beyond what was deemed the safe limit of refinement.
As mentioned in the past, one was guaranteed to refine their equipment to +10 as long as it was done under the hands of a capable blacksmith, which was the reason why it was called the safe limit of refinement. However, if one aimed to achieve a refinement level that exceeded +10, the chances of going beyond +10 gradually became smaller the farther one went, with the only method available to guarantee a refinement level beyond +10 being the usage of Refinement Jewels.
Of course, Valyr had no Refinement Jewel on hand whatsoever at the moment, instead believing in the increased success rate his version of the [Basic Equipment Refinement] skill contained as he began the refinement process.
Deciding to take his time in making sure that he brought a great portion of the latent potential lurking within the piece of armor, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he obtained a notification from the system that the armor had been successfully refined to +11. Gaining a bit of confidence that he could possibly refine all of his armor pieces to +20, he went ahead and continued to take his time during the refinement, obtaining a notification sometime later that he had succeeded in refining it to +12.
Unfortunately, during the attempt to improve the refinement on the armor piece to +13, Valyr felt like the latent potential he had been pulling out of the armor went into disarray, dissipating not long after as he received a notification from the system that his attempt at refining the piece of armor to +13 had failed. On top of that, the system told him that he could still afford to fail two more times before he would become unable to refine the piece of armor for the day.
Wondering to himself if there was a system like that for refinement back when he was still a player, Valyr continued with his attempts at refinement, losing a bit of the cautiousness he had earlier after being told by the system that he basically had three attempts at achieving a refinement level of +20 for each armor piece before the system would stop him.
Though he slightly sped up his movements as he thought about how he would only be able to return to the inn late at night if he didn't, it still took a couple of hours for Valyr to finish going through all of the refining attempts the system had allocated to him for each armor piece, the final result of which somewhat disappointed him, yet somewhat surprised him at the same time.
For his helmet, greaves, and boots, Valyr was able to achieve a refinement level of +13 on all of them, exhausting all three attempts on each armor piece as he aimed to get a high refinement level on all of them. Unfortunately, he was forced to settle for a level that was far from the limit of what an Epic grade piece of equipment could have, though it was still a lot when taking into consideration the grand scheme of things.
As for his pauldrons and chestplate, he had achieved a refinement level of +14 on both of them, learning from the three pieces of armor from earlier to not push his luck too much, thinking that reaching a refinement level that was only one level below the limit of what a Rare grade piece of equipment could achieve was a superb result, considering that he still had no access to Refinement Jewels.
With how this armor piece was the first to undergo through both upgrade processes, Valyr had saved the vambraces for last, hoping that the fact that this piece of armor was the first to go through both processes would work in his favor.
And surprisingly, it did.
By the end of his three attempts at increasing the refinement level on the vambraces, he had achieved a refinement level of +16, causing him to take in a few deep breaths to make sure that he stopped himself from acting on impulse and attempting another increase at the vambraces' refinement level.
Thinking that he should try to get his hands on some Refinement Jewels before he went through the Four Pillars' Inheritance, Valyr went ahead and used [Analysis] on his vambraces to see how much of a difference the increase in refinement and enhancement level brought to the equipment's stats, commanding the system to only give him a condensed version of the screen.
Ding!
[(+16) Nascent Wyvern Vambraces (Emulation)] (Level 31)
Rarity: Epic
Defense: 101 - 168
Additional Attributes:
> …
"Holy heck." Letting out a long sigh at the Defense stat his vambraces showed him, Valyr thought about how invincible he would become once he had all pieces of the Nascent Wyvern Armor set equipped, taking into consideration the fact that vambraces were one of the two pieces of armor that were on the low end when it came to stats.
Deciding that he would find out how true this statement was once he returned to Astarto Village, he then went ahead and placed his trusty spear on the anvil, his mind somewhat relaxed as he thought to himself that he would only have to enhance his weapon to his current level and he would be done.
While enhancing his weapon, he pondered over how there was now a great disparity in rarity between his weapon and his armor set, with the former still staying at Uncommon+ while the latter was now Epic grade.
Contemplating over ways how he could increase the rarity of his weapon, he rummaged through the general guides to upgrading spears he had come across in the past in his mind, eventually recalling that one of the easiest ways to upgrade spears was to upgrade the material that made up the spear as a whole.
"Since my spear is somewhat related to blood, I guess fusing some Sanguine Mithril into the weapon would make it upgrade." Thinking about what materials he could get his hands on to upgrade the spear to a higher rarity, Valyr thought about it for a bit and decided to focus the upgrade on one aspect of the spear that he felt like he could use as a base. However, not long after, a voice responded to his question.
"I recommend you to choose another type of metal for the upgrade…"
"Master."
Chapter 324: An Unforeseen Conversation

"Master?" Hearing someone respond to his statement out of nowhere, and in such a somewhat odd way at that, Valyr swiftly look around his surroundings, wondering if someone from the Imperial Production Guild had decided to enter the private workshop since it was already late into the night. After all, there was a limit as to how long he could stay within the guild as a non-member.
However, after looking around the private workshop for a couple minutes, Valyr was unable to find any other person inside other than himself. Even releasing a bit of his mana into the surroundings to act as a rough detector for life did not yield any results whatsoever, with the only other things to accompany him within the workshop being inanimate.
"I swear I must've heard someone talk." Scratching his head for a bit, he eventually returned to the anvil and finished enhancing his spear to the highest level it could go, the words from earlier still lingering in his mind. "I think I should really take a break."
Pondering over his current condition for a bit in relation to the response he had heard earlier, Valyr thought that he was now beginning to hallucinate since it had been quite some time since he had eaten what he considered to be his breakfast and lunch, with dinner still nowhere near in sight for the current him. Aside from that, he had pushed his body and mind to its utmost limits during the upgrade process for his set of armor, as well as during the enhancement and refinement process.
Of course, he had pushed his body and mind even further in the past, with the time he had forged a set of weapons for Braum and his group being the most recent example of when he had done such a thing. However, unlike when he was forging the weapons, he felt like his mind was running on overdrive ever since he had begun the upgrading process, causing him to feel far more tired than usual even though he had spent around the same amount of time when compared to the time he had spent forging those weapons.
Deciding that he would wrap up work as soon as possible and get his body the nutrients and rest it sorely needed, Valyr slightly sped up his movements while enhancing his spear's level, making sure that each level that he applied was still successful.
By the time around 15 minutes had passed since he had returned to working on his spear, Valyr let out a long sigh of relief as he looked at the newly enhanced spear on the anvil, the expression on his face that of a faint bitter smile as he affixed his spear to his back before proceeding to insert a bit of mana into the furnace to finally shut it off.
"I'll leave it up to Braum to take care of this." After shutting off the magic-powered furnace, he then took a look at the state of the private workshop he had been using for the entire day, noticing that there was quite a decent amount of random stuff scattered all throughout the workshop, with none of them even being remotely useful to him.
Though, just as he thought about cleaning up the workshop a bit before he left to return to the inn, the wave of tiredness he had been suppressing all this time finally washed over him, causing him to inwardly apologize to the man who had helped him procure the items he had used in his upgrades as he made his way out of the Imperial Production Guild, thankful that there was still an exit he could use to leave the premises.
"I'll have to make it up to him one way or another." Murmuring to himself as he finally left the Imperial Production Guild, Valyr felt his mind start to gradually recover its energy, allowing him to regain his somewhat lost sense of clarity as he thought about getting a light meal to eat along the way before returning to the inn to get a good night's rest.
With that, he began to take a detour to a nearby restaurant he had noted down a couple of days ago as he allowed his mind to wander off for a bit, noticing that his mind still felt like it was immensely focused on a certain aspect for some reason. Though he now had an idea of what was causing it now that he was out of the guild, Valyr decided to leave it be, seeing that he would have to find a way to keep it constantly active at some point in the future anyway.
While making his way to the restaurant, Valyr thought back to the statement he had heard from earlier, now being able to give the statement a bit more thought to it than he was able to earlier. Surprisingly, he had come to the conclusion that he was not hallucinating and that there was indeed someone else who was listening in on his brief brainstorming.
"But who could it be?" Pondering over it for a bit more, he then tried to recall the characteristics of the voice he had earlier, quickly remembering that the voice was somewhat feminine in terms of pitch and tone. Aside from that, he felt that the voice had become soft when it had mentioned the word 'Master', which Valyr had no choice but to think that the word was pertaining to him.
"Hmm…" Allowing the thoughts in his mind to linger, Valyr found his mind's currently abnormal state to be helping him out in this regard, quickly removing all of the what-ifs in his mind as he felt himself get closer to the answer he was finding. Fortunately, a bit of thinking outside the box was the only thing stopping him from getting his needed answer as he stopped in his tracks and slowly gazed at the spear behind his back.
"Can you hear me?" Taking in a deep breath, Valyr softly asked a question through his spear, taking into consideration the current circumstances he was in. Aside from that, he had also voiced out the same question in his mind, considering that the connection that he and his spear had was rooted in his soul.
Amidst the silence after his question, Valyr composed his emotions as he continued to look at the spear behind his back. Thankfully, it did not take long for the young man to get the response he wanted to get.
"…Yes."
"Is there something I can help you with?"
"Master?"
Chapter 325: Talks Of A Future

"Master…" Though he was inwardly glad to find out that his conclusion had turned out to be correct, Valyr still had a visceral reaction to his spear's words, slightly shuddering for a brief moment as a bitter smile appeared on his face. "That definitely isn't something I could get used to so easily."
"In any case, I guess this is the first time we've properly talked with one another." Deciding to leave the matter of how he was called be for now, Valyr began to walk once more, continuing to make his way in the direction of the restaurant he had in mind as he moved what he considered to be a long conversation with his spear to his mind. "You can hear my thoughts, right?"
"I can, Master." A soft voice resounded in his mind in response. "I also find it delightful that I am finally able to talk you, Master. After all, you're the one who has made me the way I currently am."
pdα`no1`сoМ "For some reason, I can't help but feel like you're blaming me, even though the emotions I'm sensing you say otherwise." Valyr inwardly chuckled in response to his spear's words. "Anyways, you don't mind if I ask you a few questions, right?"
"That would not be a bother at all, Master." Feeling as if the spear had shook its head in response to his question, Valyr faintly nodded as a response to the answer, stopping for a bit to reorient himself to where the restaurant was before returning his attention back to the conversation he was having.
"Alright," said Valyr. "Before I begin, do you have a name you came up with that you would like me to call you or something?"
"I do not," answered the spear in response, giving Valyr the feeling that it had shaken its head. "If Master has a name that he would like to give to me, then I would gladly accept it."
"I'm not really that good with names, but let me see what I can come up with." Feeling a wry smile creep up on his face as he responded to his spear's words, Valyr continued to walk along the streets of Algerie City as he pondered over a suitable name for it. By the time he had arrived in front of the restaurant, which was still fortunately open at this hour of the night, he had come up with a name for the spear, seating himself and having his order taken first before proceeding to continue his conversation.
"Hmm… since your color is a darker shade of blood red, I've been thinking about words that have relation to the word 'blood'," Valyr said to his spear. "In the end, I've thought about naming you Sanguine, or Sana in short since you first responded to my words after I suggested upgrading you with Sanguine Mithril. Then again… are you fine with that kind of name?"
"Sanguine…" the spear, whose name was now Sana, muttered the word a few times as its voice resounded in Valyr's mind for a while. After some time, a feeling of delight radiated from the spear as Sana replied to his question not long after.
"How could I turn down such a beautiful name, Master?"
Ding!
[Your weapon 'Spear of the Prodigious Tidemother' has now changed its name to 'Sanguine, Spear of the Prodigious Tidemother'.]
"Well, I'm happy that you find it beautiful." Taking a look at the notification he had just received from the system, which caused a faint smile to appear on his face for a brief moment, Valyr went ahead and asked Sana the question that had been lingering in his mind even before he had proven his conclusion to be true.
"Your name aside, mind telling me why you told me to choose another metal to use for your upgrade?"
"That would be due to the fact that the material you suggested would be incompatible with me, Master." Hearing these words from Sana, Valyr went silent for a bit as he allowed the spear to explain itself. Concurrently, the meal he had ordered had finally been served, allowing him to start eating as he listened to the spear's explanation.
"Although Sanguine Mithril would be a great material for upgrading equipment related to blood, the type of blood that I have absorbed has a different property when compared to the blood Sanguine Mithril is leaning towards," explained Sana to him. "To be more exact, the Lesser Tidemother Blood you've made me absorb is considered cold-type blood, while Sanguine Mithril improves anything that involves hot-type blood."
"Should I use something else like Frigid Crimson Essence to upgrade you, then?" asked Valyr after Sana was done explaining, his body gradually relaxing the more food he ate. "Or would it be better to give you something like Refined Cold Bloodsteel?"
"Both of them would definitely upgrade my capabilities to the next level, but neither of them would be something I'd consider as the best path to take." Hearing Sana's response to his suggestions of other materials, Valyr briefly raised his eyebrow in curiosity as he allowed his spear to talk once more, finding it somewhat refreshing.
"Compared to the items you just mentioned, there's one item that would allow me to obtain the best possible upgrade, Master. In fact, that item comes from a source that you have no problem in dealing with." At these words, Valyr had a hint of confusion on his face as he wondered what his spear meant by that. Though, with the help of his currently enhanced mental capabilities, it did not take long for him to put two and two together and realize what Sana meant.
"How could I forget about the Tidemother…" Slapping himself on the forehead as he briefly shook his head, Valyr let out a faint sigh as he swiftly finished the remainder of his meal before proceeding to make his way back to the inn.
"You're talking about the Tidemother, right?"
"I am, Master," Sana replied. "To be more specific, fortifying the material that makes up my entire body with parts from the Lesser Tidemother would be enough for me to upgrade to the next level."
"And after that?"
"I'm sure Master has already thought about that. Naturally, the blood and the parts of a Greater Tidemother would allow me to improve even further."
"It feels like I'm upgrading the Half Wyvern Armor all over again." Finding the upgrade materials of both his weapon and his armor set similar in the way that they both utilize parts from strong creatures, Valyr let out a brief chuckle as he found the thought amusing. "In any case, I find that a great relief."
"I'll be heading back to Astarto Village to help the village defend against the monster tide, after all." In response to the words that Valyr said to Sana, the latter radiated a feeling of expectation and delight. Though, not long after, these feelings were swiftly replaced with contemplation as Sana's creator asked the spear a question.
"Now that I think about it, it's quite odd," Valyr said to Sana through his mind. "The level of our bond is currently at Level 2, yet we're already talking with one another, which is only something that could be done once our bond has reached Level 3."
"With that in mind, how are you talking to me right now?"
"To be honest, I don't know the answer to that question either, Master." Responding to Valyr's question, Sana radiated a bit of a glum feeling towards its creator. "However, if there's one thing I'm certain of, it's that there's something within your memories that prompted me to wake up and be able to converse with you, Master."
"What memory?" Confused, Valyr went ahead and asked Sana as to what memory it was pertaining to, only for the expression on his face to become solemn as the latter responded not long after.
"The specific details of the various memories are quite hazy, but I'm certain that they mention the same thing."
"Something about the Age of the Grand Tide…"
Chapter 326: Butterfly Effect

"Are you sure those memories tackled something called the Age of the Grand Tide, Sana?" With a solemn expression still adorning his face, Valyr asked a question back to his spear as he stopped in his tracks, wanting to know more about the matter before continuing his way back to the inn. "Is it possible for you to go over through some of those memories with me?"
"I'll try to recall them to the best of my abilities, Master," said Sana in response, its voice echoing within Valyr's mind. "After gaining the ability to talk with you, I've lost the ability to go through a great portion of the memories within your mind for some reason, so I apologize if the details I give to you aren't the most specific."
"That's not a problem." In response to his spear's words, Valyr assured Sana that he didn't need any specific information regarding the memories it had seen, just some broad details that would allow him to narrow down through his treasure trove of memories and confirm his suspicions.
Nevertheless, the fact that Sana mentioned to him that it had lost the ability to go through most of his memories made him raise his eyebrow in curiosity for a brief moment, wondering if weapon bonds had such an ability like that for NPCs in the first place.
Thinking that he could obtain the answer to this question alongside other questions he had racked up so far after making a quick visit to the city's library in the near future, Valyr placed the matter at the back of his head for now, moving once more in the direction of the inn as he attentively listened to what Sana had to say.
"If what I can remember from looking through your memories is correct, the images I saw from your memories was that of a sight of a landscape where monsters of all various shapes and sizes covered a great portion of it. On the other hand, people like you, Master, covered a small portion of that landscape." After a bit of silence, Sana proceeded to tell Valyr what it could recall from looking through the latter's memories.
"However, unlike the monsters, which all seemed to be filled to the brim with energy, all of you had multiple injuries, some light, some severe. Nevertheless, the overall feeling that I was getting from the side that was filled with people was that of hopelessness. It was as if it was only then did they realize that the number of monsters before them truly seemed to be never ending… or something along those lines."
"Hmm…" Pondering over his spear's description of one of the memories it had seen, Valyr went silent as he rummaged through his memories while continuing to make his way back to the inn, eventually coming across multiple memories that more or less matched up what Sana had described to him.
With the context behind these memories varying from one another, with some being memories regarding the highest level of monster tides, while others tackled monster tides far worse than even the highest level, he eventually came to the conclusion that he needed a bit more information regarding the memories Sana saw to confirm his suspicions, asking the latter if it was possible for it to recall yet another memory.
Hearing Valyr's request, Sana responded back that it would try its best to recall another one, going silent once more as Valyr waited with bated breath, gradually becoming more and more nervous as time passed. Fortunately, by the time he was only a couple streets away from the inn he and Wells were staying at, Sana had recalled yet another memory that had triggered its awakening, causing the young man to stop in his tracks as he listened once more to what his spear had to say.
"Unlike the memory I described earlier where there were a lot of monsters, there's only one monster in this one." Sana began its description of the new memory with a stark contrast between the current one it was describing and the previous one it had already described. "However, in terms of size, this monster more or less spanned the same area those monsters from the previous memory covered, if not more."
Continuing to listen in silence, Valyr rummaged through his treasure trove of memories once again, narrowing down the list of possibilities as Sana continued to give him more and more information regarding the specific memory it had seen.
"This monster had 20 legs, with each leg giving off the feeling that it seemed to have come from the skies above whenever it touched the ground," Sana told him. "In comparison, there were over hundreds of openings on its underside, all of them giving me the feeling that the memory from earlier would occur if any one of those opened up."
"Do you still perhaps recall the name of the specific monster, Sana?" By this point, Valyr had already narrowed it down to a single memory, a grim expression now adorning his face as this second memory had more or less confirmed his suspicions. To be honest, he didn't really need to ask Sana this question as he already knew the answer.
Then again, it was still better to find out to be sure.
"Er… I'm not too sure about this one, Master." As Sana responded to his question, it radiated off a feeling of uncertainty. "But from what I can recall, the first word was Arachnaris…"
"Arachnaris…" Valyr muttered in response. "Arachnaris, the Ancestral Tidemother of Origin?"
"Yes! That's the one, Master!" Sana swiftly affirmed Valyr's guess. "That's the name of the monster in the memory."
"I see." Nodding in response to Sana's words, Valyr thanked his spear for cooperating with him as he contemplated over everything he had found out from Sana thus far, a pensive expression adorning his face as he eventually returned to the inn.
pαndα`no1~сoМ Heading straight to the room they were occupying, Wells quickly found Wells already sound asleep, prompting him to head to the portion of the room he occupied as he inwardly let out a long sigh. 'Out of all the memories it had to go through, it really stumbled upon those ones, huh.'
Though Sana stumbling upon those memories of his did not seem like much in the grand scheme of things, to Valyr, it signaled the start of something he had already expected to happen at some point, which was the fact that everything would begin to deviate from what he knew as a player thanks to his actions.
Of course, he had a feeling that it had already begun to deviate after he had obtained the World Quest concerning the storyline of Greater Beyond's first version. However, Sana stumbling upon those memories only made him realize that it had deviated even more.
That was because the Age of the Grand Tide Sana mentioned…
…was the storyline of Greater Beyond's third version.
Chapter 327: Heading To One's Roots

Allowing himself to immerse in his own thoughts, Valyr pondered over everything he had done so far to get to where he was right now, eventually wondering about something that he should have asked himself in the first place.
'Is there some greater reason behind why I was reborn to a time before Greater Beyond had begun? Why I was reborn as an NPC?'
Going over through every action he had done in the past, Valyr eventually thought that each of his actions had caused a slight change to happen to the storyline, with some of them being less pronounced than the others. Then again, that was due to the possibility that the small action would only cause a change at a point far into the future, which Valyr had a certain feeling that it would happen at that point in time.
A great example of an action he had done in the past that might have some great repercussions far into the future was him introducing the existence of Basic Reinforcement Elixir to Damian and Tristan, and by extension, the entire Astarto Village. As far as he could remember, it took a long time for players to stumble across the existence of Reinforcement Elixirs in the first place, with the first few players to come across it having discovered their existence at large cities and core cities.
After discovering Reinforcement Elixirs, players began to use these elixirs en masse, with the NPCs from the towns and villages eventually asking the players about it at some point. It was only then did the NPCs from these smaller settlements begin to use Reinforcement Elixirs en masse as well.
A point that was originally supposed to happen around half a year into Greater Beyond's first version.
A point over one and a half years into the future.
On the other side of the spectrum regarding actions that caused changes to the currently storyline was the World Quest he had obtained quite some time ago from Aster, which pertained to the storyline of Greater Beyond's first version.
Though it could be considered that its effects would only become truly pronounced once the storyline was at full swing, after reading through the quest's description, gaining information from others, as well as a bit of self-contemplation, he had come to the realization that the change the World Quest had on the storyline was, in fact, far greater than he thought.
Unlike his initial thoughts where he thought that completing the World Quest would only have a greater effect once the first version of Greater Beyond were released, Valyr had a feeling that the progression of Greater Beyond's first version as a whole would be dictated by his progress on this World Quest. There was the possibility that the storyline would remain as is, yet there was also the possibility that the storyline would become worse.
Of course, there was also the possibility that the storyline would be complete even before the first version could even begin.
Briefly scratching his head at the speculation rabbit hole he had gotten himself into, he decided to stop his train of thought there and then, conversing with Sana for a bit more after that before eventually falling into a deep slumber.
…
"I guess it's time to head back to where it all began." Scratching his head as he gave his consciousness time to acclimate to its current surroundings, Valyr let out a faint sigh as he got out of bed, quickly going through his usual morning routine before leaving the inn, heading to a nearby restaurant not long after for a light breakfast.
While he was in the middle of eating breakfast, Valyr brought up a screen containing the chat function in front of him, sending a message to Braum to ask if the man was already awake. Surprisingly, it did not take long for him to obtain a response, with the man asking him why he had decided to send a message to him at such an early time.
Taking a bite of the meal he had ordered, he swiftly sent a reply back to Braum if he could help him enter the Underground Transport Network, only to mention the Nascent Wyvern Armor set he had left at the workshop not long after. Fortunately, Braum had the ability to read between the lines, prompting the man to respond to the first topic that he was fine with him doing so, while he responded to the second topic that he would bring the armor set along with him, as well as a spatial bracelet that Valyr could borrow, which could fit the entire armor set inside it.
With a grin gradually creeping up onto his face, Valyr finished the remainder of his meal before sending a response back to Braum, thanking him for his help as he told him that he was already on his way to the Imperial Production Guild.
And thus, he activated a great chunk of the agility he had, increasing the pace at which he made his way to the Imperial Production Guild, arriving at the place only a few minutes later.
…
"I thought you'd take a bit longer, actually." Waving back at Valyr, Braum quickly gave the spatial bracelet he had mentioned in his messages to the young man, prompting the latter who had [Enhanced Polymorph] to grin in response before wearing it around his wrist. "For some reason, you don't strike me as a morning person."
"I've just gotten used to waking up early." Valyr shrugged his shoulders in response, taking notice of Braum's current get-up, which looked far more casual than the previous times he had seen Braum in the past as the man wore a plain white t-shirt and dark gray pants. "Anyways, shall we go?"
"I'll lead the way." Nodding in response to Valyr's statement, Braum proceeded to walk in front of the young man as the two of them roamed the streets of Algerie City. Along the way, Braum explained to Valyr the various rules surrounding the Underground Transport Network, as well as the various unwritten rules people had come to accept once one was inside the place.
Fortunately, it did not take long for the two of them to arrive at a spot that contained an entrance to the Underground Transport Network, which looked like a slightly decrepit house on the outside. However, once Braum uttered out a few words to the old man who had opened the door for the two, he and Valyr were soon allowed entry to the depths of the Underground Transport Network, with the latter feeling a hint of nostalgia after returning to a place he had frequented in the past.
"Just head to any one of the dark-robed people you see that aren't attending anyone else and they'll take care of the rest." While taking in the sight of the Underground Transport Network he was in, Braum said a few things to Valyr, prompting the latter to nod in response, only for him to bid farewell to the man not long after as the former told him that he had already done his part.
Watching Braum's silhouette gradually disappear from his field of sight, Valyr took in a deep breath before making his way to one of the dark-robed people Braum had mentioned.
"Destination?" The dark-robed person Valyr had gone to looked up at him as the man posed a question.
"A few kilometers near the Astarto Village gates." Valyr faintly nodded at the dark-robed person in response.
"One way?"
"Round trip."
"That'll be five platinum coins."
Though he felt a bit of pain at having to part with such a great amount of money in his current situation, Valyr nevertheless gave the dark-robed man the amount he had asked, causing the latter to nod in response as he gave Valyr a small medallion with intricate carvings on its surface soon after. "Once you're ready to head back to this place, just infuse a bit of your mana into the medallion I've given you."
"Now, step on the circle you see in front of you."
Nodding in response, Valyr did what he was told, positioning himself at the center of the magic circle beside the dark-robed man. After a bit of back and forth between him and the man, the latter eventually nodded in satisfaction before infusing a great portion of his mana into the circle, causing Valyr's body to disappear from the place not long after.
"Safe travels."
Whoosh!
Chapter 328: Reuniting Out Of Nowhere

Astarto Village.
"With each passing day, the situation out there looks worse than what it did yesterday." Standing a few kilometers away from the fortified stone walls that now protected the village, Tristan gazed at horizon before him, a slight frown adorning his face as he checked for the small nuances in the aura he could sense from afar.
Though he had done the same thing yesterday while he and Damian were at the outskirts of the village to find out how much time they had left before the monster tide came knocking, the aura he and his good friend felt from the horizon was more or less a homogenous agglomeration of the multiple auras they normally sensed during a monster tide.
Comparing it to that kind of aura, the aura Tristan sensed from afar was a bit more detailed in terms of which parts of the aura came from what monster, allowing him to roughly separate the various auras making up the aura he was sensing, forming a rough distribution of the monster tide's strength in his mind as he pondered over what kind of enemies they were going to face by the time the tide came at full force.
"Guess I'll have to come back here a day or two from now to get a better idea of what the village is up against," Tristan muttered to himself as he scratched his head for a bit, pondering over everything he had sensed so far before inwardly nodding to himself.
"In any case, if there's anything I've confirmed from all of this, it's the fact that the village is up against its first medium-scale monster tide." As these words came out of his mouth, a bitter smile gradually crept up his face as he let out a low sigh some time later. "It would be nice if the village had more people with tons of combat power like Damian and Myst."
"I wonder when Valyr's going to come back?" Pondering over the thought of having more people in the village with greater combat power to fend off against the upcoming monster tide with greater ease, Tristan recalled the conversation he had with Valyr yesterday, prompting the question to pop up in his mind a few seconds later.
Coincidentally, just as he had turned around to make his way back to the village…
Whoosh!
Accompanied by a brief flash of bright light, a being appeared beside Tristan, causing the latter to squint his eyes before taking a few steps back to distance himself from the being that had just appeared. Then, as the light in the surroundings gradually returned to normal, Tristan slowly allowed the shape of his eyes to return to normal as he took a look at the being that had appeared before him out of nowhere.
"…" Unsurprisingly, it took less than an instant for him to realize who had just appeared before him, his eyes widened in great shock while his mouth was wide agape. On the other hand, the man that had appeared before Tristan looked at the latter with a hint of shock in his eyes before the expression on his face quickly returned to normal.
After that, the man let out a bitter chuckle before slowly shaking his head. "And here I thought I would be able to surprise you guys with my return. Guess the cat's out of the bag before I could even reveal it."
"Anyways, it's nice to see you again."
…
"I can't believe you really returned to the village the day after you asked." After Tristan eventually got over the shock he felt from seeing Valyr appear in front of him out of nowhere, the two of them began to make their way back to the village, with Tristan contacting Damian and Alfaera to head to Damian's office as he had a surprise to show them.
"At first, I thought about taking a carriage back to the village," said Valyr in response, a relaxed smile adorning his face as he was glad to see Tristan again. "But because I was already at a place incredibly far away from the village, taking even the fastest carriage would have taken me a week to get there. By that time, the monster tide would have been long gone."
"And so, I decided to look for other methods to get back to this place as quickly as possible… which is more or less the reason why I appeared in front of you out of nowhere." As these words left Valyr's mouth, he let out a brief cackle. "Didn't expect you to make that face, though."
"If you were in my place, even you would be making a face like that!" In response, Tristan grumbled, causing Valyr to let out a bit more laughter after that. Though a frown appeared on the man's face as he watched the young man laugh at him, this frown eventually disappeared as he told Valyr that he was glad he was back at the village, to which the latter told him that he felt the same way.
After that, the two of them talked a bit more, with Tristan informing Valyr regarding what was going on in the village lately after he had departed the village a month ago, while Valyr told Tristan about the things he had been doing as of late. Naturally, he had omitted mentioning a great portion of the things that had been going on in his surroundings, separating those matters from the matter he was going to tackle pretty soon.
"Oh, yeah. I almost forgot to mention." As they made their way back at a leisurely pace, there was still some distance separating the two from the village gates. "I've ascended to Rank 2 quite recently."
"Already?" Tristan's eyes widened in slight surprise. "Weren't you still at the middle of Rank 1 before you left the village?"
"That I am." Valyr nodded. "How about you? Any improvements?"
"Aside from the Basic Reinforcement Elixir you've given us, not really." In response to Valyr's question, Tristan flashed a bitter smile. "You're rubbing salt on an open wound here, you know?"
"Definitely not what I intended to do." Hearing Tristan's words, Valyr quickly apologized, recalling the lack of opportunities available to Tristan and the other high-leveled players of the village when it came to earning XP. "But since you mention it, I do know a place where you could get a lot of XP in a short amount of time."
"Oh?"
"Yeah, but I'll save that for when we meet up with Tristan and Alfaera."
"Why not tell me now? It's not like anything would change if I know of the place or not before meeting them."
"That may be true… but I have something else to propose to you." At these words, a mischievous grin appeared on Valyr's face as he looked at one of the good friends he made in the village. "Say…"
"Wanna play a prank on the other two?"
"…"
"…"
"What do you need me to do?"
Chapter 329: Taking Charge

"Any idea on why Tristan had us wait at my office?" Deciding to do some of the paperwork that had piled up on his desk as he waited for the man that made the two of them wait at his office, Damian posed a question to the woman that had a slightly bored expression on her face, her gaze darting around the entire room as she sat near the door.
"Not a clue." Alfaera shook her head. "Then again, since he's gone outside the village to take a look at where the monster tide is currently at, it's probably something related to that."
"Probably." Briefly shrugging his shoulders at her words, Damian soon returned his attention to the document he was looking through, only to place it down once he noticed that the door had been swung open.
With both Damian and Alfaera focusing their sights onto the being that opened the door, the two of them did not expect Tristan to bring along another person with him, the aura the other person emanated giving off the feeling to the two that his strength far surpassed theirs in every aspect.
Sporting a set of short ash gray hair, the other person that came along with Tristan seemed to be in his early forties, with wrinkles and dark spots occupying a few spots on his face as these features told the two that the man was already his prime age. Nevertheless, this feeling was quickly canceled out by the few scars that littered the sides of the man's face, with a deep one running down from the left side of his forehead to his left cheek.
Even though the man was wearing casual clothes, these features instead made both Damian and Alfaera think that they were looking at a battle-hardened warrior, the aura they felt from him earlier only making them even more certain of that fact.
"Is he the reason why you called us out here, Tristan?" Seemingly getting an idea of why Tristan had called the two of them, Damian went ahead and initiated the conversation, proceeding to ask a question to his good friend.
In response, Tristan's eyes widened for a bit, not expecting his friend to catch on so quickly. Soon after, he nodded before replying, "Yeah. While I was taking a look at the monster tide from afar, this man appeared out of nowhere, telling me that he was on a mission to help villages defend against monster tides."
Noticing that both Damian and Alfaera had slightly doubtful expressions on their faces as he said this, Tristan went ahead and explained himself. "At first, I was skeptical, just like the two of you right now. However, after he had showed me a few of his moves, I can tell you without a doubt that he has the same level of power as you and I, Damian. He'll be of great help in the upcoming monster tide."
"Is that so?" Still skeptical, Damian decided to focus his gaze on the middle-aged man behind Tristan and ask the man a few questions of his own. "Would it be possible to know your name?"
"Aidan." The middle-aged man responded succinctly, instantly giving Damian the feeling that he was a man of a few words.
"What is your current class rank?"
"Rank 2."
"What weapon do you use in combat?"
"The spear."
"Are you really on a mission to help villages defend against monster tides?"
"Yes."
"You're not doing this for anything else in exchange?"
"I am not."
"Hmm…" Though Damian had asked what he thought to be all of the questions he needed to ask to ascertain whether the man's motive was legitimate or not, he still felt like something was off.
"Why not have him show his skills in front of us?" Noticing the hesitation on Damian's face whether to accept the help or not, Alfaera stepped forward and gave him a suggestion. "After all, Tristan had already seen his skills, so our doubts might disappear once we see them as well."
Briefly scratching his head for a bit as he pondered over it, Damian eventually nodded as he let out a faint sigh, proceeding to talk with Alfaera regarding areas where the man could showcase his skills in front of them. Surprisingly, in the midst of the conversation between the two, Tristan let out a faint giggle, causing the two to look at him as they asked him what was funny.
Though he tried his best to suppress it, Tristan instead let out a bit more laughter in response to the question, with the middle-aged man accompanying him laughing soon after. At this point, both Damian and Alfaera both had somewhat grim expressions on their faces as they felt confused as to what was going on. Thankfully, the confusion they felt would swiftly disappear as Tristan said not long after, "Alright, alright. Let's stop here."
"Mind revealing your true identity, Aidan?"
"I was waiting for you to say that." Grinning, the man's appearance started to morph into something else, causing both Damian and Alfaera to stare at the man as they gradually found the man's original appearance to be familiar. By the time the man was done, Alfaera and Damian had their mouths open so wide that it seemed like eggs could fit inside them, their eyes seemingly bursting out of their sockets.
"That face never gets old to me for some reason." Seeing the faces Damian and Alfaera were making, the man laughed for a short while before letting out a relieved sigh.
"In any case, it's definitely nice to see you again."
…
"And that pretty much sums everything up, I think." After both Damian and Alfaera had gotten over the shock of seeing Valyr in front of them, the two of them had gotten furious at Tristan and Valyr, prompting the latter two to apologize in response, even though they were still laughing their hearts out.
Fortunately, it did not take long for them to calm down, prompting Valyr to bring Damian and Alfaera up to speed on what he had been up to after he left the village, as well as how he had appeared beside Tristan before meeting up with them. Naturally, he still omitted mentioning about things that he felt were unimportant to the upcoming monster tide, such as the World Quest he had and the like.
Of course, Valyr had also mentioned to them that he had ascended to Rank 2, which prompted Damian to ask on behalf of Alfaera on how he had amassed so much XP to ascend to the next rank so quickly. In response, Valyr told them about the Experience Pit that was located in Clossbay City, telling them that it was the best place to earn XP as long as they found the time to head there.
Surprisingly, only Alfaera seemed to have committed the new piece of information Valyr had shared to memory, with Damian and Tristan nodding instead in agreement with his words, as if they already knew of the existence of Experience Pits. With that, Valyr went ahead and asked the two if they knew what he was talking about, to which they responded that they did.
"Well, moving past the topic of earning a ton of XP in a short time for now, is the village prepared to face against the monster tide?" Shrugging his shoulders in response to the two's answers, Valyr posed a question to the trio. "From what Tristan told me earlier, we're very likely to be up against a medium-scale monster tide."
"We're more or less prepared against such a monster tide," said Damian in response. "Thanks to the Basic Reinforcement Elixir recipe you've given us, even though a lot of the guards are still at the late stages of Rank 0, their combat power is equivalent to someone at the early stages of a common Rank 1 class, which is more than enough to ensure that the village won't be fully destroyed by the tide at the very least."
"Of course, there's still you, me, Tristan, and Myst at the helm of this defense, so it would be better to say the chances of us successfully defending against the upcoming monster tide is quite high."
"I see." Listening to Damian's words, Valyr nodded before going silent for a bit. After that, he grabbed their attention before asking a question to the trio that left all of them in a confused yet pensive expression in response.
"Though I'm glad to hear that the village is more than ready to face the upcoming monster tide without worries…"
"Is it possible for me to take charge of the whole operation when the time comes?"
Chapter 330: Further Discussions

As the question left Valyr's mouth, the three simultaneously looked back at him with raised eyebrows, the expressions on their faces easily making their curiosity known to the young man. Nevertheless, even though they all looked back at him with curiosity, if one looked closely at them, one would see a hint of confusion hidden beneath their expressions, as well as thoughts considering the proposition Valyr had given them.
Noticing this confusion underneath their expressions, Valyr decided to clarify his intent behind the request. "Well, to be honest, this request is something that I came up with while talking with you three, so I'd understand if you decline. However, the main idea behind me taking charge of the whole defense against the upcoming monster tide is to get a better sense of my strength now that I've ascended to Rank 2."
"From my perspective, there's a likely chance that other people would be implicated into what I would be doing during the defense against the tide, so it would be nice if I had such a level of command over everyone at that time." Listening to Valyr's words, the confusion hidden beneath everyone's expressions gradually disappeared, with the three contemplating over the request Valyr had voiced out to them earlier.
Unsurprisingly, as someone who was only participating in the monster tide thanks to his high level of strength as a Rank 2 class holder, Tristan did not take long to end his train of thought as he allowed Damian and Alfaera, the ones who truly had command over the people during the monster tide, to let them ponder over Valyr's request in silence.
"Do you really need to have command over everyone during the monster tide?" After a minute of silence, Alfaera initiated the new topic by asking Valyr a question. "Can't you just tell Damian during the monster tide to have everyone fall back while you do your own thing or something?"
"I… haven't really thought about that, to be honest." In response to Alfaera's suggestion, Valyr briefly scratched the back of his head as he flashed a bitter smile. "Hmm… yeah. I think that'll work as well. All I need is for everyone to move back when I start my testing anyway."
"If that's truly the case, then there's not much of a problem," said Damian before nodding. "Of course, we'll talk about it a bit more after we're done here."
"Then again, as someone who's still considered a part of the village's guard regiment, with a rank of Guard Captain at that, you have the right to command over a large section of the defense anyway. Even more so now that you're Rank 2." Hearing these words come out of Damian's mouth, a light smile crept up onto Valyr's lips before nodding back in understanding, thanking him soon after.
"Well, with that sorted out, can I ask what are you testing specifically during the monster tide?" Seeing that the leader of the whole defense against the monster tide had sorted everything out with Valyr, Alfaera took the opportunity to ask the latter more about what he wanted to test.
"I know that you want to test out your newfound strength as a Rank 2 during the defense, but do you really need everyone to move out of the way with such a level of strength?"
As Alfaera asked this question to Valyr, she briefly spared a glance towards Tristan, causing Tristan to let out a bit of laughter in response. Not long after, a light smile appeared on Damian's face as he looked back at his good friend, nodding at one another as they knew the reason behind Valyr's request, being the only two in the village to know of it, in fact.
On the other hand, a wry smile appeared on Valyr's face as he noticed the expressions both Tristan and Damian had, shifting his gaze back onto Alfaera not long after as he opened his mouth. "Believe me when I say that it's for the better if we have everyone move out of the way when I make a move."
Though Alfaera was still curious as to what basis Valyr had to make such a request, she decided to let it be for now, thinking that she would have to watch them defend against the monster tide when the time came, making sure to focus her full attention on Valyr at that point.
After the details of Valyr's request were more or less sorted out, the four of them talked a bit more about the village's plan during the monster tide, as well as how it would impact the progress of the village's expansion into a town. Surprisingly, it was only through this conversation did Valyr find out the reason why Alfaera had not participated in the previous monster tide, even though her current level was more than enough for her to be part of the main offensive force.
Aside from the fact that she was the leader of the village, she was the one coordinating everything behind the scenes, making sure that every request Damian had in preparation for the upcoming monster tide would be met before they began their defense. She was also the one responsible for the creation of the camps that allowed the defenders to rest and refuel before the monster tide arrived, something Valyr had made use of during the previous monster tide.
However, the most important reason why she hadn't participated in the previous monster tide was the fact that both her class and subclass were purely non-combat. Of course, her stats were still far greater than the average human due to her being of a higher level, but she did not have the ability to capitalize on these higher stats unlike those with combat classes did.
Naturally, once Valyr heard this, his mind thought about Tristan and himself, people who still took up a combative role even though both of them had a production class as their main class. In the end, he thought that it was a matter of personal choice rather than whether or not she truly did not have the capability to take up a combat role.
After all, it took a lot of effort on his end to become someone capable of filling up a spot in the main offensive force, with Tristan putting even more effort than him.
With that, the four eventually wrapped up their conversation, with all of them having faint smiles on their faces as they were glad to have caught up with one another. Though, just as both Alfaera and Tristan were about to leave the office to do their own thing, Valyr asked the three of them a question all of a sudden that prompted them to stop in their tracks.
"Now that I think about it…"
"Where's Vera?"
Chapter 331: Sorting Things Out

Naturally, the thought of asking for Vera's whereabouts did not come out of nowhere. As the four were wrapping up the conversation to go do their own things, a lingering thought surfaced in his mind all of a sudden, causing him to remember the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir he had obtained from Riekan back then as a reward for completing the dungeon.
Now that he was Rank 2, he now was free to ingest the entire set and gain the passive skill that came along with consuming 10 vials of each type, which would improve his stats even further. However, this set of Reinforcement Elixir was stored away back at Algerie City in the inn both he and Wells were staying at, which prompted him to think about having it concocted instead, causing the thought of Vera to pop up in his mind.
"Vera, huh?" In response to the question, both Tristan and Damian looked back at him with bitter smiles before the former let out a faint sigh, which did not take long for Valyr to understand that the answer he would obtain was on the side of something that he did not want to hear. "Well, to cut a long story short, she left the village."
"Why?" Though Valyr inwardly let out a faint sigh at the response, with a faint bitter smile creeping up onto his lips not long after, he asked the two of them for a reason why.
"She didn't really tell us anything," Tristan shrugged his shoulders as he replied. "All she said was that she was going to have to leave the village to pursue some matters and that was it."
"Did she leave just recently?" Valyr asked in response.
"More or less the same as you, actually." This time, Damian was the one who responded. "If my memory serves me correctly, she left around a week or two after you left to head to Clossbay City the day after the celebration."
"I see." At those words, Valyr let out an audible sigh, only to realize something a few seconds later. "Wait… then that means there's no one capable of healing in the village anymore, right?"
"Don't remind me about that." Surprisingly, Alfaera was the one who responded to his words, letting out an exasperated sigh as a slightly annoyed expression appeared on her face. "I found a healer from another village to come to our village and stay, but he asked a lot of things from me before he eventually accepted."
"I hope he didn't ask for anything too important," said Valyr in response, which only prompted Alfaera to let out yet another sigh.
"Aside from a small sum of money, he wanted me to become his lover out of all things." Recalling the entire scene as if it had just happened sometime earlier, an irritated expression appeared on Alfaera's face as she told Valyr of what the man had asked her. "Fortunately, I was eventually able to work it out. If not, that guy would still be hounding me as we speak."
"I… see." Feeling as if any further explanation regarding the matter would only lead him down a rabbit hole that was hard to escape from, Valyr decided to leave the matter at that, letting out a sigh not long after as he thought about Vera leaving the village. "In any case, it's a shame that Vera left the village."
"It really is." Alfaera nodded in agreement, with Damian and Tristan faintly nodding not long after. "A healer is already hard to recruit for a village, with an alchemist and a healer even more so."
"Anyways, I'll have to leave now. Gotta settle a few more things before the defense against the monster tide starts." Seeing as their conversation had finished, Alfaera took the opportunity to leave, bidding farewell at the other three as she disappeared from their field of sight not long after.
Sometime later, Tristan decided that it was time for him to leave as well, bidding farewell to the two as he urged Valyr to stop by his smithy when he had the free time. In response, Valyr let out a faint chuckle as he nodded, telling him that he would definitely be making a stop at the smithy before the monster tide began, inwardly thinking about upgrading the Nascent Wyvern Armor set a bit more.
Eventually, with both Tristan and Alfaera gone, Damian and Valyr looked at each other, being the only ones left within the former's office.
"Say, has my dormitory room been occupied by other people after I left?" Thinking that he had delayed the allocation of his unused XP for so long, Valyr went ahead and asked Damian if his dormitory was still free.
"Nope." Damian shook his head in response. "For those at the rank of Guard Captain and above, even if they leave, the dormitory rooms they occupied are made sure that they wouldn't be used by other people. Of course, that is unless the guard regiment had a good reason to do so."
"Got it." Nodding back in response, Valyr thanked Damian before turning around to leave the office. Surprisingly, just before he could fully leave the office, he heard the man behind him welcoming him back to the village, causing a grin to appear on his face as he nodded, making his way to his dormitory room not long after.
…
"Still looks the same as when I left it." After walking through the ever familiar corridors of the village barracks, Valyr eventually arrived at his dormitory room, a slight grin adorning his face as he took in his surroundings. Feeling a hint of nostalgia from the place even though it had only been over a month since he left the village, he eventually sat on top of his bed, the expression on his face turning solemn as he commanded the system to bring up a list of his skills.
Ding!
"It would've been nice if I had Skill Keys on hand." Taking a look at the list of skills in front of him, which was multiple times longer than the last time he took a look at it, Valyr quickly noticed that a great amount of his skills were still at the base level, prompting him to inwardly curse himself for delaying such a simple thing for far too long. "Too bad the place where I can get them is incredibly far away."
"Then again, it's fortunate that I now have the means to teleport there." Placing the matter of Skill Keys at the back of his head for now, Valyr focused his attention on the unleveled skills in his skill screen. "The only problem is the amount of money I'd have to fork out to teleport there in the first place."
"Oh well. That's better saved for when the monster tide is over."
"For now, it's time to upgrade my skills."
"… Let's just hope it's not as painful as having to learn close to 40 skills in one sitting."
Chapter 332: A Much Needed Allocation

"Let's see… which skills should I upgrade first?" After commanding the system to hide the skills that he had already leveled up to their limits on his skill list, Valyr focused his attention on the skills that remained, taking into consideration the two general categories that separated the great amount of unleveled skills he had.
Unsurprisingly, it did not take long for him to come to a decision, thinking that the answer to the question was a no-brainer, seeing as how one category had far less skills to upgrade than the other. "Guess I'll start off this upgrading spree with you first."
Ding!
[Would you like to spend 84,452 XP to upgrade 'Basic Weapon Mastery' to Level 10?]
Hearing the notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr responded to the prompt that had appeared before him with a faint yet stern nod, causing a small chunk from the large amount of unused XP he still had to disappear as an influx of information washed over his mind not long after.
Due to the fact that he had endured far greater mental anguish thanks to him deciding to learn over 40 skills at once, only to then fuse almost half of them into three stronger skills, the amount of pain Valyr felt from the influx of information was next to non-existent, taking him about a minute or so to process and organize the information he had received regarding the usage of various weapons, including the spear.
Of course, Valyr knew that the reason why the amount of pain he felt from the action was almost imperceptible was due to the fact that he was far from reaching his mind's limit on how much skills it could handle per day. Aside from that, he had decided to only upgrade one skill to its maximum level, unlike back then where he decided to learn multiple skills of the same branch in a row.
Since there was still a lot of time before the monster tide truly bared its fangs at the village, Valyr was going to take it easy on upgrading his skills for the meantime, a shift of pace compared to what he had been doing back in Algerie City. With that, he rested for a bit before upgrading [Unearthed Innate Potential] to its max level, causing a surge of energy to circulate throughout his body for a brief bit to accommodate for the increase in overall strength.
After that, he focused his attention onto the other unleveled passive skills that remained, all of which were inclined towards the magic side of things. Looking at the skills for a bit, he upgraded both [Basic Spellcasting] and [Basic Incantation] to their max level first, making sure to pace himself in order to make sure the pain he felt would be negligible.
Once he was done upgrading those two, he thought about practicing the magic skills he had in his arsenal sometime in the future before shifting his train of thought back to what was important, upgrading all of the elemental affinity passive skills he had to the maximum level.
Although the amount of skills his mind could handle per day had increased thanks to his ascension to Rank 2, by the time he was finished upgrading the last unleveled passive skill in his skill list to its max level, Valyr felt a bit of strain weighing down on his mind. Fortunately, after a bit of self-introspection, he eventually concluded that he could still upgrade a portion of his active skills as long as he paced himself.
Deciding to give his mind a bit more time to rest from the strain it had felt from upgrading a bunch of skills earlier, a certain thought popped up in his mind once more, reminding him of the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixirs he had gotten from Riekan, the same set that reminded him of Vera while he was with Damian and the others earlier.
"Should I go get it?" asked Valyr to himself in a mutter, briefly scratching the head of his back as he weighed the pros and cons of both choices.
Compared to consuming an entire set of Basic Reinforcement Elixir, the amount of stats one would get from consuming an entire set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir was exactly double what a set of Basic Reinforcement Elixir gave, with its accompanying skill also following the same line of thought.
However, rather than have the set's stats and skill overwrite the stats he had gained from the Basic Reinforcement Elixir, consuming the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir would instead have its stats stack on top of it, which meant that Valyr would effectively gain 30 points in each substantial stat if he consumed the Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir.
Of course, 30 points did not mean much in the long run. But to Valyr, whose stats were already high for someone at the beginning levels of Rank 2, 30 points was still a substantial addition to his strength, which he thought would help out greatly during the monster tide.
Unfortunately, at the end of his train of thought, he decided that he would just consume the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir when he returned to Algerie City, the main reason stopping him from doing so was the fact that it had cost him five platinum coins to get a round way trip to Astarto Village.
Sure, gaining a marginal increase in strength was great, but it wasn't 'I would spend another five platinum coins to get it' great.
"It does kind of suck that I'm only recalling that I still have the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir after the fact that I teleported back to this village." As these words came out of Valyr's mouth, he let out a mocking chuckle, the target of his mockery being himself. "Then again… my current stats are definitely far higher than what someone with a common Rank 2 class would have. Even those with common Rank 3 classes are lacking in terms of stats, I think."
"Anyways, I think that's more than enough rest for my mind." Taking in a deep breath, Valyr psyched himself up for the next array of skills he would have to level, feeling that his mind had somewhat recovered from the upgrading spree from earlier.
"Time to continue."
Chapter 333: Straight To The Middle

Ding!
[Would you like to spend 73,891 XP to upgrade 'Inferior Heal' to Level 10?]
[Would you like to spend 73,891 XP to upgrade 'Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation' to Level 10?]
[Would you like to spend 65,253 XP to upgrade 'Offense Aura' to Level 10?]
[Would you like to spend 65,253 XP to upgrade 'Defense Aura' to Level 10?]
"Yes to all of them, of course."
Whoosh!
To start off his spree of upgrading his under-leveled offensive skills, Valyr went ahead and upgraded the four skills he had in his arsenal that were the nearest to the maximum level, all of them helping him out greatly in one way or another whenever he could use them.
While upgrading these four skills, he was slightly surprised that [Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation] had not disappeared, even though he had picked up [Basic Flame Manipulation] since it was one of the basic manipulation skills he needed to pick up if he wanted to gain control over the four basic elements.
Then again, even though it was quite odd, that did not mean that he would not use the two manipulation skills being separate to his advantage, wondering to himself whether using them together would result in a unique outcome.
With a great influx of information bombarding his mind, Valyr slightly gritted his teeth as he processed and organized the information he received from the upgrades, feeling that his mind was gradually nearing the limit regarding the number of skills it could handle each day. Nevertheless, he ignored the feeling for now, eventually letting out a long sigh as he obtained notifications from the system that the four skills had been upgraded.
"Now onto the hard part. All of the skills I have that are still Level 1." Wiping off the cold sweat that slowly dripped from his forehead after what he had just gone through, a bitter smile briefly adorned Valyr's face as he thought about how many skills he had left in his skill list that he had not upgraded yet, letting his mind rest for the meantime.
"Oh, it's actually not a lot." Surprisingly, after counting the number of skills he had yet to level up, Valyr found out that he only had 11 skills to upgrade before he was unable to upgrade any of them any further. Then again, that did not mean that upgrading all 11 skills to their maximum skills would be easy, considering that he was already nearing his mind's limit. With that, he knew that he was going to be in for a world of pain sometime soon.
However, that didn't mean he wouldn't try it anyway.
Ding!
[Would you like to spend 84,452 XP to upgrade 'Limit Break' to Level 10?]
"Yes."
Whoosh!
Accepting the prompt that had appeared in front of his field of vision, an influx of information washed over his mind once more, with the amount of pain that accompanied it this time around reaching a level that forced Valyr to grit his teeth.
While allowing his mind to process and organize the information regarding the skill he was upgrading, Valyr compared the pain he was feeling to the great amounts of pain he had experienced back when he was fusing his skills together into greater skills. In comparison to something like that, the amount of pain he was going through right now was still negligible, which unsurprisingly gave him a boost in willpower, enough for him to last until the system notified him of the successful upgrade.
Letting out a brief sigh of relief as he wiped off the sweat from his forehead once more, Valyr took a look outside the window in his room, seeing that there was still a lot of daylight for him to make use of.
Thinking about how he would have to enhance his armor set and his weapon to match to his current level after he was done, he psyched himself up for the 10 remaining skills he had yet to upgrade, all of which were magic-based active skills.
Ding!
[Would you like to spend 422,260 XP to upgrade all 'Basic Manipulation' skills to Level 10?]
Deciding to speed up the process of upgrading the 10 remaining skills by a bit, Valyr made use of a quality of life feature the system had when it came to upgrading skills, something that he used often back when he was still a player. Unsurprisingly, the amount of XP the prompt was asking from him was a considerable jump when compared to upgrading a single skill to its max level, though Valyr knew that it was just the cost of upgrading all five 'Basic Manipulation' skills to their max levels combined.
With that, he made a brief prayer to the heavens above as he prepared himself for the wave of pain that was about to come, accepting the prompt not long after as a considerable chunk of his unused XP was consumed. For a couple of seconds, there was a lull in the surroundings, making it seem to Valyr that he had returned to the village for leisure reasons.
Unfortunately, that thought swiftly disappeared not long after that.
"AGH! HECK!" Unsuccessfully stopping himself from cursing out, Valyr gritted his teeth and clenched his fists as tightly as he possibly could, causing a bit of blood to drip from his palms while some of his teeth started to chip out as wave upon wave of pain bombarded his body from the influx of information he had received.
Thankfully, with the five skills he had decided to upgrade in unison having the same nature, the amount of time it took for him to process the information each upgrade had was equivalent to upgrade a single skill, though the intensity of the pain he felt was still equivalent to upgrading five.
Nevertheless, this realization was more than enough for him to bite the bullet and upgrade all 'Basic Magic Style' skills to their max levels in unison as well, which was naturally accompanied with a bit of cursing, blood, and a few contorted expressions.
"Haah… haah…" By the time the pain had subsided after he was successful in upgrading the last five remaining skills to their max levels, Valyr caught his breath as he sat down on the floor in the meantime, only to lie down on the cold floor not long after as he gave his body and mind some time to rest.
A few minutes later, he let out a faint sigh before sitting up straight, commanding the system not long after to show him the amount of unused XP he still had left after going through what he considered a heavily delayed upgrading spree. "I still have over 7 million XP left to allocate, huh."
"Well then. That's quite the jump." After taking a look at how much XP he still had left, he then checked with the system regarding the number of levels he could obtain with the XP he still had. Though he found it slightly disappointing that he was only a few tens of thousands of XP short from getting another level, the level increase he would get from what he had at the moment was still more than enough.
"Seven levels. To think I actually grinded enough XP to be solidly at the middle of Rank 2." Valyr faintly chuckled as he commanded the system to allocate most of the XP towards his levels. Taking a look at the prompt that had appeared in front of him in response, it did not take long for him to accept, muttering out a few words not long after with a slight grin.
"Well… it's definitely a waste to not make use of it, that's for sure."
…
…
Ding!
[6,070,092 XP has been allocated.]
[Your level has increased by 7 levels.]
[You are now Level 33.]
Chapter 334: Acclimation

Ding!
[You have gained the following stats from your class: +28 VIT, +28 STR, +28 AGI, +49 DEX, +49 INT, +14 WIS, +21 PER, and +7 LUK.]
[You have gained the following stats from your subclass: +14 VIT, +7 STR, +21 AGI, and +28 DEX.]
[You have gained 28 unassigned stat points.]
"That's gonna take some time to get used to." At the very instant a string of notifications had appeared in front of his field of vision, notifying how much of an increase seven levels brought to all of his stats, a great surge of energy quickly circulated throughout Valyr's body, imbuing him with the brief feeling of having limitless amounts of power.
Unfortunately for him, this feeling did not last long, with his senses returning to normal only a few seconds later. After that, he went ahead and tried doing a few simple tasks to test out how much of a difference his newly improved stats brought, proceeding to do a simple punch, only to imbue the entirety of his STR stat behind it.
Bang!
Unsurprisingly, with his STR now solidly at the triple digit mark, the amount of force behind that simple punch of his was far greater than what any normal Rank 2 class holder could unleash, a faint sonic boom being generated not long after because of it. For a few seconds, the room faintly quaked, causing a slight grin to appear on Valyr's face as he decided to do the other simple tasks he thought up outside his own dormitory room.
Aside from the fact that the room was slightly small for him to test out the improvement in his other stats, he did not want to destroy his room for no reason.
With that, he leisurely made his way towards the training field of the barracks, waving at the few people he had passed by that still remembered him from before he left along the way. Once there, he commanded the system to bring up his status screen, which made him whistle as he focused his gaze on his current stats.
"Guess I'll have to test DEX during the monster tide," Valyr muttered to himself as he looked at his DEX stat, which was now far above the 300 point mark. Though he eagerly wanted to find out how much damage he could now dish out with the moves from [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] with his increased DEX stat, he knew very well that he might destroy the entire training field if he went all out, prompting him to suppress his urge in slight disappointment as he shifted his gaze onto his other stats.
"I guess AGI, INT, and PER are really the only stats I could test in great detail." After allowing his emotions to return to normal from the excitement he felt from the thought of testing his DEX stat, Valyr eventually went through the other stats on his status screen, deciding to start it off by utilizing his AGI stat to its limits.
Whoosh!
With him being the only person occupying the training field at the moment, Valyr did not hesitate in going all out, going through all of the basic movements he used in combat and in general as he darted to and fro through the training field. Due to the speed he was going, a bit of dust had been kicked up by his movements, causing the entire field to be covered in a faint cloud of dust as a grin gradually crept up onto his lips.
"I think I could cover a couple kilometers in a few minutes with my AGI stat being this high." Once he was finished gauging the improvement to his AGI stat, he then moved onto testing his INT stat, proceeding to head to a nearby training dummy before standing in front of it.
"Hmm… what skill should I use?" Extending out one of his palms towards the training dummy, Valyr mentally browsed through the list of magic-based skills in his arsenal, wondering which skill among all of them would allow him to get a good idea on how much of an improvement his INT stat had undergone, as well as how much improvement ascending to Rank 2 brought.
"Well, if I really think about it, I've pretty much used only one magic skill so far." Making his decision, a small ball of crimson flame manifested a few centimeters away from his palm, only to balloon in size with every passing second. By the time it had grown to the size of a basketball, Valyr was forced to distance himself from the training dummy even further, seeing that the ball was still continuing to grow.
It was only when the ball of crimson flame was a meter in diameter did it stop, causing Valyr to stare at it for a bit in slight shock, surprised that his INT stat could influence the size of a skill to this extent. Nevertheless, the size of the skill was one thing, the damage the skill dealt was another.
"[Crimson Blaze]."
Whoosh!
With that, he threw the sphere of crimson flames towards the training dummy he had chosen, his expression continuing to stay the same as he watched the sphere engulf the training dummy into non-existence… and the next one… and the next one… and the next one…
Around 10 training dummies had been engulfed by the sphere of crimson flames, with the only remnant of their existence being the trail of charred ground the sphere had left behind. Then, after it had engulfed the 10th training dummy, it exploded into a cloud of crimson flames, making Valyr involuntarily take in a deep breath as he thought about how even he would not want to get caught up in something like that.
"I think I can make [Crimson Blaze] return to its original size while still dealing the same amount of damage." After he was done seeing the effects of his improved INT stat, Valyr took down notes, mostly regarding gaining a great level of mastery when it came to magic-based skills and how he had to spend more time on them.
"And that only leaves me with the last one." With the training field having served its purpose for testing two of the three stats he planned to test, Valyr went ahead and left the training field, making his way to the barracks' entrance as he activated [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] not long after.
Whoosh!
Within seconds, the hyperfocus ability that came along with the skill activated, allowing his heightened PER stat to become more substantial as his sight extended far beyond the village gates. Nevertheless, with how flashy testing his AGI and INT stat was compared to testing his PER stat, Valyr decided to make a comment after some time to break the silence that currently surrounded him.
"Yep…"
"I can see very far, alright."
"I can see… very far, indeed."
"Very good. Definitely good… I think."
Chapter 335: A Bit Of Catching Up

After getting over the embarrassment he felt from the words he had spoken to himself while testing out his PER stat, Valyr took a look at the sky, noticing that the sun was already nearing the peak of its ascent to the sky.
Coincidentally, his stomach rumbled after finding this discovery, causing a faint bitter smile to appear on his face as he made his way to the cafeteria, pondering over a couple of things along the way as he walked at a slightly relaxed pace.
'With how much my stats have improved after I ascended to Rank 2 and gained a few more levels after that, there's no doubt in my head that I would definitely cause a lot of destruction once the monster tide comes crashing down on the village,' Valyr thought to himself, his hands itching for the monster tide to come to the village faster. 'With [Shadow Energy Empowerment] also working behind the scenes, I'm definitely going to be in for a treat once I decide to use [Tide of the Dark Night].'
'Just a couple more days, Valyr. You'll get to go all out, as well as get the materials needed to upgrade Sanguine to the next rank.' Calming his emotions with a couple of deep breaths, he went ahead and initiated a small conversation with Sana along the way, talking about a few mundane things in order for him to get used to the feeling of communicating with his weapon.
While in the midst of their conversation, a thought surfaced in his mind, reminding him of something someone had told him back then. 'Now that I think about it, I now meet the requirements to obtain the second part of Jekyll's legacy.'
As far as he could recall, the skill [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] Jekyll had given to him was only considered the first part of the legacy he owned, which he had chosen to give to Valyr. Since the latter was still at too low of a level back then, he was not allowed to inherit the entire legacy all at once, with Jekyll instead telling him to come back when he was around Level 30.
'I'd suggest you get the legacy once you're done with upgrading me, Master.' While he was pondering over it, Sana's voice resounded in his mind, which he thought was the optimal decision. After all, he would still have to go to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains, as well as prepare for his entry to the upcoming Four Pillars' Inheritance.
'Then again, I'll probably still have to fork out a hefty sum to get to Anadhar City since I'll be teleporting back to Algerie City after this.' With the thought in mind, Valyr decided that he would think more about it after he was done with the monster tide, coming up with the idea of having Braum pay for his teleports until he was done with the Four Pillars' Inheritance along the way.
…
"Well, well, well. If it isn't the Tidebreaker." After ordering a somewhat light meal from the cafeteria workers for lunch, Valyr brought his tray of food to a vacant table, only for other people to start surrounding him not long after.
At first, a slight frown appeared on his face as he thought that a couple of strangers had decided to sit beside out of nowhere. However, once he heard a familiar voice come from one of these people, the frown on his face swiftly disappeared, instead being replaced with slight shock as he looked at the three people that decided to sit with him.
"Am I glad to see you three again. Leon. Louie. Jonas." Flashing a smile at the trio that had been one of the first few friends he had made at the village, Valyr went ahead and asked the three of them as to how they were doing, deciding to catch up on what the other side was doing while they were gone.
Unsurprisingly, the three told Valyr that they had finally ascended to Rank 1, with all of them being able to consume vials of Reinforcement Elixir since they had saved up quite a decent amount of contribution points. Among the three of them, both Leon and Jonas were already halfway to completing the dosage needed to get the passive skill, while Louie was lagging behind them by one vial each.
Aside from that, they had informed him that they were pretty close to reaching the rank of Guard Captain within the regiment, which Valyr was happy about as he congratulated all three of them on their advancement in advance.
Naturally, once the three were done talking about what had been going on with their lives during the time Valyr was gone at the village, the latter went ahead and talked about what he was doing while he was away from the village. Surprisingly, the three of them were left at a slight loss for words when they heard him say that he had honing his skills as a blacksmith, telling Valyr that they thought he had taken up a combat class.
In response, Valyr clarified to them that even before he ascended to Rank 1, his mind was already set to obtain the blacksmith class, deciding to share a bit of information on how much he had earned from short stint as an owner of a smithy. Of course, the three were left speechless once they heard how much he made, with Leon even joking not long after if he should switch to a production class in the future.
After that, he talked about obtaining a subclass, as well as his recent advancement to Rank 2, ending off his recap with the reason why he had returned to the village, which was to help out in the defense against the monster tide.
Unsurprisingly, the three of them were grateful that Valyr had appeared to help in the upcoming monster tide, even though he was not really a part of Astarto Village from the beginning. In response, Valyr told them that he was just reciprocating the kindness the village had given him while he was starting out.
After talking for a bit more as they ate their respective lunches, the four of them eventually separated ways, with the three telling Valyr that they were eager to see his performance in the battlefield during the upcoming monster tide, especially now that he was a Rank 2 class holder.
Chuckling in response, Valyr waved farewell at the three for the meantime, swiftly heading outside the barracks to head to Tristan's smithy. After all, now that he had allocated all of the unused XP he could…
It was now time for him to upgrade his armor set and weapon once more.
Chapter 336: You Made This?

"Look who finally decided to show up." By the time Valyr had arrived at the entrance to the village smithy, Tristan stopped what he was doing and turned around to look at the young man with a slightly mischievous grin. "You know… I've always wanted to say that."
"As if it wasn't that obvious." In response to Tristan's words, Valyr let out a bit of laughter before moving closer to the man, embracing the man not long after as he faintly let out a sigh of relief. Surprisingly, Tristan reciprocated the embrace back, hugging Valyr a bit tighter than one normally would, which was something that did not go unnoticed under the latter's senses.
"It's really nice to see you again." After some time, the two of them let go of each other, with Tristan initiating the conversation as he made his way back to the only anvil in the smithy that was placed a fair distance away from the furnace. "Sure, it's only been a little bit over a month since you left the village, but it's around time does the feeling of longing for someone become strong."
"Well, the feeling is mutual," said Valyr in response, taking in a deep breath before letting out a relaxed sigh. "Though I may have been able to do a lot more things and progress even further in my craft after leaving the village, there's still a large part of me that misses the ambience of the village from time to time."
"I get what you mean." Tristan nodded in agreement, a slight smile adorning his face as he grabbed the metal he was working on with a pair of tongs before placing it in the furnace. "Whenever I'm forging something here, the peacefulness the entire village exudes clears up and refreshes my mind quite a bit, making me feel like the thing I'm forging would come out significantly better than it normally would."
"Anyways, enough talking about missing the village and all that." Tristan waved his hands after he was done reminiscing the various times he had been forging in the past, as if signaling to Valyr that they were changing to another topic.
"What brings you to the smithy today, aside from wanting to talk with the great me?"
"Still as narcissistic as ever, I see," replied Valyr as he listened to Tristan's words.
With that, Tristan responded back with, "It's not narcissism. It's called great self-confidence."
"Whatever floats your boat." Feeling as if there would be no point in arguing over what Tristan's personality truly was, Valyr briefly shrugged his shoulders before proceeding to answer the question the former had asked him. "In any case, to answer your question, I'm here to enhance my armor set and weapon by a few levels."
"Oh? You crafted a new armor set?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity in response to Valyr's answer, Tristan went ahead and took out the piece of metal he was heating from the furnace before placing it on top of the anvil, proceeding to hammer it into the shape he wanted. "Now that I think about it, you did leave that Supreme Astarto Defense Armor set here before you left."
"Is it still here?" Hearing Tristan mention the old armor set he used, memories of using the set in the dungeon he cleared gradually surfaced in Valyr's mind, causing a faint smile to creep up onto his lips. As the original version of the set was only considered Common grade, Valyr went all out in upgrading it to the best of his abilities to increase his survivability in the dungeon, utilizing Tier 1 Upgrade Alloy to elevate their rarities to Common+ grade.
Now that he had more experience utilizing the numerous memories of forging from his past life, as well as the fact that he now had access to far better materials, Valyr had no doubt that he would be able to forge a better version of the first armor set he had forged, innovating upon the original blueprint multiple times.
'Speaking of which, it would definitely be handy to get my hands on the higher tiers of Upgrade Alloy in the future,' thought Valyr to himself as he recalled how many people flocked to the Crimson Forge back then due to the fact that he was selling a significant amount of items at Common+ grade.
With that in mind, he was certain that if he got his hands on Tier 2 and Tier 3 Upgrade Alloy, which would upgrade any of the Common grade items he forged to Uncommon and Uncommon+ grade respectively, the amount of money he would earn at that point would allow him to live a carefree life.
"It is, but at the same time isn't." As he made a mental note to grab the blueprints for the two next tiers of Upgrade Alloy once he had returned to Algerie City, Valyr heard Tristan's response to his question, causing him to slightly tilt his head as the latter clarified soon after.
"In other words, it's been here at the smithy all this time, with me even enhancing it by a couple of levels," said Tristan amidst the hammering he was doing. "However, since Myst had gone outside, I gave her the armor set to wear for now, considering that she doesn't have a proper set of armor yet."
"I see." Once he was done listening to Tristan's explanation, Valyr nodded in understanding as he began to retrieve the pieces making up his Nascent Wyvern Armor set from his spatial bracelet, much to the former's interest. "Where is she at the moment?"
"She's at a nearby city… grinding XP through an Experience Pit to prepare for the upcoming monster tide…" Unsurprisingly, Tristan was left staring at what Valyr was doing, becoming incredibly silent once he was done responding as he watched Valyr retrieve the Nascent Wyvern Armor set from the spatial bracelet Braum had given him before he left. After that, he focused his gaze onto the armor set Valyr had brought out, instantly feeling the slightly oppressive aura emanating from it.
"Is this the new armor set you're currently using?" Moving closer to the pieces making up the set, Tristan used [Analysis] on one of the pieces, his eyes widening in disbelief as he read through the description of the item. Once he was done, he closed the screen before him as he was left at a loss for words.
Looking for the right words to say as he could not comprehend what he had just seen, Tristan eventually found what he wanted to ask Valyr, shifting his gaze towards the young man as he posed the question. "Where… where did you buy this?"
"Buy it?" Valyr raised his eyebrow in response before shaking his head. "I made it."
"Huh?" Rather than find the response normal, considering that Valyr was a blacksmith himself, Tristan instead felt even more disbelief from the young man's words after hearing him say he made it. "You made this? Really?"
Unknowingly, at that point, a slight frown adorned Valyr's face as he looked back at Tristan. With a slightly annoyed tone, he asked back, "Are you trying to tell me something?"
"Perhaps… something you might want me to know?"
Chapter 337: Forging Out Of Spite

"I didn't mean it like that!" Of course, hearing the slight annoyance laced within the words Valyr had spoken back to him, Tristan quickly understood how Valyr interpreted his earlier words, waving his hands back and forth as he clarified himself. "I totally believe you that you made the armor set yourself!"
"However…" Tristan scratched the back of his head not long after. "Even though I believe you made the armor set yourself, there's just something about it that feels off."
"Don't get me wrong, Valyr," said the man as he looked at Valyr eye to eye. "You're definitely a skilled blacksmith. With the fact that you have a Mythic blacksmith class, that skill is elevated even further."
"But don't you think it's kind of odd for a blacksmith to forge an Epic piece of equipment even though it's only been like… what? A bit over two months since they picked up blacksmithing?" As these words came out of Tristan's mouth, the man watched as the frown on Valyr's face gradually became deeper.
"With that, it would be even more unbelievable for someone with that much experience to forge an armor set, an Epic grade armor set at that."
"Is that so?" Though Valyr knew that Tristan's words made sense from a realistic perspective, with his circumstances, he felt that he was basically the result of the phrase 'anything but'. He definitely agreed with Tristan that someone with only that much experience in blacksmithing wouldn't be able to forge a piece of Epic grade equipment, much less a piece of Common+ grade equipment.
But that was only when that someone did not have the same level of experience Valyr had amassed in blacksmithing in his past life.
With that, it went without saying that Valyr was quite annoyed while listening to Tristan's explanation, needing to take a couple of deep breaths to calm himself down as he responded back with a brief question. Nevertheless, at that point, he felt like he had to show Tristan what he was truly capable of when it came to forging, feeling as if his reputation as a blacksmith so far was being tarnished.
Suppressing the urge to let his rage get the better of himself, Valyr moved closer to Tristan, glancing at the Nascent Wyvern Armor set he had brought for a bit as he thought that he would have to postpone upgrading them for later. Asking Tristan if he could borrow his forging tools for the meantime, the latter asked back in response what had gotten into him all of a sudden.
Hearing Tristan's question, Valyr merely responded, "Oh, you know. I just got the urge to forge something all of a sudden in front of you. After all, it's been a bit over a month since we last met."
'It's totally not because I'm doing this out of spite to prove to Tristan how far my skills in terms of blacksmithing have improved ever since we last met.' Chanting this thought over and over in his mind as he conversed with Tristan, Valyr felt a bit of the annoyance and anger bubbling within him melt away as the owner of the smithy eventually agreed to his request, telling the young man that he was curious to see how much he had improved.
But of course, there was no doubt within Tristan that Valyr had decided to forge for him out of spite. It was evident in the latter's aura anyway.
"Do you have any rare material I could perhaps use?" Allowing his emotions to settle down, Valyr went ahead and began the preparations for an impromptu forging session, with Tristan leading him to the smithy's storage room located at the back. Once there, the two of them were greeted by the sight of an organized collection of materials, with Valyr briefly feeling the annoyance within him disappear for a moment because of it.
Unsurprisingly, this annoyance soon came back as he recalled the reason why he decided to forge in the first place, perusing through the materials in the storage room before choosing the materials he would be using.
'Sand Serpent Fangs, Melafir Essence, Azure Iron, and Blazefield Stone.' Looking at the items Valyr had chosen from the storage room as the two of them returned to the workshop portion of the smithy, the cogs in Tristan's mind started to turn as he thought about the various pieces of equipment the young man could forge. 'Hmm… I think he wouldn't find any difficulty turning these materials into a dagger.'
'Then again, his line of thinking might be different than mine.' Deciding that he would find out his answer once he watched Valyr start to forge, Tristan stood by the sidelines as he allowed the young man to use his forging tools, which he did not mind since there was not really much for him to do thanks to the upcoming monster tide.
With that, Tristan watched as Valyr place the Melafir Essence and Azure Iron into the furnace, adding a bit more fuel to the flames as the latter allowed the flames to reach a higher temperature. At some point, the two items started to melt under the heat of the furnace, with the two eventually coming in contact with one another.
Whoosh!
At the very instant the two came in contact with one another, it was as if Tristan was watching two creatures fight against each other to the death, watching as the Melafir Essence and Azure Iron engulf one another as they gradually shrunk in size. Eventually, the melding process was finished, prompting Valyr to take out the fused metal from the furnace and place it on the anvil, deftly hammering out the metal flat before contorting it into a shape that Tristan could not recognize at first.
However, after a few more trips to the furnace and a bit more hammering, the general shape of the equipment Valyr was forging gradually came to light, allowing Tristan to realize as his eyes briefly widened in surprise. 'Is he forging a metal glove?'
'He's definitely forging a metal glove.' Just as the question had popped up in his mind, the answer to his question also came about not long after, watching Valyr bend parts of the metal that would act as the grooves for the finger as he added joints to them, giving them the ability to move once worn by someone.
After that, he placed the rough metal glove in the furnace for a bit before taking it out sometime later, using a chisel to bore a few small holes on the surface of the glove, something Tristan quickly realized as the places where the Sand Serpent Fangs and the Blazefield Stone Valyr grabbed earlier would be put on.
Unsurprisingly, Tristan's train of thought was correct, with Valyr inlaying the Sand Serpent Fangs where the base knuckles of the fingers where, while the Blazefield Stone could be found at the center of the glove, acting as a centerpiece to the entire item.
Once he had made sure that they were placed correctly, he then put the entire thing into the furnace for a couple of minutes, much to Tristan's confusion, before taking it out once more, hammering out the small imperfections that Tristan felt was a useless endeavor.
"Here you go." With the anger and annoyance he had been feeling earlier gone now that he was done forging the item, Valyr gave the complete item for Tristan to check, prompting the latter to faintly nod in response before proceeding to activate [Analysis] on the metal glove.
After that… what he found out next left him at a loss for words.
Chapter 338: A Token Of Appreciation

Silence.
Silence filled the entirety of Tristan's body as he read through the description of the item Valyr had given him, being a metal glove that had the Sand Serpent Fangs as protrusions on its knuckles. Under the rays of the sun, the metal glove had a faint orange-red sheen to it, mostly due to the Blazefield Stone embedded in the center.
Nevertheless, even though the metal glove was aesthetically pleasing to look at, Tristan's attention still remained fixated on the screen filled with text before him, his expression wide-eyed as it took a while for his expression to return to normal.
"Rare+…" Tristan muttered in shock as he closed the small screen in front of his field of vision, shifting his gaze onto the young man that had just forged the metal glove he was holding. "You… you really made this…"
"I may have only been away from the village for over a month, but I've honed my forging skills a lot since then." Valyr looked at his good friend, inwardly feeling great delight over the shock that was incredibly visible on the man's face. "I've definitely picked up a lot of skills along the way."
"I can definitely see that…" Taking some time to get over the shock the piece of equipment Valyr had given to him, Tristan took in a deep breath as the gears in his mind turned. Not long after, a faint light glinted his eyes as he posed a question to Valyr. "Mind if you teach me a thing or two on how you forged this metal glove?"
"I thought you didn't believe in the fact I have the ability to forge high rarity equipment?" Though he did not really mind teaching the one who had allowed him to trek the path of blacksmithing once more a couple of things, Valyr thought that now was the best choice to rub salt in an open wound, evident by the bitter smile on Tristan's face once he heard what the former said.
"I mean… I did have an idea back then you were something else." Tristan wryly chuckled. "After all, you could forge Common+ grade equipment without much problem even though you've only been forging stuff for a month at that time."
"Who knew it would continue to snowball from there?" The bitter smile on Tristan's face slightly widened.
Responding to Tristan's words with a bitter smile of his own, Valyr briefly scratched the back of his head before letting out a faint sigh, asking the former to give the metal glove back to him. "Who knew, indeed."
"Anyways, even though I don't really mind teaching you a bit of what I learned after I left the village, the monster tide is coming up in a few days, so how about we talk about it after the tide?"
"Fine by me." In response to Valyr's words, Tristan shrugged his shoulders. "Either way, you're helping me out here since you're giving me a shot at finally being able to craft a piece of Rare grade equipment."
"Says the one who allowed me to walk the path of blacksmithing in the first place," said Valyr in response, causing Tristan to let out a faint chuckle not long after. "You really haven't made a piece of Rare grade equipment yet?"
"Not even once." Tristan shook his head. "The best I've done was a piece of equipment rated at Uncommon+ grade, and that item would be the metal knuckles I forged."
"Speaking of which, I should thank you for giving me the idea to forge a pair of metal knuckles," Tristan added to his statement soon after. "Because of it, I was able to finally clear a dungeon I've been wanting to clear for a long time already."
"Is that so?" Hearing Tristan thank him, a grin gradually crept up onto Valyr's lips as he looked at the metal glove he had forged. Recalling the other reason why he had forged the metal glove in the first place, the grin on his face turned into a smirk as he returned to the anvil.
"Give me a second."
"Hmm?" Seeing as Valyr returned to the anvil with the metal glove, watching as the young man started to hammer out the small imperfections on it, Tristan raised his eyebrow in curiosity as he decided to ask Valyr a question. "What are you doing?"
"Just a few modifications to the glove," said Valyr in response. "You'll see."
"Take your time, I guess." At those words, Tristan shrugged his shoulders as he watched Valyr hammer the metal glove nonstop, watching as the faint imperfections on the metal glove's surface gradually disappear with every swing.
Not long after, he felt as if the aura being emanated by the glove gradually grew stronger with every consecutive swing, at some point even sensing that the immediate surroundings felt a bit warmer than it normally did.
Eventually, Valyr placed the hammer to the side, prompting Tristan to think that the man was finished with his modifications. However, just as he was about to move closer to take a better look at the improved metal glove, the former started to infuse his own mana into the metal glove, causing the latter to take a few steps back as he felt a deeper part of the glove awaken in response to the infusion.
Shaking his head a couple times as he felt the mana he had infused into the glove not doing its job properly, Valyr continued to infuse more and more mana into it, using [True Prodigious Equipment Attribute Awakening] quite a lot on the metal glove to get an attribute awakening that met his standards. Fortunately, by the time he had spent around a thousand points of his mana into the glove, he had finally gotten the awakening he wanted, quickly identifying it with [Analysis] before giving it to Tristan.
"Here you go. Take a look."
"This…" Grabbing the metal glove once more, Tristan went ahead and used [Analysis] on it to see what kind of modifications Valyr had done to it, only to be left at a loss for words once again.
Ding!
[(+10) Glove of the Blazing Serpent] (Level 26)
Rarity: Rare+
Attack: 236 - 394
Additional Attributes:
> STR +8
> AGI +7
> DEX +8
A metallic glove that utilizes the best properties of Azure Iron, Melafir Essence, Sand Serpent Fangs, and Blazefield Stone, the blacksmith that had forged this piece of equipment had a certain person in mind, wanting to prove to that person that they had far improved since the last time they saw each other. However, the original intent behind the piece eventually changed, instead changing into something that the blacksmith thought he should have done a long time ago.
<Innate Skill 1: Flaming Vigor - With every successful hit landed on a being the user deems as an enemy, the skill increases the user's STR, DEX, and AGI stat by 0.1%, reaching a maximum of 2.5%.>
<Innate Skill 2: Serpentine Blaze - Moving one's arm in an uppercut motion, this skill allows the user to deal damage equivalent to 300% of the user's Attack stat on a single enemy, with a slight chance of the damage doubling if the area the glove lands on is considered vital. Has a chance to inflict a scorching effect on the enemy. Cooldown: 5 minutes. Cost: 1,500 MP.>
Remarks: A weapon that definitely isn't made with a berserker in mind.
It took a while for Tristan to get over the shock the description of the upgraded glove had given him, considering that the Attack stat it gave was far greater than what the pair of metal knuckles he had forged could give him. With that, the thought that Valyr had done this on purpose to show off in front of him appeared in his mind, prompting him to ask the young man sometime later if he was taking it back after he had gotten a good look at it.
However, the answer that he got from Valyr instead was…
"Oh no."
"That's all yours."
Chapter 339: The Calm Before The Storm

Silence.
Once more, silence filled the entirety of Tristan's body. However, this time around, it was not due to the shock he felt from reading the description of the newly improved metal glove he was holding.
Instead, the silence came from the words Valyr had spoken to him in response to his question.
"That's all yours."
Those three words lingered within Tristan's mind, the young man's voice sounding similar to church bells that had been rung near his ears as he failed to comprehend what Valyr had said at first. Fortunately, those same words eventually sunk in, causing Tristan's attitude to go through a full 180 degree turn as he gave the metal glove back to Valyr before waving his hands back and forth in refusal.
"Oh no, no, no! It's too precious!" said Tristan in response to Valyr's words, causing the latter's eyes to briefly widen in surprise from the abrupt change in his good friend's behavior.
"It really is all yours." Valyr looked at the metal glove he had been given for a bit before proceeding to try and give it back to the man in front of him. "After all, the materials used to forge this metal glove came from your smithy in the first place. Following that train of thought, we come to the conclusion that this metal glove is yours."
"But you were the one who forged the metal glove!" Tristan responded with a slightly loud voice. "If anything, you have the right to do whatever you want with it!"
"I do have the right to do whatever I want with it." Valyr nodded in agreement. "Thus, I choose to give the metal glove to you."
"And before you tell me you can't accept it one more time, let me tell you something." Just as Tristan was about to refuse the metal glove once more, Valyr interrupted him from doing so as the young man proceeded to tell the former a few things that lingered in his mind. "Earlier, you said that you didn't believe I had the skills to forge a piece of Epic grade equipment, so I went ahead and showed you that I did, forging the metal glove I'm currently holding."
"At first, I made it out of spite since your words ticked me off the wrong way." Valyr looked at Tristan with a solemn expression, briefly shrugging his shoulders as he told the latter the truth of the matter. "However, once you took a look at the glove and I noticed the genuine awe you had on your face when you realized I did have the skills, I started to look at the metal glove I had forged a bit differently."
"What was a product of spite at first eventually turned into something I considered as a way to say thanks for allowing me to step on the path of blacksmithing, something I should have actually done a long time ago now that I think about it." As these words left Valyr's mouth, the young man slightly scratched his head as he let out a wry chuckle. "In other words, it would be nice if you could have it since it's my token of appreciation to you."
"Man…" Becoming silent for a bit as he processed the words Valyr had said to him, Tristan eventually let out a low sigh, feeling a bit sentimental over the entire matter as he started to look at the metal glove from a slightly different perspective.
However, just as he had come to the decision to accept the metal glove and thank the young man for forging such an item for him, Valyr decided to say something to Tristan that rubbed off the latter the wrong way as the young man's attitude took a 180 degree turn as well.
"Of course, if you really don't wanna accept it, then that's fine with me. I'll just put it in the furnace and crank up the heat as high as possible so it turns into a puddle of unusable slag."
"Darn you! That's the last thing I want you to do with it!"
…
After a bit of bickering between the two over what Valyr had said to rile up Tristan's emotions, the latter eventually accepted the metal glove the young man had forged, wielding it for quite some time to get a rough feeling of how it would feel when he was using it in combat.
Surprisingly, after both Valyr and Tristan realized that only one of the latter's hands would be covered by the metal glove, Valyr went ahead and forged a similar glove of a similar rarity, much to Tristan's immense shock. Deciding to use materials of an opposite nature for the second metal glove to possibly complement the first, the system unexpectedly rewarded Valyr for it, with the metal glove obtaining an innate skill that allowed it to deal greater damage when in contact with energy of opposing nature from the glove.
By the time he was done forging and upgrading the two metal gloves to Tristan's current level, it was already night time, causing Valyr to become slightly dejected as the main reason for him coming to the smithy had been forgotten. Of course, with how much Valyr had given to Tristan in the form of the two metal gloves, it was no surprise that the latter told the young man that he was allowed to use everything in the smithy the following day.
Which he did.
Once the sun started to peek out of horizon, which signaled the start of a new day, Valyr beelined to the smithy to upgrade his armor set and weapon, making sure to do those things first in order for him to not forget and end up wasting time on other tasks once more.
After he was done upgrading his items to the highest levels they could reach where he could still use them, he then urged Tristan to grab a meal with him for a breakfast, which the latter unsurprisingly agreed to.
While eating their respective meals, Tristan brought up the topic of smithies, prompting Valyr to talk about the brief time he owned a smithy of his own back in Clossbay City. Naturally, Tristan was quite surprised to hear that the young man before him had become the owner of the smithy, even for a short time.
Though, what truly surprised him was the amount of money Valyr had made within that short time.
Even though Valyr talked a bit about how much money he earned, satiating Tristan's curiosity in the topic, the thoughts in Valyr's mind wandered off into something else, prompting a question to form in his mind, which he thought that he would act upon once he returned to Algerie City after the monster tide.
After sharing a meal together, Valyr and Tristan then went on their separate ways, with the former heading back to the barracks, spending most, if not the entire next couple of days holed up in his dormitory to polish his considerably decent level of control over magic he had in the past even further.
Eventually…
Ding!
[You have received the emergency quest: Astarto Monster Tide.]
[Proceed to the outskirts of the Astarto Village as quickly as possible.]
Chapter 340: Monster Tide: Round Two

"Mnnh…" Still in the midst of traveling the far expanses of dream land, Valyr was forced to cut off his journey short as the sound of loud sirens blared in his mind, leaving him no choice but to return to reality as his immediate sight was greeted by screens filled with large texts in red in front of him.
Ding!
[You have received the emergency quest: Astarto Monster Tide.]
[Proceed to the outskirts of the Astarto Village as quickly as possible.]
Scratching the back of his head as he gave his consciousness time to adjust to his current surroundings, Valyr let out a low sigh as he removed all of the screens that had popped up in front of his field of vision, getting out of bed to go through his usual morning routine.
While doing so, he took a look at the emergency quest he had received, checking to see the difference between the quest he had gotten now and the quest he had gotten back then now that he was more alert.
"Hmm… I see." Allowing the cold water to flow down his body as he took a quick shower to fully wake himself up, Valyr faintly nodded in understanding as he was finished reading through the description of the quest. "The objective has remained the same, but the rewards for participating in the monster tide has increased."
"Then again, why would it not increase? After all, we're up against a medium-scale monster tide this time around."
Getting out of the bathroom, Valyr swiftly dried himself off before putting on a set of loose clothes, which he thought would act as a sort of undergarment for what he was going to put on next.
Whoosh!
Infusing a bit of mana into the spatial bracelet Braum had given to him for the journey, the pieces making up the newly enhanced Nascent Wyvern Armor set appeared out of thin air before falling on top of Valyr's bed. Seeing as the scales covering the outer surface of the armor pieces slightly tore up the sheet covering the mattress, a bitter smile briefly appeared on his face as he scratched his head, wondering how he would explain to Damian later what happened to his bed.
"I'll think about that later." Of course, as this thought lingered in his mind, he went ahead and put on the Nascent Wyvern Armor set, feeling the power contained within the armor fusing with the immensely high combat power he already had as a Rank 2 class holder.
A Mythic Rank 2 class holder.
As this was the first time he had put the entire Nascent Wyvern Armor set on, Valyr took a couple of minutes to familiarize himself with the feeling of newfound strength the armor set had given him. With that, he did a few basic movements with the armor on, inwardly glad that the armor set still did not hamper his movements that much, just like its previous version did.
Once he was done with the basic movements, he then moved onto movements that were a bit more intense, such as combat stances and a couple movements used in basic combat. After that doing for a bit, Valyr eventually thought that it was time for him to head to where the others were, affixed Sana behind his back as he sent a message to his spear.
'Ready to become stronger?'
'I'm always ready, Master.' In response, an eager voice resounded within Valyr's mind, causing him to let out a chuckle as he finally made his way out of his room and towards the outskirts of the village.
…
"You're finally here." Sensing an entity radiating an aura that far surpassed his gradually getting closer to him, Damian turned around to see who had such an aura, only for a faint smile to appear on his face as he greeted the young man that had appeared before him. "Did you eat breakfast before coming here?"
"Why would I not?" Taking off his helmet, Valyr flashed a slight grin at Damian as he let out a chuckle not long after. "It's probably the only thing inside the village that's reminding we're up against a monster tide."
"In any case, there's quite a lot more people helping the village defend the monster tide this time around," said Valyr after that, shifting his gaze towards the great number of people that surrounded both him and Damian. Turning his head to look back at the man beside him, he then asked, "How many people are we looking at here? A hundred or so?"
"Around a hundred and fifty, actually," answered Damian in response, causing Valyr's eyes to briefly widen in surprise, only for it to return to normal not long after as he had an idea why that was the case. "It's all thanks to the Basic Reinforcement Elixir recipe you've given us that we could have this many people defending the village this time around."
"I had a feeling that was the case." With Damian's words confirming his thoughts, Valyr turned his attention back to the people that surrounded them, noticing that only a small number of them gave off an aura that was at the level of someone below the peak of Rank 0.
In contrast, most of the people that had participated to defend against the upcoming monster tide either gave off the aura of someone at the peak of Rank 0 or someone at the early levels of Rank 1, prompting Valyr to inwardly nod in satisfaction as he took a look at the wave of monsters they would be fighting up against, seeing that the first wave of monsters more or less matched the strength of the majority that had participated.
Of course, Valyr also noticed that quite a few people gave off the energy of someone at the middle and later levels of Rank 1, causing him to look back at Damian as he wondered what he would have these people during the monster tide. 'Some of them will probably end up as leaders and deputy leaders of a couple teams. Probably.'
"Now that I think about it, where are Tristan and Myst?" As Valyr asked this question to Damian, the former recalled that Tristan was still busy forging a piece of equipment the previous day, while Myst had returned from the Experience Pits around the afternoon of the same day.
"Tristan told me that he's on his way pretty soon, while Myst is at the makeshift cafeteria, getting some breakfast before heading here." Hearing those words from Damian's mouth, Valyr nodded in response before shifting his gaze towards the monster tide out on the horizon.
Looking at what they were up against in silence for a short bit, a thought eventually surfaced in Valyr's mind, causing him to ask a question to the man beside him.
"Say, Damian."
"What is it?"
"Is it possible for me to lead the first wave?"
"Alone?"
Chapter 341: Appearance Of The Dark Night

"Did you get a bit of sleep at the very least?" Making their way through the Astarto Village gates, a young woman and a man in his late twenties, both of which were donning a full set of armor, appeared in the outskirts, their expressions that of slight awe as they took in the surprising number of people that decided to participate in the current monster tide.
"Look at my face and tell me." Once the awe the two felt had eventually disappeared, Tristan looked at the young woman beside him as the expression on his face became solemn. "Do you really think I got even a wink of sleep if my face looks like this?"
"You tell me." In response, Myst shrugged her shoulders as the two of them weaved their way through the crowd, eventually appearing at the frontlines. "Because that thin layer of soot on your face is definitely not helping you out here."
Hearing the young woman's words, Tristan stopped in his tracks as he lightly rubbed his face, only to see that his hands had taken on a slight dark gray color after doing so. Sucking in a bit of cold air through his teeth, Tristan took out the cloth he took with him, which he was supposed to use to polish the metal gloves he currently wore from time to time, and used it to wipe off the soot away from his face.
In the meantime, Myst had made her way to where Damian and Valyr stood, noticing that the two of them were discussing about something related to the monster tide from what she could hear. Deciding to let them finish their topic, she stood behind them in silence before eventually letting her presence be known to the two, causing them to shift their attention to her as slight smiles appeared on their faces.
"Got enough rest, I presume?" Valyr posed the question to Myst, who flashed a bitter smile in response.
"Enough rest to not mess up at the very least," said Myst before letting out a wry chuckle. "The journey back here definitely drained a lot more energy out of me than I thought it would. If anything, I want to sleep in bed for a couple more hours, but alas, I am the village's guardian."
"And I'm the village's Tidebreaker." Seeing that the young woman before him had referenced the title she had been given, Valyr decided to take the opportunity to reference one of his own titles as well. "But you haven't seen me in the village for the past month or so."
"I mean…" Hearing Valyr's words, Myst let out a bit of laughter, with Tristan finally appearing in front of the trio. "You're here to help the village out during its monster tide, so I can say without a doubt that you're following the name of your title pretty well."
"I forgot to ask you this when you returned to the village yesterday." Letting out a peal of laughter in response to Myst's words, Valyr shifted the topic to something he thought he should have asked the young woman yesterday. "Since you've gone through the Experience Pit and all that, what level are you currently on at the moment?"
"I could only get to Level 25," said Myst in response, a wry smile adorning her face. "I'm still not fully used to the skills the subclass gave me, that's why I could only reach the peak of Rank 1. If I had a bit more time to grind in the Experience Pit, or if I had better control over the skills the subclass gave me, I would definitely be Rank 2 right now."
"Anyways, how do you know about the Experience Pit?" Once she was done answering Valyr's question, Myst decided to throw back a question of her own to the man. "Did Damian or Tristan tell you about it?"
"Found them myself while I was outside the village, actually." As he responded to the question, a relaxed smile adorned Valyr's face. "Consider my surprise when I found out from the two that you were grinding XP in an Experience Pit."
"Well, banter aside, shall we talk about the monster tide that we're up against?" Feeling that they had already spent too much time talking about things that were not related to the monster tide, Valyr went ahead and shifted the topic once more. "While we've been waiting for the two of you to come, the volunteer reconnaissance team has gathered enough information regarding the strength of the various waves making up the monster tide."
"We're all ears." Hearing these words come out of Tristan's mouth in response, Myst nodded in agreement as the two waited for either Damian or Valyr to start talking.
"The general level of the monsters making up the first wave is Level 10, basically the peak of Rank 0." Nodding back in response to Tristan's words, Valyr proceeded to go over what he, Damian, and the reconnaissance team had collected so far. "There would be no problem for the village to defend against this wave, actually."
"Sadly, that's the only wave where there's no problem," said Damian as he continued where Valyr had left off. "The second to fourth wave quickly ramp up in terms of strength, with each wave being made up of monsters five levels higher than the monsters from the wave that came before it."
"So, Level 15, Level 20, and Level 25?" Frowning at the information he had heard from the two, Tristan looked at the people that had participated in the monster tide, instantly coming to the conclusion that they would only be able to clear the fourth wave if they were willing to ignore a few casualties. "Is that all of the waves making up the tide?"
In response to the question, Damian and Valyr shook their heads as a bitter smile appeared on the latter's face. However, just as Damian was about to tell them the answer…
Rumble…
"It seems the monster tide has finally sent its first wave out." Letting out a low sigh, Damian quickly turned around to look at the large horde of monsters heading their way, rapidly closing the distance between the two sides in a span of seconds.
Infusing mana into his voice, Damian's voice boomed throughout the field, causing everyone to look in the direction of the voice as they followed the orders he gave them.
"Men! Get into position!"
"Leaders! Deputy leaders! Command your members to get into defensive formation!"
"Make sure to stand your ground no matter what!"
"Alright." Taking in a deep breath after giving out orders, Damian's voice returned to normal as he let out a soft sigh. Patting Valyr on the shoulder, the man looked at him directly in the eye and said, "I've done everything on my end."
"Now give 'em hell."
"With pleasure." Grinning in response, Valyr nodded as he looked at the three before nodding once more. Then, bending his knees, he utilized the entirety of his AGI stat as he dashed towards the horde of monsters that were continuing to near the frontlines.
Whoosh!
Noticing that one of the people participating in the defense against the monster tide had decided to dive in headfirst into the horde out of nowhere, all of their attention was fixated on the young man who decided to move on his own, wondering what was going on in the young man's head for him to make such a rash move.
However, it wouldn't be long until they found out that this move…
…was not rash at all.
"[Limit Break]."
"[Offense Aura]."
"[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]."
…
…
…
"[Shadow Serpent Style]."
"[Tide of the Dark Night]."
Chapter 342: Clash Of Two Tides

Whoosh!
In response to him moving his spear in an upward arc, Valyr felt his body connect with another source of energy, an energy that seemed to only carry the intent of destruction and despair within its every strand. Not long after, this energy within him transformed into a dark wave that manifested only a few centimeters away, causing his eyes to open wide as he gazed at what he had just done.
"This…" Recalling the previous time he had activated [Tide of the Dark Night], Valyr remembered that the dark wave that had been formed from the activation of the skill was only around a few meters tall, only to dissipate after moving in a singular direction for 10 seconds straight.
In contrast, the dark wave that stood before him was close to 10 meters tall, spanning a width that would be more than enough to engulf even a decently sized house whole. If this wave of Shadow Energy in front of him took a similar path to the first time he had activated the skill, Valyr would just chalk it up to the significant increase in his stats and think of the skill as utterly terrifying.
However, terrifying was not even enough to describe the scene that he and those at the frontlines were witnessing. If one were to think of a word that would perfectly describe the situation, then that word would ultimately be…
Chaos.
Rather than take on a straight path like how Valyr would expect [Tide of the Dark Night] to take, the wave of Shadow Energy instead expanded with every monster it engulfed, snowballing in size with every passing second. Because of this sight, all of those at the frontlines watched this scene unfold with their eyes wide and their mouths slack-jawed, utterly speechless as they wondered whether what they were seeing was real.
Even Valyr felt a similar sensation to those at the frontlines, wondering if the power he wielded at the moment was truly the root cause of the sight that appeared before him, the ground taking on a black tinge wherever the dark wave moved.
At that moment, everyone on the side of the village had turned silent, watching as painful cries resounded throughout the battlefield, coming from the monsters making up the first wave, all of them slowly but surely engulfed by the wave of Shadow Energy.
Eventually, at some point, the wave of dark energy Valyr had summoned out of thin air more or less covered over half of the battlefield, with the only way they found out that the wave was still doing its job was through the wails and cries from the monsters they faintly heard from the other side.
Naturally, the monsters that were yet to come in contact with the dark wave started to run back to where the main tide was, the fear of death having a greater control over them instead of the order the leader of the tide had given them. Unfortunately, with all of the monsters making up the tide all being Level 10, this action was only delaying the inevitable, with all monsters of the first wave eventually succumbing to the [Tide of the Dark Night] as the latter soon disappeared without a trace.
"…" At the moment [Tide of the Dark Night] had disappeared from the sight of both sides, silence completely covered the battlefield, with only the wind blowing throughout the area serving as a faint reminder of time continuing to pass. Nevertheless, both the defending side and the attacking side still stood where they were, their minds replaying the scene that they had just watched unfold earlier.
"Holy heck." The first to eventually snap back to reality was the man who had summoned [Tide of the Dark Night] in the first place, letting out a few curses in utter disbelief at what had transpired just a couple minutes earlier. "Holy  heck."
Taking in a few deep breaths to compose himself, he slowly turned around to make his way back to the frontlines, all of them watching him return as he dashed at the greatest speed his body could muster. While doing so, he commanded the system to bring up his status screen, recalling the amount of damage each monster suffered from the dark wave.
"Am I really that powerful?" With the thought of all those monsters basically disintegrating from the 10,000 damage they received from coming in contact with the wave lingering in his mind, Valyr shifted his gaze to the screen that had appeared before him just as he appeared in front of Tristan and the others, only to be left at a loss for words once more at what he saw.
Ding!
[Valyr Zeihardt]
Class: True Prodigious Blacksmith (Rank 2 — Mythic)
Subclass: Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer (Uncommon)
Species: Human (2nd Unsealing)
Level: 33
Power Level: 7,460 (B++)
Unused XP: 1,338,600
HP: 9,981/9,981
MP: 6,603/6,603
Attack: 2,060 - 2,157 (2,841 - 2,938)
Defense: 2,361 - 3,158
Stats: 364 (392) VIT, 268 (295) STR, 245 (270) AGI, 420 (473) DEX, 249 (285) INT, 100 (112) WIS, 154 (172) PER, 60 LUK (32 unassigned points)
Remarks: With all due politeness… what in the actual heck.
"What the heck…" inwardly cursed Valyr in great disbelief as he looked at the values that were on his screen. "What in the actual heck…"
Though he had already come to terms with how powerful having a Mythic class in the early class ranks were, giving him the ability to fight against Rank 2 class holders and even win while he was still Rank 1, it was only now did the advantage a Mythic class gave to him finally sink in, allowing him to thrash hundreds of beings at a lower class rank with just a single move.
Of course, he also took his Epic grade armor set and his subclass into consideration, knowing that they were also key factors that contributed to the power he now had.
"Hey, Valyr. You good?" While Valyr was in the midst of calming himself down by taking a few more deep breaths, Tristan came up to him and asked him if he was okay. In response, Valyr nodded only after taking a couple more deep breaths, letting out a long sigh as he closed the screen before him.
Seeing that Valyr had returned to them, Damian went ahead and yelled out an order to the other wings making up the village's defense, prompting them to snap out of their shock as they prepared for the following wave. As Damian took a quick look at the side they were fighting against, noticing that they were fortifying the second wave, he looked at Valyr for a bit before deciding to ask him a question.
"What was that?"
"A skill," Valyr succinctly replied before flashing a bitter smile. "A skill I wasn't expecting to be that strong."
"Really?" Tristan raised his eyebrow in slight doubt. "With how confident you made your way to the main part of the battlefield, it looked like you had an idea of what kind of attack you were unleashing."
"I did have an idea of what I was doing." Valyr nodded in agreement, the bitter smile on his face still there. "It's just that the attack ended up being far more than what I bargained for."
"It would be nice if you could stop bickering for the meantime." At that point, Damian decided to cut their conversation short. "We still have a few more waves to go up against."
"We aren't bickering," replied Tristan, to which Valyr briefly shrugged his shoulders.
"Anyway." In response, Damian briefly shrugged his shoulders as well, only to turn his attention to Valyr soon after. "With how you were able to fight against the first wave on your own…"
"Do you want to take charge of the second wave as well?"
"Or do you want to let the others move this time around?"
Chapter 343: Blademaster At The Frontlines

"I'd suggest you have the others move for this next wave." Surprisingly, it did not take long for Valyr to come up with an answer, lightly scratching the back of his head as he let out an awkward chuckle. "I feel like I've already done more than enough for the defense anyway."
"Are you sure?" Damian raised his eyebrow in curiosity. "Using the move you unleashed earlier on this next wave would definitely help speed up the clearing of the monster tide. On top of that, you'd reduce the casualties from this defense if you make a move."
"That may be true." Valyr bitterly smiled, only to shift his gaze towards the other people that accompanied them in the defense. "However, I feel like I would be making a mockery of the sacrifice of the people who volunteered to participate in the defense if I were to move once more."
"I don't think so." Pondering over Valyr's words in silence, Damian eventually shook his head in response. "Although these people did volunteer to participate in the defense against the monster tide, almost all of these people had joined the defense, confident that they'd be able to survive through the waves the tide would throw at us thanks to their heightened stats."
"Only a few of them would be truly willing to lay their lives for the village," said Damian with a faint sigh. "Almost all of them would definitely turn tail and run."
"I don't know why you're going about this in a roundabout way, Valyr." Taking a look at the monster tide far into the horizon, Tristan noticed that the number of monsters making up the second wave continued to gradually increase by the second, as if to compensate for how the first wave was decimated by just one person. "You just have to pick one of the two. There's nothing difficult about that, no?"
"Unless… that skill you unleashed earlier has a long cooldown?" As this question came out of Tristan's mouth, Damian looked at Tristan for a bit in realization before turning to look back at Valyr, inwardly admonishing himself for forgetting about that fact. However, just as he expected Valyr to tell the two of them that his skill indeed had a long cooldown, what he heard instead was something he was sure to remember.
"Not really." Valyr shook his head, commanding the system to bring up the description of [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] in his mind, only to find out that [Tide of the Dark Night] only had a cooldown of about a minute or so. "It only has a cooldown of about a minute. If anything, it's the mana cost that's the problem."
"But you can still use the skill, right?" Damian asked in response to Valyr's answer, to which the latter responded with a faint nod.
"If that's the case, why do you still want the others to make a move if your skill could make sure there are no casualties?" Tristan asked with a slight frown.
"Because we have someone else who's also raring to show everyone how much she's improved." As these words came out of Valyr's mouth, Valyr looked in the direction of a certain person as a smile gradually crept up onto his lips. "Isn't that right, Myst?"
"I wouldn't mind if you were to clear the monster tide on your own. It would be for the greater good of the village, after all." With Tristan and Damian looking in the same direction Valyr was looking in, Myst responded to Valyr's words with a shrug of her shoulders. Though, not long after, a faint grin appeared on her face.
"Though, I do have to admit that I want to see how much stronger I've become."
"As you should." Nodding in agreement with Myst's words, Valyr let out a chuckle. After that, he pondered over a few things for a bit, gazing at the monster tide every once in a while before eventually looking at Damian. "Hmm… how about this?"
"For this wave, how about we let Myst move on her own, then have the other people back her up if she's finding difficulty in clearing the wave?"
"Of course, with the disparity between their levels, the others would group up before fighting against the monsters," said Valyr as he briefly scratched his head. "Then, if there's still a problem in clearing the second wave, I make a move."
"What do you think, Myst?" After Valyr was finished explaining his idea, Damian looked at Myst in front of him, to which the latter briefly frowned before letting out a faint sigh not long after.
"Though it feels like you're saying that my combat power wouldn't be enough to clear the second wave, it does kind of put me at ease to know that we won't lose any people from this." As these words came out of Myst's mouth, Valyr wryly smiled in response. "Let's go with that, then."
"Alright." Nodding, Damian infused mana into his voice before allowing it to resound throughout the area once more. "Men! Heed my command!"
"For this upcoming wave, make sure to be prepared to fight at any moment!"
"Group yourselves into teams of four and wait for my signal!"
"Sir, yes, sir!" With most of the people responding to Damian's words in unison, the people surrounding Valyr and the others started to get into formation, following the orders Damian had given, with the people making up the other wings of the defense following suit not long after.
Rumble…
"Here they come!" Coincidentally, the monster tide far into the horizon decided to finally send out their second wave, being made up of monsters at Level 15, with their numbers at least thrice as much as the wave that came before. Seeing this, Damian looked at Myst, who had stepped forward, before giving her a nod.
"You've got this." Seeing as Myst was in the process of preparing herself, Valyr decided to give her a few words of encouragement before she moved into the battlefield. In response, Myst looked back and nodded before getting into a battle stance, darting towards the horde of monsters not even an instant later.
"Of course, I do."
Whoosh!
Though she moved at a speed that was considerably slower than what Valyr was able to muster, Myst was still able to cross the gap between the frontlines and the rampaging monsters of the second wave within a few seconds, with the monsters that were near her slightly wary as they recalled the attack that had appeared before.
Taking note of this, Myst stopped earlier than she initially planned to, unsheathing the blade on the side of her waist before raising up above her head. Then, not even a second after, a piercing white light covered the entirety of Myst's blade as she imbued more and more mana into it, causing the piercing feeling to grow even more intense.
"[Nascent Perennial Blade Intent]."
At that moment, all of the monsters that were heading in her direction stopped in their tracks, taking a look to see if they would need to turn tail and run back to the main tide. However, before they could even do so, Myst swiftly slashed out in a wide horizontal arc, causing a wave of piercing white light to cascade over the monsters as they fell to their deaths one by one.
"[Perennial Blade Arts]."
"[Perpetual Crescent]."
Chapter 344: Soloing The Second Wave

Swoosh!
"Huh." With his mouth slightly agape, Valyr watched the aura Myst was emanating undergo a massive strength boost within seconds, with her blade being shrouded in a piercing white light not long after as she swung it in a wide horizontal arc, an apt response to the monsters that were nearing her.
Though the damage she was dealing was a far cry from the damage Valyr's [Tide of the Dark Night] was able to dish out, only achieving damage into the four digits instead of five, it was still more than enough damage to kill the Level 15 monsters that came into contact with the [Perpetual Crescent] Myst had unleashed…
Which only grew larger as time passed.
With every passing second, the arc of white light grew to a larger size, allowing it to render more monsters dead within the same amount of time. At this sight, Myst briefly stood where she was, taking in a deep breath as she watched the arc of white light do its thing before proceeding to another section of the second wave.
Seeing this, Valyr watched the entire scene unfold in front of him in silence for a bit before the gears in his mind started to fully turn, allowing him to realize what was going on. 'Since she's heading to another part of the monster tide, then that means…'
"[Perpetual Crescent]!"
Swoosh!
Appearing a fair distance away to the left of the first arc of white light she had unleashed, Myst slashed out in a wide horizontal arc once more, causing yet another arc of white light to appear on the battlefield, which seemed to be the scythe of the grim reaper from the perspective of the monsters.
However, at the very moment Myst had unleashed a second [Perpetual Crescent], many of the defenders at the frontlines, waiting for Damian's signal to charge and fight, could not help but recall the scene that had transpired just a couple minutes earlier, recalling the tyranny Valyr's attack had over the first wave when compared to what they were seeing at the moment.
"I knew it." With Myst unleashing a second [Perpetual Crescent] right in front of them, Valyr's suspicions had been confirmed, causing a bitter smile to appear on his face as he compared the skill he had unleashed earlier to the skill in front of him right now.
In terms of destructiveness, Valyr felt like [Tide of the Dark Night] and [Perpetual Crescent] were both at a high level, considering that both skills were able to wipe out a great number of monsters in just a single move. Unfortunately, unlike [Tide of the Dark Night], which aimed to spread like wildfire and engulf every monster it came across, [Perpetual Crescent] had a limit on how much it could expand, not even taking up a tenth of the area Valyr's skill could cover.
But where [Tide of the Dark Night] shone in being able to cover a large area, [Perpetual Crescent] made up for it with its insane longevity.
Puchi! Puchi! Puchi!
Although it had already been a few minutes since Myst had unleashed first [Perpetual Crescent], the arc of white light was still there, cutting the Level 15 monsters horizontally into two as five of these arcs now roamed the battlefield. At this point, thoughts of Myst being weaker than Valyr had already been dispelled in the minds of the people that thought about it in the first place, instead thinking that the two of them were just specializing in two different aspects of combat.
Seeing as Myst more or less had the second wave under control on her own, working in tandem with the arcs of white light she had unleashed by killing any monsters that made it past them with her blade, Valyr decided to take a look at Myst's stats through [Analysis], curious as to how strong she has gotten in order for her to dish out that much damage.
Ding!
[Myst Verielle] (Level 25)
Class: Gale Blade (Rank 1 — Uncommon)
Subclass: Perennial Blademaster (Epic)
Power Level: C++
HP: 1,359/1,359
MP: 235/567
Stats: 88 (107) VIT, 118 (149) STR, 170 (216) AGI, 126 (159) DEX, 45 INT, 44 WIS, 44 PER, 32 LUK
Remarks: A monster in her own right. Has the ability to fight Rank 2 class holders to a standstill. You're still more monstrous, though.
'Wait a second…' While looking through the screen of information that had appeared in front of his field of vision, Valyr's attention eventually focused on a certain line of text that caused him to raise his eyebrows in curiosity. 'She was already able to upgrade her subclass to Epic grade?'
As far as he could remember, he had given Alfaera the Subclass Change Scroll that contained the Perennial Blademaster subclass around a month ago, who gave it to Myst as she was better suited to be called the village's guardian. However, he was certain that the Perennial Blademaster subclass started off at Rare grade, only having the potential to evolve to Epic and Legendary grade later down the line.
'So you're telling me that she was able to upgrade her subclass to Epic grade within a month?' At this thought, a slightly stupefied smile crept up onto Valyr's lips as he shook his head. 'Crazy.'
'In any case, I'm surprised she's still pushing the second wave back, considering how clunky the Supreme Astarto Defense Armor set is.' Closing up the screen he had brought up, Valyr watched Myst continue to fight against the monsters of the second wave, unleashing a few other techniques from the [Perennial Blade Arts] from time to time to make sure she still had the upper edge.
"Now that I think about it, did you awaken the attributes on the armor set Myst is wearing, Tristan?" As he continued to watch Myst fight against the monsters, noticing that she was slowly but surely losing her ground against the monsters, Valyr turned to look at Tristan before asking him a question.
"Pretty sure I only enhanced the armor up to Level 20, as well as the blade she's using at the moment." Tristan briefly scratched his head. "I think I also refined all of them to the highest level they could go, but that's pretty much all I did… I think."
"Is that so?" Nodding in response, Valyr turned to look back at the battlefield before letting out a faint sigh, prompting Tristan to think that there was a reason behind the question.
"Is there anything wrong?" With that, Tristan posed a question to the young man, to which the latter shook his head in response.
"Not really. But…"
"But… what?"
"Well… you'll see."
Chapter 345: It's Berserking Time

"Graaaoooo!!!" Although it had already been around ten minutes or so since the second wave had begun, with Myst doing her best to keep the entire wave in check all this time, the limits of her strength finally started to become apparent at this moment, with a far greater number of monsters now able to slip past her and charge their way towards the frontlines.
"Agh!" Nevertheless, even though she felt like almost all of the energy inside her body had been spent, Myst still slashed out at the monsters that got past her, sending out a blade of white light that was barely enough to kill the stragglers, keeping the status quo.
"I think I've found my limit." Catching her breath as she watched the battlefield before her, Myst noticed that the power behind the five [Perpetual Crescents] she had sent out earlier was now less than half than what it was at first. Though it was still more than enough to kill the monsters it came in contact with in one hit, the speed at which these arcs of white light traversed the battlefield was significantly slower than before, allowing her to realize why it was gradually becoming more and more difficult to keep the monsters in check.
Letting out a low sigh, she turned around to look at the defenders at the frontlines, eventually focusing her gaze on Valyr and the others. After a couple of seconds, Myst noticed Valyr nod at her, which caused her to nod back in response as she had a feeling she knew what the young man was conveying through the nod.
"I hope my hunch is right." Taking in a deep breath, Myst turned around to face the wave of monsters once again. Then, letting out a loud roar, the white light surrounding her blade grew brighter than ever before as she felt energy well up in her body.
After that, she raised her blade up into the sky before slashing down in one swift motion, causing a column of monsters to swiftly disappear from existence. At that moment, the monsters that seemed to have gained hope in being able to break past the young woman fighting against them had lost it once more.
After all, it seemed that she still had more left in the tank.
"[Perennial Blade Arts]."
"[Ephemeral Slash]."
…
"I see what you mean now." Noticing that some of the monsters Myst was pushing back had finally been able to break past her, Tristan had a look of realization on his face as he shifted his gaze towards Valyr, his expression turning into a solemn frown not long after. "So, what now?"
"What else?" Valyr shrugged his shoulders in response, turning his head to look at the man that had been watching the fight unfold all this time. "Damian, I think it's about time."
"I had a feeling." Damian nodded in agreement, letting out a faint sigh not long after. "Though I'm sure Myst could still last for a bit longer, I don't want to lose a strong member of the regiment from such a stupid decision."
"But more importantly, I don't want to lose a member of the village like this." Taking in a deep breath, Damian infused his mana into his voice in preparation for the order he was about to give to the others at the frontlines. However, just as the first word barely escaped the man's mouth, Damian was forced to stop as he felt someone placed a hand on his shoulder, causing him to turn around to see who it was.
"Mind if I give it a shot?" As the question escaped Tristan's mouth, an eager grin appeared on the man's face while looking at Damian.
"You sure?" Unsurprisingly, Damian did not reject the idea outright, instead asking his good friend if he was certain with his decision.
"Relax." In response, Tristan let out a light cackle. "I may not be as strong as Valyr here, but I'm still a Rank 2 class holder, you know?"
"Plus, my hands have been itching for action for quite some time already." Saying these words, Tristan clenched his fists in slight excitement as he raised them up. "Especially since I want to see how much of a difference these metal gloves Valyr made me would make."
"Haah…" Listening to Tristan's explanation, Damian eventually let out a low sigh as he looked back at him. "Pretty sure you'd still go there even if I say no, right?"
"You know me very well." Tristan laughed in response to the question as he nodded.
"Go and give them hell, I guess." With that, Damian shrugged his shoulders as he gave Tristan the freedom to move out into the battlefield. "Just make sure to not get too caught up in fighting."
"But that's what makes it fun!" Grinning, Tristan nodded as he soon dashed at the fastest speed he could muster, prompting those at the frontlines still waiting for orders to focus their attention on the new person to arrive at the battlefield.
Of course, Myst also took note of Tristan's appearance in the battlefield while she continued to push the monsters back as much as she could, causing her to let out an inward sigh of relief as she felt like she would finally be able to take a break. With the thought lingering in her mind, Myst decided to push herself just a bit longer, hoping that Tristan would be more than ready to take her place.
"[Battle Mania]!" With a loud shout, Tristan's body started to glow a faint red as his eyes gained a slight crimson hue to them. Not long after, the faint light surrounding him swiftly transformed into a billowing flame, turning into a manifestation of his nature as a Battle Junkie as it gradually grew stronger the closer he got to the horde of monsters.
"Let's do this!" Letting out a loud cackle, he eventually ended up beside Myst, sending out a few punches around their immediate surroundings to give the latter some time to rest. Unsurprisingly, Myst took the chance as soon as possible, retreating a few steps back before thanking him as she caught her breath.
In response, Tristan nodded with a smile before turning to look back at the monsters before him, his expression quickly turning serious as he clenched his fists as tightly as possible. Just as faint cracks resounded from his fists the tighter he clenched them, the translucent billowing flame surrounding him grew in intensity, only to reach its peak as he sent both of his fists out.
"[Pinnacle Blow]!"
Chapter 346: A Swift Clearing

When comparing the various combat styles that had been shown during the current monster tide, Valyr greatly focused on dealing a great amount of damage through his skills, specializing in burst attacks. On the other hand, Myst focused on longevity, giving her the ability to deal a moderate yet still lethal amount of damage over a long period of time.
Though both of these combat styles had their own advantages and disadvantages when it came to the battlefield, with one shining in short fights while the other shone in fights of attrition, there was one that did not shine in terms of duration, but instead in terms of the number of enemies one fought against.
A combat style that gradually dealt more damage as time passed.
Tristan's combat style.
Naturally, this combat style was highly reliant on his Battle Junkie subclass, specifically the [Battle Mania] skill he had access to, which allowed him to build up power the more enemies he killed. In terms of the duration of fights the combat style specializes in, Tristan's combat style leaned more towards favoring longer battles more. On the other hand, in terms of combat power, his combat style could achieve a great amount of damage similar to the burst attack combat style, especially after netting enough kills.
Of course, a combat style like his also had its own disadvantages, such as not being able to show one's full potential in a short fight, or not being able to reach a high level of strength against a singular foe. Nevertheless, it was still the combat style Tristan swore upon, thinking of his subclass as just an extension of his ideology.
After all, to him, the greatest combat style was the style that allowed him to thrive in battle.
Bang!
Punching both of his fists out with great force, the translucent billowing flame surrounding his body moved in response, traveling through his extended arms before turning into a pair of translucent fists that headed in a singular direction, the force behind the fists gradually growing stronger the more monsters it killed.
"It definitely feels nice to be fighting again." Allowing the energy from the kills to course through his body as the billowing flame surrounding him gradually grew in intensity, Tristan closed his eyes for a bit before grinning, only to move to another section not long after as he sent out yet another [Pinnacle Blow].
Bang!
In terms of how many monsters Tristan's skill was able to kill, it sorely lacked even when compared to Myst's [Perpetual Crescent]. However, with the number of kills he had under in his belt continuing to accumulate, the power behind his skill grew in kind, with the fifth [Pinnacle Blow] he had sent out showing everyone watching the fight unfold something they didn't expect.
Boom!
After mowing down through a great number of monsters that made up the second wave, as if it had a mind of its own, the translucent fists Tristan had sent out seemed to have realized that they had finally gotten deep within the horde, which prompted the energy that they still had within them to burst out in one go.
Not even an instant after, a dome of energy similarly colored to the billowing flames surrounding Tristan's body appeared in the center of the second wave, causing a great portion of the monsters that had just barely missed the dome of terrifying energy to run back to the main tide, the fear of death controlling their bodies once more.
"[Perpetual Crescent]."
Puchi! Puchi! Puchi!
Unfortunately, after having been given enough time to rest and replenish her energy, Myst joined in the fight once more, deciding to focus on killing off the monsters that had the intent to return to the main tide while also helping Tristan kill the remaining monsters that made up the second wave.
"Guess it's time for me to go all out." Of course, Tristan was glad to have Myst fighting together with him, causing a large grin to appear on his face as he let out a loud cackle soon after. Rubbing his fists, he then allowed the energy within his body to accumulate before sending out in one go, punching out multiple times as translucent fists soon bombarded the battlefield, killing all the monsters that came in contact with it.
"[Raging Barrage]!"
"[Eternal Severing Array]!" Wanting to match the energy Tristan had shown during the fight, Myst decided to unleash a move that she had kept for purposes like these, being a skill that Riekan had helped her unlock after she had ascended her Perennial Blademaster subclass to Epic grade.
Thud!
Embedding her blade into the ground, with only a quarter of it being able to go through, Myst soon knelt on the ground as the piercing white light surrounding her blade earlier appeared once more, its energy spreading through the ground like wildfire while illuminating the paths it took.
Naturally, the monsters that had come across the white paths wondered to themselves as to where the white paths had come from, not feeling any malicious intent from them. However, just as their danger senses had alerted them to move away from the paths, it was already too late, with blades made out of white energy appearing out of the ground like spikes, killing monsters en masse.
"Now that's more like it!" Seeing the move Myst had unleashed in response to the barrage of fists he sent out, Tristan let out yet another cackle as he continued to keep up the current energy they had, allowing them to start pushing the monsters back before proceeding to whittle their numbers down.
Eventually, with Tristan's attacks growing more lethal the more he fought, and with Myst supporting him through the [Eternal Severing Array] she unleashed, the second wave had eventually become a thing of the past, finally giving the two some time to rest as they looked at each other with tired expressions, satisfied smiles appearing on their faces not long after.
Rumble…
"Oh, you've got to be kidding me…" With the ground rumbling not even a minute after the two had successfully cleared out the second wave, Tristan and Myst looked at each other with bitter smiles, thinking to themselves whether to retreat and have the others fight them or stay where they were and fight once more as the monsters making up the third wave were already on their way.
"Hey there. Mind if I join?" Fortunately for them, as if already expecting such a situation to happen once the second wave was cleared, a young man had appeared before the two and flashed a slight grin at them, which made them simultaneously let out inward sighs of relief.
"Be our guest," said Tristan in response with a tired chuckle. "We're utterly spent out here."
"Get that well-needed rest, then." In response, Valyr nodded before chuckling as well. "We're gonna need all of the energy we can muster for the last couple of waves, after all."
After saying these words, Valyr took a few steps forward, distancing himself from the two before taking in a deep breath as the expression on his face turned solemn. Then, extending his spear outward, he swung it in an upward arc, causing a wave of dark energy to appear on the battlefield once more.
"[Tide of the Dark Night]."
Chapter 347: The Deadly Trio

Whoosh!
Similar to what had transpired earlier during the first wave, a wave of dark energy appeared in response to the activation of Valyr's skill, though the size of the wave this time around was considerably smaller than it was earlier. This was due to the fact that he had activated the skill without activating any buffing skills beforehand, which Valyr had no problem with.
After all, the power behind the attack was still more than enough to clear out the third wave.
"Graaaooo!!!" Surprisingly, rather than flee from the sight of the dark wave that had killed their comrades from the first wave, the monsters that were directly in the trajectory of the dark tide seemed to have gained determination out of nowhere as they gave off the feeling that they would try to disperse the dark tide no matter what.
Naturally, Valyr and the others noticed how the monsters did not turn tail and run back to the main tide, instead wanting to face against the wave of dark energy head on as they all let out beastly roars with all their might. From the energy they were giving off in response to the dark tide, the defenders at the frontlines felt like the monsters had a chance to disperse the tide of death for a second, considering that the monsters making up the current wave were Level 20, monsters that were close to reaching the peak of Rank 1.
Of course, reality proved them otherwise, with the dark tide instead welcoming the monsters crashing against it head-on as it engulfed them without hesitation, killing them in one hit as it quickly began to spread throughout the battlefield within seconds.
At that moment, as if a switch was flipped in their brains, the monsters, who had made a foolhardy decision by deciding to charge at the wave of dark energy head-on instead of running away from it, began to feel immense fear once more as they watched their comrades disappearing into nothingness under the clutches of the dark tide. Without any other thoughts lingering in their minds, they began to turn around and dash as fast as they could en masse, wanting to get away from the wave of dark energy as much as possible.
Unexpectedly, as if the wave of dark energy had a mind of its own, the speed at which it expanded underwent a marginal increase, allowing it to catch up to the monsters that had decided to run away. With that, the dark wave had gone on a frenzy once more, killing every monster it came in contact with, eventually killing all of the monsters making up the third wave once more as no traces of their existence had been left behind.
"Haah…" Seeing as the dark wave started to dissipate on its own accord after doing its job, Tristan let out a long sigh as he shifted his gaze towards the young man that was making their way to where he and Myst stood. With a slight grin, he then said to him, "Now that I've seen it up close, I've made up my mind."
Hearing his words, Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity, wondering what Tristan meant by that. Though, not long after hearing the man's continuation, the former let out a brief cackle, while Myst beside Tristan listened to the side with a wry smile.
"I definitely don't want to fight against you, especially now that I know you have a move like that always at the ready." As these words came out of Tristan's mouth, the expression on his face was as serious as it could be, causing the cackle Valyr let out to grow louder as Myst continued to wryly smile at the conversation of the two.
"As if I don't know you still haven't unleashed that powerful skill your gloves have." After he was done laughing at Tristan's words, Valyr responded back as he looked at the metal gloves Tristan wore. "If anything, I'm the one who'd rather not fight against you."
"Though I'd hate to interrupt the conversation you two are having…" Seeing as they were still in the midst of defending against the monster tide, Myst decided to cut their conversation short as she brought up the topic of the upcoming wave. "We still have two more waves to fend off… I think."
"Do we have two more waves left?" At Myst's words, Tristan posed a question to Valyr, considering that he was the only one among the three of them who had an idea on how the waves would progress.
"Yeah." Nodding in response, the expression on Valyr's face gradually turned solemn. "There's the wave of Level 25 monsters I mentioned earlier, plus the final wave against the Tidemother."
"Did you and Damian get any information on how strong the Tidemother is?" Tristan asked in response, prompting Valyr to nod back, only for a bitter smile to adorn his face not long after.
"Remember how strong the Lesser Tidemother we fought during the previous monster tide was?" Asking this question to the two, Valyr was not surprised to see the two of them nod, considering that both of them were part of the main attack force back then.
"Level 25, no? The peak of Rank 1," asked Tristan.
"The Tidemother we're going to fight this time around is also at the peak," said Valyr as he nodded in agreement with Tristan. "However, instead of the peak of Rank 1…"
"It's at the peak of Rank 2."
"Level 40, huh?" Pondering over Valyr's words in silence, Tristan eventually let out a low sigh as he thought about their chances of winning against a monster like that. However, the slight despair he felt quickly disappeared once he looked at Valyr, recalling the monstrous power the young man had shown during the first and third wave.
At this realization, Tristan let out a chuckle in disbelief before letting out a sigh once more. "For some reason, I feel like I'm not even needed for the final wave."
"What makes you say that?" Though Valyr had an idea why Tristan said that, he definitely wasn't planning on doing something like that. "Just because I have the power to kill the Tidemother on my own doesn't mean I don't want you guys to help me out."
"What are we going to do for the final wave, then?"
Rumble…
Coincidentally, just as Valyr was about to tell Tristan and Myst of what he had in mind for the final wave against the Tidemother, the fourth wave had begun, with monsters at the peak of Rank 1 proceeding to head where they were.
"Let's save that conversation for later." Seeing as they would have to fight once again, Myst decided to take initiative as she got into a battle stance. Looking at Valyr, she then asked him, "Are you going to use that skill again?"
"I could… but I'd rather not." In response, Valyr briefly smiled before shaking his head. Tightly gripping onto his spear, he soon got into a battle stance as well as he turned his head to look at the monsters that were heading their way. Then, looking at Tristan and Myst beside him, he grinned.
"After all, it would be a waste to not fight against them alongside you guys."
Chapter 348: The Deadly Trio Vs. The Fourth Wave

"Guess we'll be backing you up for this wave, then." Hearing Valyr's words, Tristan responded by letting out a brief cackle, clenching his fists not long after as he activated [Battle Mania] once more. Within seconds, the billowing flame surrounding his body earlier manifested into existence once again, allowing Tristan's physical stats to reach greater heights.
"If that's the case, how are we going to do this?" Listening to the words being spoken by the two, Myst decided to ask a question that would further clarify their strategy in clearing the wave that was continuing to move closer to them. "Should Tristan support you from the left and I support you from the right while you focus on the center? Or are we going at this with a different configuration?"
"How did you two get to the conclusion that I'd be the one mainly attacking the fourth wave?" Briefly scratching the back of his head as he listened to the words they said to him, Valyr eventually responded with a chuckle before taking a couple of steps back. Seeing this, Tristan and Myst looked at each other for a bit, with expressions of slight confusion adorning their faces as they faintly wondered whether Valyr was going back on his words of fighting against the fourth wave together.
However, after hearing the words that came out of the young man's mouth in response to the move he had just made, it did not take long for the two to understand what Valyr wanted to happen, causing wry smiles to appear on their faces as they wondered whether they could do the same thing they did in the second wave for the current wave.
"You'll be the main attackers for this wave," said Valyr with a faint smile adorning his face, continuing to tightly grip onto his spear as he told the two to focus their sights on what was in front of them. "And I'll be the one supporting you two."
"You can still change your mind while we still have time, Valyr." Eventually coming to the conclusion that the tactics he and Myst had unleashed earlier would turn out to be less than half as effective in the fourth wave when compared to them during the second wave, Tristan went ahead and persuaded Valyr that he should take the main stage, recalling the damage numbers he saw that popped up wherever the wave of dark energy went.
"We would be able to finish the fourth wave faster if you take charge, Valyr." Of course, Myst had arrived at the same conclusion as well, backing up Tristan as the two of them continued to persuade Valyr to change his mind, even though the latter continued to remain silent all this time with a faint smile on his face. It was only when the monsters making up the fourth wave were a couple dozen meters away did Valyr open his mouth to respond.
Though the words that came out were ones that Tristan and Myst dreaded to hear.
"Let's save that for later. Monsters are coming!" Making sure that they wouldn't be overwhelmed by monsters right from the get-go, Valyr dashed past the two of them before swinging his spear in a wide arc at the monsters. Without much fanfare, the force behind the attack was more than enough to send the monsters at the front flying, causing a domino reaction as multiple monsters were pushed back, while the ones at the brunt of the attack had moved onto the afterlife.
"[Breath of the Nascent Wyvern]!" Seeing as the two were still standing where they were even though he had already made a move, a faint bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face as he softly shook his head. Soon after, he willed a great portion of the mana within his body to coalesce in front of his mouth, taking in a deep breath as a ball of fiery energy quickly manifested a few centimeters in front of it.
Whoosh!
Blowing on this ball of fiery energy, a wave of scorching flames soon covered the trio's field of vision, finally causing Tristan and Myst to move from their spots as they felt the scorching heat from the flames Valyr breathed out from where they stood. Letting out long sighs as they thought about their unfruitful conversation from earlier, the two of them swiftly went off into their separate ways, eventually allowing them to see the aftermath of the fire breath Valyr had just unleashed.
Thanks to his insanely high Attack stat, even though he still hadn't used any buffing skills, all of the monsters that fell into the radius of the attack had been vaporized into nothingness. On the other hand, those that were near the monsters that died from the fire breath started to catch on fire, causing them lose health with every passing second before eventually succumbing as well.
"I can only use this every 10 minutes!" Feeling that he had given them enough leeway to approach the fourth wave, Valyr swiped his spear a couple more times as if it were a walking stick, only that the force behind it was enough to send a bunch of monsters flying.
Noticing that the two were charging up their respective offensive skills, a faint grin appeared on his face as he retreated a fair distance away from the wave, allowing the two to do their own thing as two sides showed great mayhem not long after.
"[Pinnacle Blow]!"
"[Nascent Perennial Blade Intent]!"
"[Perpetual Crescent]!"
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Unsurprisingly, with how both of them had access to buffing skills that greatly boosted their offensive capabilities, the skills they unleashed more or less did the same thing against the fourth wave when compared to the time they used it against the second wave, causing the initial doubt they felt from not being able to dish out enough damage, thinking that they would have to force Valyr to make a move, to disappear.
Within seconds, the two of them regained the determination they had shown during the second wave, sending out a great amount of AoE skills that left gaps within the ranks of the fourth wave.
"Hmm…" Watching the two fight against the fourth wave and seeing them push them back on their own, a smile gradually crept up onto Valyr's lips as he affixed his spear on his back, noticing that most, if not all of the attention the monsters had on him earlier were now redirected towards the two. Letting out a brief chuckle, Valyr faintly sighed before extending one of his arms out, a small magic circle appearing in front of the extended palm a few seconds later.
"I guess it won't hurt to try using them out."
"With the omnipresent mana acting as the source, and my body as the conductor, I command the mana to bend to my will and transform into the might of the raging flames, giving my allies the ability to smite all foes that they might come across!"
"[Basic Fire Magic Style: Blazing Vigor]!"
Whoosh!
Not long after Valyr activated the skill, the small magic circle glowed a faint red before transforming into two orbs of red energy that swiftly made their way to where Tristan and Myst were.
With the two of them using their senses to their utmost limits, it was no surprise that the two noticed the orbs of energy heading their way, wondering if one of the monsters had sent it at them. However, once the orbs of energy had collided with their bodies, rather than feeling immense pain, the two instead felt like the strength within their bodies had reached a greater height, as if the difficulty of fighting against the fourth wave had been decreased.
"I command the mana to bend to my will and transform into the agility of the ephemeral breeze, giving my allies the ability to traverse their surroundings at greater speeds!"
"[Basic Wind Magic Style: Fleeting Breeze]!"
Wondering where the orbs of energy that boosted their strength had originated, it did not take long for the two to realize where it originated after they heard Valyr at the back chant from afar, only for orbs of green energy to appear before them not long after.
Naturally, the two of them greatly appreciated what Valyr was doing, seeing as his buffing skills were making it significantly easier for the two to mow down their foes, with their defense being boosted by a similar skill from Valyr not long after, being Water-attributed this time around instead of Fire or Wind-attributed.
Nevertheless, as they continued to fight the monsters of the fourth wave, being able to clear out a greater area thanks to the buffs Valyr had given them, the two of them could not stop themselves from looking at one another as a question simultaneously appeared within their minds.
'Isn't Valyr a melee fighter?'
"Hahahaha!" Oblivious to what was going on inside the minds of the two, Valyr let out a cackle as he dashed towards the part of the wave in front of them, closing the gap between them within seconds. Raising both of his hands as the monsters in his vicinity looked at him, a ball of crimson flame swiftly manifested above his left hand while a ball of green energy swiftly manifested above his right.
Not long after, he made the two collide together before sending it off into the wave, causing a tornado of crimson flames to appear in response.
Grinning at the mayhem his attack was causing, Valyr looked at how the two were faring, taking note that they were still full of vigor even though they had already slain a lot of monsters. With that in mind, the grin on his face grew wider as he proceeded to experiment with his magic skills.
"Yeah… it won't be long till we clear this wave."
Chapter 349: What's The Plan?

As both Tristan and Myst continued to focus their sights on the monsters that stood before them, gradually cleaving away the fourth wave's numbers through their powerful attacks, the two of them thought about the buffs Valyr had given to them earlier and how it had made their lives easier.
Nevertheless, this thought was quickly dispersed as they glanced at the young man from time to time. Although he was helping the two in clearing the wave out by sending out a plethora of skills, to both Tristan and Myst, it would be more apt to say that the young man was just sending out whatever skill he had in mind, only for it to work due to the man's incredibly strong power.
At first, Valyr had sent out a tornado made out of flames, which elicited a nod from them as it cleared out a great portion of the monsters making up the wave. Of course, the thought of where Valyr had picked up magic still lingered in their minds, continuing to ponder over the answer to the question as the young man continued to send out more magic-based attacks.
A wave made out of flames carried along by wind, spears of water propelled by wind, a giant wave of mud made by mixing earth and water together, the skills that Valyr had sent out at the beginning were all attacks that the two were somewhat aware of being used by mages, which prompted the two to continue watching him as the question of how Valyr picked up magic in the first place disappeared from their minds.
Instead, what replaced it was the question of how far Valyr's magic could go.
Thankfully, it did not take long for them to find out their answer, which was… not that far.
A ball made by mixing fire and water, a wave made out of earth and wind, from how Valyr was mixing only a few magic skills together, Tristan and Myst eventually pieced two and two together in their minds as they came to the conclusion that he only had access to magic corresponding to the four basic elements at most.
Then again, even though his repertoire of magic was more or less limited, which caused him to unleash attacks that would normally be considered useless, Valyr was still able to dish out a great amount of damage through his magic experimentations, even showing off his ability to control pure mana by sending out a barrage of mana bolts one time.
Eventually, the trio had killed all of the monsters making up the fourth wave, prompting them to simultaneously let out long sighs of relief, with Tristan and Myst's sighs being significantly louder than the one Valyr let out.
"With the fourth wave, we only have one wave remaining." Smiling as he said these words, the expression on Valyr's face quickly turned solemn as he turned his head to look back at the only monster that still stood far into the horizon. Seeing this, Tristan and Myst shifted their gazes to briefly look at the monster as well, only for the three to turn around and head back to the frontlines to plan out their course of action for the final wave.
"Although I highly appreciate your participation in the defense, Valyr, you're definitely making me feel like recruiting defenders for future monster tides is a useless endeavor." As the trio returned to where Damian was, their expressions somewhat visibly exhausted from what they had just done, the former moved closer to them as he looked at Valyr with a slightly bitter smile.
"Is that so?" Responding to Damian's words with a slight smirk, Valyr looked at the other people surrounding them, taking note that most, if not all of the people looking at them had awe and reverence in their expressions. With that in mind, he let out a light chuckle as he decided to sit on a nearby boulder. "Well, you should still continue recruiting them. Though I may have promised that I would participate in this monster tide, I can't say the same for the monster tides that may come after this."
"In any case, I'm surprised none of them harbor any grudge towards us for hogging up all of the monsters." Letting out yet another chuckle, Valyr pointed at the people surrounding them, prompting Damian and the others to turn their heads around and notice the awe and reverence that was evident in their expressions.
"If you think about it, we've shown them that they could still get far stronger." Tristan grinned, to which Myst nodded in agreement. "The fact that we could handle a single wave all on our own, that's something they definitely want to emulate in the future."
"The other defenders aside, what are we going to do for this final wave?" Feeling as if they've talked enough about their impact on other people's aspirations and goals in life, Tristan decided to shift the topic back to what was more important, which was their plan for the final wave. "Speaking of which, do we have an idea on how strong this Tidemother is?"
"Let me check." Deciding to volunteer, Valyr turned to look at the large silhouette far out in the horizon before activating the hyperfocus ability of [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], allowing him to see what they were up against at far greater detail.
Though the Tidemother they were about to fight against and the Lesser Tidemother they fought before visually looked similar, the number of limbs this Tidemother had was two more than what the Lesser Tidemother had, while the number of eyes on its face surprisingly being double than the Lesser Tidemother's.
As for the openings that could be seen on its underside, there were a dozen of them, arranged in a way that formed a hexagonal shape, prompting Valyr to wonder whether there was a reason for the arrangement. Other than that, the Tidemother more or less looked the same as the Lesser Tidemother they had fought.
Though, the [Analysis] Valyr had obtained said otherwise.
Ding!
[Prodigious Lesser Tidemother (Legendary Elite)] (Level 40)
HP: 16,725/16,725
MP: 6,390/6,390
Stats: 223 VIT, 302 STR, 299 AGI, 293 DEX, 142 INT, 90 WIS, 108 PER, 90 LUK
Remarks: Surprisingly, you have an actual shot at killing it.
"Well then." As Valyr bitterly smiled while taking a look at the screen that popped up in front of him, Damian and the others raised their eyebrows in curiosity as they shifted their heads, wondering what made him say those things. Noticing their attention all focused on him, Valyr turned the screen around, omitting the remarks he had received along the way before asking them a question.
"So, what's the plan?"
Chapter 350: Facing Another Tidemother

"Over 10,000 HP…" Reading through the status screen Valyr was showing them, the expressions on Damian and the others' faces quickly turned grim, only for it to worsen as they focused their attention on the Tidemother's stats. "On top of that, its physical stats are all over 200 points at least."
"I definitely wouldn't be able to deal enough damage if the goal is to end it quickly." Pondering over her chances against the Tidemother in a one-on-one fight for a bit, Myst was the first to voice out her thoughts, informing the other three that she wouldn't be a good fit. "With the damage I normally dish out, I can only deal hundreds per hit at most."
"Unfortunately, I'm in the same boat as Myst over here." Not long after, Tristan voiced out his thoughts as well, his face adorned with a bitter smile. "I may grow stronger the longer these battles take, but even the damage I dish out at my strongest state would only deal a little bit over a thousand damage against the Tidemother… give or take."
Listening to their words, Valyr inwardly let out a faint sigh as he thought about how they were able to accurately give out how much damage they would deal against the Tidemother.
Fortunately, after pondering over it for a bit, he recalled that the system had an obscure feature that would give players an estimate of how much damage they would deal against a certain enemy, though players generally relied more on the formulas other players had conceived, considering that the formulas were more accurate to them.
Nevertheless, with the two reminding him of such an obscure feature, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to bring up his damage estimates if he fought against the Tidemother. Unsurprisingly, the response the system gave him was that the damage he could deal at the moment was more than enough to kill the Tidemother, even if he were to be alone.
'Mythic class plus Epic grade armor set. Truly OP.' Of course, Valyr knew why the system had given him such a message, causing him to briefly flash a bitter smile as he soon inwardly let out a sigh. 'I guess they're just waiting me for take the initiative.'
"How about you, Damian? Confident in being able to take down the Tidemother?" Then again, even though he had a strong feeling that the three were just waiting for him to take charge of the fight against the final wave, Valyr decided that he wouldn't give them the satisfaction that easily, focusing the attention of the other two on Damian as he asked the latter a question.
"Myst and Tristan have already mentioned that they wouldn't be able to dish out enough damage against the Tidemother if the plan is to kill it as quickly as possible," replied Damian with a bitter smile. "Let alone me."
"At most, my offensive capabilities would be slightly above Myst's, but still below Tristan's," he continued.
"Who says we have to kill the Tidemother as quickly as possible, though? We could just slowly damage it to death." After listening to the words spoken by the three so far, Valyr noticed that the three were under the illusion that they'd have to kill the Tidemother as quickly as possible. "Though over 10,000 HP may be a lot, a hundred or a thousand is still a significantly huge chunk."
"You forgot to take into consideration the Tidemother's berserk state." In response, Damian informed Valyr about the berserk state the Tidemother undergoes at a certain health, prompting Myst and Tristan to nod in agreement as they listened in on the explanation. By the end of Damian's explanation, Valyr looked at the three with a solemn expression before proceeding to ask them a question… which only made them feel exasperation.
"So what if the Tidemother goes berserk?"
"The Tidemother becomes harder to kill!" Feeling a bit annoyed at how Valyr was treating the Tidemother's berserk state so nonchalantly, Tristan responded to his question in a slightly loud voice. "Its movements become faster, its attacks become quicker, its defense becomes sturdier, what part of that don't you get?"
"I definitely get that," said Valyr in response. "But as I said earlier, so what if the Tidemother goes berserk? It may take a longer time to deal damage to it and we would need to dodge more, but we'd still be able to kill it, no?"
"You're missing the point here, Valyr." Listening to Valyr's words, Damian eventually let out a soft sigh. "Our stats are far below the Tidemother's. Mine's, Myst's, Tristan's. If our stats were only a couple dozen of points below the Tidemother, sure, we'd probably take the risk and slowly damage it to death. However, the disparity here is in the hundreds, Valyr. Hundreds."
"I may pride myself in the fact that I can fight against a group of foes at the same level as I am and become victorious, but I am in no way confident that I'd be able to surmount a gap in stats that high." At these words, Damian slowly shook his head before looking back at Valyr.
"Even Myst and Tristan pride themselves in their combat proficiency, being able to fight against a group of foes on their own at the same level and emerge victorious. But just like me, they know their limits. They definitely won't risk surmounting a gap that high."
"Out of all of us, you have the highest chance of dealing a great amount of damage to the Tidemother, as if you clearing out the first and third waves on your own hadn't already made that obvious." Saying these words, Damian went ahead and activated [Analysis] on Valyr, taking a quick look at the latter's stats.
"In fact, I have a feeling that out of all of us, you're the only one here who could probably match the Tidemother in stats."
"Well, would you look at that. I'm actually correct." Looking at Valyr with a bitter smile, Damian closed up the screen that appeared in front of him before telling the former a few things. "How about this? You take the lead in the fight, but we'll aid you in the fight as much as possible."
"You really had to take a look at my status screen…" Bitterly smiling in response to Damian's proposal, Valyr let out a low sigh before eventually nodding. "Alright, fine. Let's get this over with."
"I'll need someone to bind the Tidemother in place while the others would distract the Tidemother." Though he inwardly frowned at the fact that Damian took a look at his status screen, Valyr thought about the various times he had checked into other people's stats without their permission, thinking that it would be unfair for him to get mad at the man even though it was the first time the latter had done so.
With that, he placed the thought at the back of his head for now as he began to formulate a plan with the other three.
"I'll do the binding," said Myst in response.
"We'll be the ones distracting it, then." Not long after, Tristan responded to Valyr's words, prompting the latter to nod as he brought out his spear.
"Guess we'll do it that way, then." Turning around to look at the Tidemother far into the horizon, Valyr asked a question to his spear through his thoughts.
'You ready to fight against another Tidemother, Sana?'
'Always ready, Master.'
'Let's give it our all, then.'
Chapter 351: At A Loss For Words

After the four of them talked about the specifics of what they were going to do for the final wave, Damian and the others went off their separate ways for the meantime, with Tristan, Myst, and Valyr deciding to take the time to rest and recuperate the stamina and mana they had lost during the fourth wave.
As for Damian, since he had stayed at the frontlines all throughout the defense so far, his condition was still at its peak, which prompted him to infuse his voice with mana as it resounded throughout the village outskirts not long after. "Men! Heed my words!"
"We are now up against the final wave! To those that have stuck at the frontlines thus far, you have my greatest gratitude. As for those who have decided to retreat from the frontlines midway, you have my gratitude regardless."
"Nevertheless, the time is nigh for the village to push itself to its limits, with the only obstacle hindering the village's safety being the Tidemother far into the horizon!" As these words reverberated throughout the area, most of the people at the frontlines let out roars in unison, their morales surprisingly at an all-time high. Continuing to rest on nearby boulders, Valyr and the others watched the scene unfold with faint smiles on their faces.
"For this final wave, the elite of the elite of our Astarto Village shall be making a noble sacrifice, being the ones who shall slay the Tidemother before us." Damian's voice continued to echo throughout the outskirts. "These people are Valyr Zeihardt, Myst Verielle, Tristan Melphon, and myself, Damian Waters."
"I assure you right now that all of us shall return to this place whole, with the Tidemother slain before you could even think about it." Saying these words, the expression on Damian's face turned solemn. "However, to those that are willing to join us in killing the Tidemother, relieving us a bit of our burdens, you are free to do so."
Within seconds after Damian was done talking, a great portion of the people started to murmur with one another, all of them talking about the words he had just spoken. Listening to their conversations, Valyr and the others felt interest from them at first, with all of them talking about how they wanted to become the second Tidebreaker or become someone similar to the village guardian.
Though, as time continued to pass, the confidence people had in themselves gradually waned, doubts gradually lingering in their minds until eventually, all of them came to the conclusion that they would be a far greater burden if they were to participate, thinking about how their strength would not make a difference in front of the Tidemother.
"Is there anything you want me to do, Damian?"
Almost all of them.
"Lythia." Seeing a mature-looking woman in her thirties appear in front of him, Damian flashed a bright smile as he took a closer look at the woman that appeared in front of him. Jet-black hair that gradually took on a hint of dark blue at the tips, an aura that made him feel like she had control over all of the mana in their surroundings, as well as a few runes that glowed a faint blue on the surface of her hands, Damian turned around to look at the other three that would also participate in the final wave, smiling soon after as they nodded at him.
"So, what do you need me to do?" Nodding back at Damian's greeting, Lythia asked the man in front of her once more.
"Do you have any binding skills on you?" In response, Damian answered Lythia's question with a question of his own.
"I do have a few, but the efficacy depends on how strong of a Tidemother we're up against." Hearing those words, Damian went ahead and told Lythia of the Tidemother's strength, causing the latter to frown for a bit before her expression eventually eased up.
"I only have one skill that might be effective against a monster like that, but it'll take a few seconds to cast it." As these words left Lythia's mouth, Damian assured her that it would be fine, telling her that she would work together with Myst in binding the Tidemother in place.
With that, the two talked more about the plan that they would execute during the fifth wave, with Tristan and the others joining them not long after.
…
Rumble…
"The Tidemother's coming!" Whilst the five were chatting with one another near the frontlines to get a better sense of everyone's strengths, a person at the central defense wing of the village yelled out all of a sudden, prompting the five to prepare themselves as all of them quickly had solemn expressions on their faces.
Whoosh!
"Let's do this!" Amidst the panic the remaining defenders at the frontlines felt from hearing that the Tidemother was heading their way, Tristan and Damian took the lead in executing the plan, dashing at the limits of what their bodies could handle as they soon moved at an even greater speed, activating their respective buffing skills.
"[Battle Mania]!"
"[Flowing Sword Steps]!"
"Screeeeee!!!" As for the Tidemother, it instantly became incensed once it noticed the presence of two humans getting closer to where it was. Without hesitation, it increased its speed, its legs slamming into the ground with great force, as if they were hammers that fell from the heavens.
"[Basic Wind Magic Style: Fleeting Breeze]!" Casting a Wind-attributed skill that enhanced the agility of the two women before him, Valyr watched as Lythia and Myst moved away from the frontlines, heading towards the Tidemother to bind it in place as Tristan and Damian were just a few seconds away from getting into position.
"I should start moving as well." Seeing that the latter two had finally gotten into position, distracting the Tidemother as they landed attacks on its various limbs, Valyr took in a deep breath before proceeding to move towards their enemy at the fastest speed he could muster, activating all of his buffing skills in the meantime.
"[Limit Break]."
"[Offense Aura]."
"[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]."
Whoosh!
"This is surprisingly easier than I thought!" Moving through the limbs of the Tidemother to land an attack before the former could retaliate, Tristan continued to do what he was tasked to do as he exclaimed out towards the other person that was doing the same thing as him.
"That's because we're not the ones that are mainly dealing damage!" Of course, Damian also felt the same thing as Tristan, though he knew that the reason why the two of them felt like this was because the pressure of having to kill the Tidemother was not on them, instead being on the person that was swiftly making his way to where they were at great speeds.
"[Eternal Sword Array]!"
"[Vines of Greater Binding]!"
Whoosh! Whoosh!
While both Tristan and Damian continued to distract the Tidemother from what they had in mind, dealing a bit of damage here and there, Lythia and Myst eventually arrived at where the first two were, activating their respective binding skills as soon as possible. Within seconds, a field of white blades and a great amount of large vines appeared beneath the Tidemother, with Tristan and Damian surprisingly being able to move through these obstacles without worry.
"Screeeee!!!" Letting out yet another shriek as it now had an idea of what the humans were doing, the Tidemother tried its best to move away from the blades and vines that had appeared underneath it, knowing that its chances of survival would be significantly lowered if it were to get caught up in the vines. With that, the Tidemother ignored the attacks being landed by the two humans on its limbs for a brief moment as it quickly jumped into the air, slamming all of its limbs on the ground soon after.
Bang!
"Gah!" As the skills both Lythia and Myst cast need immense amounts of concentration, it was no surprise that the move the Tidemother pulled out had deactivated both, causing the two immense mental strain as the ground continued to quake. However, rather than letting the pain wracking their minds defeat them, the two of them instead grit their teeth and endured it, forcing their bodies to move to where the Tidemother and the other two had gone before casting their respective binding skills once more.
"Haah!"
Whoosh! Whoosh!
"Grieeeggghhhh!!!" Fortunately, this time around, Tristan and Damian had distracted the Tidemother enough to the point that both Lythia and Myst's skills had successfully attached themselves to the Tidemother's limbs. Gradually extending to cover the Tidemother's torso, the field of white blades and large vines soon dragged the Tidemother to the ground, tightly binding it in place even though the latter still continued to resist.
"I'll take it from here!" With the final step of the plan being the only step lacking, Valyr mustered up all of the strength in his body as he zoomed at far greater speeds, extending his spear out as he swiftly moved towards the head of the Tidemother.
Whoosh!
"[Strike of the Venomous Night]!"
Forcing his momentum to come to a halt, Valyr stopped just a few meters underneath the Tidemother's head before jumping with all of his strength, converting the momentum he had accumulated thus far into force behind his spear as he thrust it out with great force.
Bang!
Unexpectedly, rather than pierce through the Tidemother's head and make a clean hole that would undoubtedly kill the monster either way, the Tidemother's head instead burst under the force of Valyr's attack as a dark red number appeared above it, leaving everyone within the Tidemother's vicinity, including Valyr, at a loss for words.
'-38,495!!!'
…
…
…
Ding!
[You have completed the emergency quest 'Astarto Monster Tide'.]
Chapter 352: After The Tide

"Did you…" With everyone continuing to remain at a loss for words as the large number that appeared above the Tidemother's head still vividly lingered within their minds, Tristan was the first to break the silence that quickly covered the surroundings, shifting his gaze to Valyr as he posed a question to the latter. "Did you just…"
"…" In response to the question, a bitter smile adorned Valyr's face, silently telling the man that had just asked the question that he had indeed done what the man was thinking. Seeing the bitter smile on the young man's face, Tristan looked at him for a bit before shaking his head with a bitter smile on his face as well, letting out a low sigh not long after.
"To think you were already dealing a lot of damage back then at Level 10. Then again, you could only aid the main force during the monster tide," said Tristan, only to let out a bit of laughter soon after. "And now, the roles have been reversed, with you becoming the main force of the monster tide."
"Time flies really quickly, don't you think?" Letting out another faint sigh, Tristan laughed once more as everyone eventually snapped back to reality, finally coming to terms that the situation that had unfolded just a while ago had indeed happened. To no surprise, Myst and Lythia swiftly moved to where Valyr was and quickly bombarded him with questions regarding how he was able to dish out that amount of damage.
As for Tristan and Damian, the former watched the scene before him with a smile while the latter appeared beside him, nodding at Tristan before proceeding to look at Valyr and the others as well. However, unlike the smile that adorned his good friend's face, the expression on Damian's face was neutral, his gaze focused on Valyr as multiple thoughts lingered within his mind, a hint of greed briefly flashing through his eyes.
Eventually, at some point, the five of them gathered together as they talked about what each of them would do now that the monster tide was officially done. Without hesitation, Lythia took the initiative to head back to the village to tell everyone of the good news, with Myst deciding not long after to accompany Lythia in informing everyone about it.
Soon after, Damian decided that he would also accompany the two women back to the village, saying that he would have to manage a lot of things with Alfaera in preparation for the feast the village had every successful monster tide clearing. With that, Tristan and Valyr were the only ones left within the group that had not made a decision on what they would do.
"Well, as the village blacksmith, you know very well that I harvest the parts of the Tidemother since I could use it in my equipment." As the three bade their farewell to Tristan and Valyr, Tristan looked at the latter before opening his mouth. "With that being said, I'll be here at the Tidemother for the next couple of hours since there's a lot of precious materials to harvest, especially with how large this Tidemother is."
"How about you, Valyr? What do you plan on doing?" As this question left Tristan's mouth, the expression on Valyr's face contorted into a bitter smile as he asked a question of his own.
"How do I go about saying this…"
"Er… is it fine if I take the corpse of the Tidemother for myself?"
"And here I thought I'd finally be able to experiment with some more precious stuff." In response to Valyr's question, a bitter smile adorned Tristan's face as he pondered over it for a bit in silence. Letting out a faint sigh not long after, the bitter smile on the man's face only widened as he said, "Then again, you did do most of the work out of all of us in this monster tide, plus I still have a lot of materials from the past Tidemothers to work with…"
"I don't plan on taking all of it," said Valyr in response, feeling a bit of guilt at taking away Tristan's excitement. "You could have the equipment that comes with the Tidemother and uh… 10 vials of its blood, I guess?"
"Make that 30 vials of blood." Surprisingly, Tristan quickly bit onto the offer, haggling with Valyr to get a better deal.
"12 vials." Of course, Valyr wouldn't back down that easily.
"25."
"15."
"22."
"18."
"20 it is, then?" Finding their haggling somewhat hilarious as they still ended up arriving at the middle ground, Tristan let out a faint chuckle, only for Valyr to let out a chuckle as well soon after. "Why did we even have to do that if we were going to end up at 20 vials anyway?"
"Just go and get your stuff, will you?" Playfully kicking Tristan in his rear in response, Valyr told Tristan to grab the materials he needed as quickly as possible, even going so far as to cast a movement speed buffing skill on the latter to speed up his gathering process.
After a few minutes of waiting by the corpse, Tristan eventually arrived in front of Valyr once more with a small box of empty glass vials, nodding at the young man as the two of them quickly scaled up the monster's body with the box in tow. Brandishing a blade he had brought along to speed up the collection process, Tristan went ahead and made a wide incision on the Tidemother's back, allowing Valyr to get a closer look at the insides of the Tidemother for once.
Seeing Tristan jam his hands into the incision he had made quickly made Valyr feel an urge to vomit, though this quickly disappeared once the former eventually retrieved a pair of dark crimson vambraces from the Tidemother's insides.
"Well then. A pair of Uncommon grade vambraces at Level 25." Quickly using [Analysis] on the vambraces, a grin soon adorned Tristan's face as he placed the vambraces in the box, only to grab the glass vials from the box soon after before shoving them into the incision to gather the Tidemother's blood.
Watching Tristan obtain the Tidemother's blood through what he considered was a barbaric method, Valyr eventually parted ways with the man as the former held up his part of the deal, only grabbing 20 vials of blood from the Tidemother before heading back to the village.
Waving farewell at the man, Valyr watched the man's silhouette for a bit before it eventually disappeared from his field of vision, prompting him to focus his sight on the incision Tristan had made before retrieving his spear behind his back.
'You ready to undergo an upgrade?' Asking a question to his spear, Valyr sent a message through his mind.
'As ready as I ever will be, Master.' In response, Sana replied back, the feeling of excitement and expectation filling the young man's mind.
Chapter 353: Mark Of The Alltide

'Now that I think about it, is there anything I need to do during the upgrade process?' Taking in a couple of deep breaths to calm down his emotions, a thought swiftly surfaced in Valyr's mind, prompting him to ask the question that came along with the thought to Sana. 'Speaking of which, I should have brought a forging hammer with me, huh.'
'There's no need for that at all, Master.' In response, Sana's voice resounded throughout his mind, telling him that there was no need for a forging hammer at all. 'All you have to do is insert me within the opening your friend had made and I'll take it from there.'
'For some reason, I find it wrong to do so, but alright.' As his mind wandered about for a bit, briefly imagining of scenes that involved inserting things into openings, Valyr quickly shook the useless thoughts off his mind as he moved closer to the incision Tristan had made, ready to plunge Sana into the insides of the Tidemother.
'Wait a second…' Just as Valyr was about to insert his spear into the incision, another thought popped up in his mind, reminding him of the conversation he and Sana had back then regarding the latter's upgrade process. 'You said back then that you need the parts of a Lesser Tidemother to upgrade to the next tier, right? This is a corpse of a Prodigious Lesser Tidemother. Would it be fine?'
'More than fine, Master,' replied Sana, its voice continuing to resound within Valyr's mind. 'If anything, the parts of a Prodigious Lesser Tidemother would possibly allow me to upgrade to a far higher tier. Aside from that, there's also the blood of the Prodigious Lesser Tidemother.'
'Well, if you say so…' Deciding to trust in his spear, Valyr took in yet another deep breath before proceeding to shove the spear into the incision Tristan had made.
For a few seconds, nothing much happened, with the sight in front of Valyr being that of his spear barely sticking out of the incision. Fortunately, just as he thought that the upgrade process was unsuccessful, the spear started to leave the incision on its own, a thick strand of the Tidemother's blood connecting to it as it eventually started to hover in mid-air.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Within seconds, Valyr's spear started to radiate a faint crimson glow as the red blood of the Tidemother gradually crept up on its surface, eventually covering the spear in its entirety. However, the crimson glow of the spear still remained even after the Tidemother's blood covered it, only for the glow to take on a tinge of gold as the power inherent within the blood fought against the blood that existed within the spear.
Unlike before, where the blue blood the spear had absorbed back when he was in the Experience Pit lost to the crimson blood within the spear, the crimson blood from the Tidemother that had hints of gold within it won against the blood that already existed within the spear, taking its place. Of course, not all of the crimson blood that existed before within the spear could be erased, instead melding with the crimson-gold blood of the Prodigious Lesser Tidemother to reinforce and strengthen itself even further.
Swoosh!
At the very moment Valyr's spear had finished absorbing all of the blood that had surrounded it, a far stronger wave of energy emanated from the spear, causing Valyr to look at the changes his spear had undergone. Within seconds, Valyr noticed that the spear had gained an ornate design around the boundary that separated the shaft from the spearhead, being made up of small crimson extensions that looked similar to the limbs of the Prodigious Lesser Tidemother.
Aside from that, the spearhead underwent a slight change due to the blood it had absorbed, taking on a slightly longer shape as Valyr felt immense sharpness just from looking at it. As for the shaft, it had gained faint intricate carvings on its surface, all of which were connected to the design surrounding the boundary.
For a brief moment, Valyr wondered whether these carvings would aid in the delivery of energy through the spear, considering how they were connected. Though, before he could obtain the answer to his question, a large surge of energy moved through the strand of blood connecting his spear to the Tidemother's corpse, causing the corpse to slightly rumble as he took a look at what had just happened.
"Holy heck." Standing near the edge of the Tidemother's torso, Valyr was finally able to see what had caused the slight rumble, his eyes instantly fixated on the splayed limbs of the Tidemother.
Before he had begun the upgrade process, the limbs of the Tidemother still appeared to be full of energy of vigor. In contrast, the limbs of the Tidemother now looked as if it had been siphoned of all its energy, causing it to look atrophied and emaciated, similar to the limbs of what a person in their old age would look like.
With that, he returned his gaze to his spear still hovering half a meter above the Tidemother's corpse, noticing that the energy from the Tidemother was continuing to transform the spear even further. However, just as he was about to watch the spear's transformation unfold in real-time…
Rumble…
Out of nowhere, the corpse continued to rumble once more. With that, Valyr stood up yet again to find out what was causing the rumble, only for a wave of energy from the Tidemother to come out of nowhere and hit Valyr from his back.
Bang!
"Gah!" Thinking that an enemy had appeared out of nowhere, Valyr swiftly turned around to see where the wave of energy had come from. However, just as he had done so, a great influx of information bombarded his mind, causing his eyes to roll as he fell on his back as a loud and shrill voice resounded in his mind.
"To you who defiled the body of a Tidemother and transformed its strength into your own, I curse you till the ends of time."
"Gone are your days of peace. Gone are your days of security. In every waking moment, any monster you come across shall attack you without hesitation, their attacks all aiming for one thing: death."
"May you feel the wrath of the Tidemother whose body you defiled and stolen strength from. May you feel the wrath of the monsters that all seek to kill you."
"May you feel the wrath of the Alltide."
Chi! Chi! Chi!
"Aaaaggggghhhhh!!!" As the words from the shrill voice resounded in his mind, his body was being subjected to an immense amount of pain. With Valyr enduring great physical and mental anguish, the wave of energy that hit his back earlier appeared once more, burning the flesh on the surface of his back as it slowly carved out a mark while he continued to scream out in pain.
By the time a few minutes had passed, the small mark of a spider being surrounded by an intricate magic circle appeared on Valyr's back, only being hidden by the armor set he wore.
However, at that point, the amount of mental and physical pain Valyr had gone through had exceeded what even he had endured from the skill books back then, causing him to fall unconscious as his spear still continued to hover in mid-air.
…
…
…
Ding!
[You have gained the Mark of the Alltide (Tier I).]
Chapter 354: A Win-Win Situation

'Wake… Mas…'
'Wake… up…'
'Master…'
'Wake up, Master!'
"Mngh?" Being waken up with a jolt, Valyr gradually came to his senses as he heard Sana's voice resound in his mind over and over again, telling him to wake up. For a short while, he clutched his head in pain as he slowly sat upright, only to feel pain radiate from his back not long after.
Fortunately, it did not take long for both types of pain to subside as Valyr's consciousness eventually became fully alert, allowing him to hear Sana let out a sigh of relief in his mind.
'I was worried you wouldn't wake up, Master,' said Sana, causing a faint apologetic smile to appear on Valyr's face as he apologized for worrying his spear. After that, the expression on his face turned solemn as he tried to recall what had transpired before he fell unconscious, only recalling brief glimpses of what had happened, as well as going through inordinate amounts of pain.
'Sana, mind telling me what happened before I fell unconscious?' As he asked this question to his spear, Valyr looked around to find where Sana was, only to see that it was on top of the incision Tristan had made all this time. However, once he stood up to move closer to grab his spear, he quickly noticed that the skin of the Tidemother had taken on a dried-up texture.
With that, he became aware of his surroundings, finally noticing that the entire body of the Tidemother had taken on the same appearance as the limbs he had seen before he fell unconscious, emaciated and wrinkled. Aside from that, he noticed that he felt no aura whatsoever from the corpse anymore, prompting him to think that his spear had siphoned up all of the blood and energy that could be siphoned from it.
Rubbing his hands over the Tidemother's skin, Valyr instantly thought about how its texture was similar to dried-up leather. Though, he quickly discarded that thought once Sana started telling him what happened to him before he fell unconscious.
'Well, at first, everything was fine. However, at some point during my upgrade process, the body of the Tidemother started to rumble a lot, which I felt from the connection I had to the corpse.'
'Not long after, I felt a wave of energy from the Tidemother hit you in the back, which caused you to fall to the ground.' As these words left Sana's mouth, his recollection of what had occurred earlier became clearer, remembering that he thought that an enemy had appeared all of a sudden and ambushed him.
'After that, your expression went blank for a bit before your body started to contort in various ways while you screamed out in pain.' Hearing these words, the expression on Valyr's face had turned grim, the memories that now lingered in his mind reminding him of the pain he had to go through.
'Then, after that, you fell unconscious. It took a few hours for you to wake up, Master.'
'Is that so?' Turning his head to look at the sky to see if Sana's words were true, a bitter smile quickly appeared on his face once he found out that the sun had already gone past its zenith, its position still somewhat far away from the horizon. Thinking about how Tristan and the others were probably thinking as to where he had gone at the moment, Valyr decided to place the thought at the back of his head for now as he took a look at his notifications, knowing that they'd give him a better idea of what happened.
Ding!
[You have gained the Mark of the Alltide (Tier I).]
"The Mark of the Alltide…" Valyr muttered softly, as if imprinting the name into his memory. Soon after, he commanded the system to bring up its description, only to read through it not long after. "This…"
"I can't believe I got a curse." With a slight frown, he rummaged through his treasure trove of memories, wondering if he had seen any similar cases in his past life as a player.
Ding!
[Mark of the Alltide (Tier I)] (Curse)
Rarity: ???
To you who has defiled a Tidemother and made its strength your own, monsters shall torment your every waking moment. They all seek to end your life, leaving no trace of your existence even after death. You have incurred the wrath of the monsters. The wrath of the Tidemothers. The wrath of the Alltide.
Within a 100 meter radius around the user, any wild monster shall charge towards you without hesitation and aim to kill you no matter what. All monsters within this radius shall have their strength augmented to one tier above their usual level of strength. Killing monsters under the effects of this augmentation yield 10% greater XP.
As the frown on Valyr's face deepened, he eventually stumbled upon a couple memories he had where other players had gotten curses. However, the curses they obtained differed from his, with all of them due to the players making contact with demons from the Underworld and not being able to uphold their part of the deal. On top of that, the effects of their curses were far more ruthless than the effect of the curse Valyr had at the moment.
"Then again, it's only at Tier I. That means there's higher tiers to it… which means it could only get worse from here." Letting out a low sigh, Valyr focused his thoughts on something else, deciding to focus it on the word 'Alltide'.
"Alltide… is it referring to the Grand Tide?" Pondering over the connection between the two, Valyr felt like there was a high chance that the Alltide was the Grand Tide, prompting him to recall how his ability to communicate with Sana had been awakened in the first place.
"The third version, huh…" Letting out a long sigh, Valyr composed himself as he thought about how the curse would affect him in his day-to-day life from now on.
"Well, I guess that means I can't move through the wilderness without preparing anymore." Thinking about how he might end up attracting the attention of an incredibly strong monster without him knowing thanks to the curse, a bitter smile adorned Valyr's face as he realized he had been wallowing himself in misery all this time.
Shaking all of the negative thoughts in his mind, Valyr went ahead and picked up Sana, only to use [Analysis] on it not long after. 'Now then. Let's see how much you've improved.'
"…oh?"
"…"
"I see. Hehehe."
"I guess this curse isn't completely a bad thing, after all."
Chapter 355: An Unexpected Bonus

Ding!
As Valyr cast [Analysis] on his spear, he commanded the system to bring up a notification screen in front of him to see what kind of changes Sana had undergone during the upgrade process.
Noticing that the screen containing Sana's description was significantly longer than it previously was, he decided to focus his attention on the notifications for now, thinking that he would get a better idea of what he would read once he checked out how much his spear improved later.
[Using the blood and energy of a Prodigious Lesser Tidemother as a catalyst, the Lesser Tidemother Blood contained within the weapon has undergone a transformation, being reborn anew to contain far greater strength than it initially did.]
[Due to the newfound power residing within the weapon, the weapon has been reclassified to a higher rarity. Its rarity is now Rare.]
[Thanks to the increase in rarity, the name of the weapon has changed to 'True Spear of the Prodigious Tidemother'.]
[A surge of nefarious yet pure energy contained within the absorbed blood has awakened, allowing the weapon to achieve a far greater level of power, tapping into the wrath of the Prodigious Lesser Tidemother it has absorbed.]
[Due to the newfound power residing within the weapon, the weapon has been reclassified to a higher rarity. Its rarity is now Rare+.]
[Thanks to the increase in rarity, as well as the change in the weapon's nature, the name of the weapon has changed to 'Wrath of the Prodigious Tidemother'.]
"So Sana's been affected by the curse as well, huh?" Once he was done reading through the notifications pertaining to the upgrade process his spear had undergone, a bitter smile adorned Valyr's face as he closed the notification screen. Not long after, he shot his spear a question through his mind.
'How do you feel?'
'Stronger, yet at the same time weaker.' As these words resounded within Valyr's mind, the young man feel the spear make a bitter smile as it responded to his question. 'Does this have something to do with the wave of energy that hit you, Master?'
'I believe so.' Responding back, the bitter smile on Valyr's face turned wider as he grabbed Sana, admiring the changes it had undergone in terms of appearance. Under the harsh rays of the sun, the spear now glistened a faint gold, which prompted the young man to recall the blood of the Tidemother his spear had siphoned from earlier.
Aside from that, the small limbs that surrounded the boundary connecting the shaft to the spearhead had grown more ornate yet at the same time grotesque in its design, now giving Valyr the feeling that each of the limbs contained the wrath and fury of the Prodigious Lesser Tidemother he had killed.
Once he was done admiring the transformation his spear had undergone, Valyr went ahead and explained to Sana what the wave of energy meant, as well as the curse that he had obtained thanks to the wave of energy that hit his back.
'I see.' Surprisingly, Sana gave off the feeling that it had finally understood something as its words echoed within Valyr's mind. Curious, the latter asked his spear what it understood, to which it replied.
'It seems I've now gained the power to harm you, Master.'
Feeling his spear give him a bitter smile once more as it spoke through his mind, a look of confusion crept up onto the young man's face as he wondered what his spear meant by that. With that, he finally took a look at the updated description of his spear, feeling like he would gain his answer once he looked there.
And gain his answer, he did.
Ding!
[(+10) Wrath of the Prodigious Tidemother] (Level 33)
Rarity: Rare+
Weapon Bond: Lv. 2 (Valyr)
Attack: 367 - 612 (+20%)
Additional Attributes:
> STR +15
> AGI +16
> DEX +31
Previously a training weapon… description has been omitted.
Submerged in the blood and energy of the being that had allowed the original weapon to ascend to a higher level of power in the first place, although it had mostly turned out to be successful, this spear now contains the wrath of the being it had stolen its strength from.
With the wrath of the being's origin also wreaking havoc on the sole wielder of this spear, an unlikely resonance has formed between man and weapon, causing what the man considered to be its trusty partner in the battlefield to also become its greatest enemy in the worst conditions.
However, not all of it is a bad thing.
<Innate Skill 1: Summon Lesser Tidespawn - Grants the user the ability to summon one of the lowest-ranking minions of a Tidemother, a Lesser Tidespawn. This Lesser Tidespawn is unwavering loyal to the user and has a level of strength equivalent to 10% of the user's current level. May improve with prolonged usage. Maximum number of summons: 1. Cooldown: 2 hours. Cost: 2,500 MP.>
<Innate Skill 2: Tidemother's Vengeance - As deep-seated wrath towards the defilement of the strength's source courses throughout the weapon, wielding this weapon in combat invokes a 0.2% decrease in the user's stats every 10 seconds, capping out at a 30% decrease in all stats.>
Remarks: Consider yourself lucky. Or cursed. Or both.
'I think I now see what you mean, Sana.' Moving the description screen to the side as he processed all of the information he had just read, an expression of excitement gradually crept up on Valyr's face, only for a bitter smile to replace it not long after as he thought about the additional innate skill the spear had gained.
"The longer I fight, the weaker I become, huh." With his mind lingering around this sentence, he eventually let out a mocking chuckle, thinking about how he had basically become a reverse berserker in the literal sense. Nevertheless, it did not take long for him to get over it, instead calculating how much time it would take for him to cap out the decrease in stats.
"25 minutes before I max out the stat decrease…" Wryly smiling at this discovery, Valyr soon thought about this detrimental innate skill from another perspective, finding it somewhat funny that his spear was now pushing him to lean more towards shorter battles.
"Fortunately, I'm starting to gain enough strength to do just that." Deciding to focus his attention away from the detrimental innate skill, he returned his focus towards the description screen, letting out a whistle as he briefly looked at the substantial improvement the weapon's Attack stat had undergone.
After that, he shifted his gaze towards the first innate skill, which had taken the place of the [Tideburst] skill the spear used to have. "A summoning skill…"
"[Summon Lesser Tidespawn]."
Whoosh!
Feeling a great amount of mana within his body being siphoned away, Valyr extended the spear he was holding, prompting a beam of energy to shoot out of its tip as a monster a couple of feet tall soon appeared a couple of meters away from him.
"Hmm…" Looking at the monster that had appeared in front of him, the young man was reminded of the Tidespawn he had killed during the first monster tide he participated in, noticing that it looked similar. However, unlike the appearance of the Tidespawn from the past, the Tidespawn that stood in front of him had less detailed features on its body, while its aura was also significantly weaker than the former.
"I can definitely feel a connection between us." Sensing an intangible string tugging at the back of his head whenever he gazed at the Tidespawn before him, Valyr went ahead and used [Analysis] on the Tidespawn he summoned to see whether the skill's description was true.
Ding!
"Wait a second…"
"…"
"Are you serious…?"
"…"
"Hahaha… hahahaha… This is great!"
Chapter 356: Finding An Exploit

Ding!
[Lesser Tidespawn (Elite)] (Level 3) (Summoned by Valyr Zeihardt)
HP: 50/50
MP: 40/40
Attack: 6 - 10
Defense: 3 - 5
Stats: 5 VIT, 5 STR, 5 AGI, 4 DEX, 4 INT, 4 WIS, 4 PER, 4 LUK
Remarks: Would probably be better off just for show.
As Valyr took a look at the status screen he had obtained from using [Analysis] on the Tidespawn he had summoned, the young man quickly noticed that the screen contained far more information when compared to times where he used the skill on monsters he fought against. Of course, it did not take long for him to realize that it was due to the fact that it was a monster he had summoned, giving him the ability to peer far deeper into the strength of the monster he had summoned.
"Wait a second…" However, as he continued to look at the monster's status screen, he soon noticed that something was amiss, realizing that the system classified the Lesser Tidespawn he summoned as an Elite monster. Though, just as he wondered whether Lesser Tidespawns started off as Elite monsters when summoned, a thought flashed in his mind, reminding him of a description he had just read sometime earlier.
"Is… is the Lesser Tidespawn affected by the curse?" Murmuring this question to himself, Valyr felt that there was a possibility for it to be the case. But as he was not certain that it was indeed the case, he went ahead and hopped down from the dried-up corpse of the Tidemother with Sana and the Lesser Tidespawn, only to feel a wave of pain radiate from his back at the very moment he landed.
"Agh!" Gritting his teeth as he endured the pain, Valyr decided to take off his helmet and chestplate to take a look what was causing pain to radiate from his back. Dropping both armor pieces on the ground as the pain began to subside, Valyr activated [Basic Water Manipulation] and cast a sufficiently large orb of water before manipulating it to hover around his back.
After that, he manipulated the water in a way that the surface that was closest to the back was flat, turning into a mirror that would allow him to see what was going on. Turning around to look at the makeshift mirror he had made, Valyr was left at a loss for words as he did not expect to see anything like the one he was looking at to appear on his back.
"They really took the word 'mark' literally."
On his back was the mark of an intricately designed spider that was the color of his darkened skin, which gave off a nefarious feeling whenever he focused his sight on it. Surrounding the spider was a magic circle of the same color, being composed of a layer of magic runes that Valyr had no clue on what it meant.
"I guess the magic circle surrounding the spider will grow larger once the mark reaches a higher tier?" Pondering over how the mark on his back worked for a bit, Valyr eventually placed those thoughts at the back of his head, deciding that he would try to find out more about it once he returned to Algerie City and headed to its library, answering it alongside the many other questions he had in mind so far.
Wearing the helmet and chestplate back on, Valyr then went ahead and roamed through the outskirts of the village for a bit, eventually finding a lone wolf he could experiment his curse on.
"At the moment, the wolf is beyond 100 meters away from me." Activating [Analysis] as he looked at the monster, Valyr quickly found out that the wolf was Level 5, having the stats he expected from a normal wolf at that level. After that, he gradually moved closer to the wolf, eventually closing the gap between them to less than a hundred meters.
"Awooo!!!" At the very instant the wolf was less than a hundred meters from Valyr, its eyes gained a faint crimson tinge to it as its body and aura surged with greater power, dashing towards where he was. Seeing that the curse was now taking effect, Valyr went ahead and used [Analysis] on the wolf once more, only to notice that it was now classified as an Elite monster.
"I guess that's that, then." Satisfied with the quick experiment he had done, Valyr went ahead and ran away from the wolf at the fastest speed he could muster, increasing the gap between them to half a kilometer within a few seconds, only for him to disappear from the wolf's field of vision not long after.
With the effect of Valyr's curse now gone, the wolf stood in place for a bit in confusion, wondering what it was doing just a few seconds earlier. Thinking that it had probably done nothing significant, it soon returned to wandering the outskirts once more in search for prey.
…
"Move." Now at another part of the outskirts devoid of monsters, Valyr sent a command to the Lesser Tidespawn he summoned, ordering it to move over a hundred meters away from it. Without hesitation, the Lesser Tidespawn followed the order, proceeding to head in a singular direction at the greatest speed it could muster.
While the Lesser Tidespawn was doing just that, Valyr activated [Analysis] on it once more, wanting to see whether there would be a difference once it had gone past the 100 meter mark.
Whoosh!
"Hehehe." Once the Lesser Tidespawn was over a hundred meters away from where he stood, Valyr took a look at the status screen he had opened by the side, noticing that the stats of the Lesser Tidespawn was now more in line with what he expected from a Level 3 monster. Aside from that, the Elite tag at the end of the Lesser Tidespawn was now gone, confirming his suspicions.
"Hahaha… hahahaha…" Deciding to dispel the Lesser Tidespawn for now, Valyr cut off the link connecting the two of them, causing the Lesser Tidespawn to transform into motes of blue light before disappearing. After that, he turned around before making his way back to the village, letting out a laughter that only grew louder the more time passed.
"This is great!" At the moment, multiple thoughts whirred through Valyr's mind as a result of the two experiments he had just done earlier. With a grin adorning his face, he realized that the Mark of the Alltide, although a curse he did not know how to remove, was actually a blessing in disguise.
"I guess I'll have to make a stop at the Boundless Skill Pavilion once I get back and buy a few monster summoning skill books before heading to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains. It would definitely be a waste if I didn't capitalize on this."
"I guess this curse isn't completely a bad thing, after all."
Chapter 357: Return To Algerie

Squeak! Squeak! Squeak!
"So… what's with you attracting rats all of a sudden?" As the entire village of Astarto got into a festive mood, celebrating the great success of their defense against the monster tide, Valyr sat behind a table with Alfaera, Damian, Tristan, and Myst, partaking in the delicacies that were on the table while chatting with the others. At some point, Tristan posed a question he wanted to ask to Valyr, causing the latter to give an innocent smile in response.
"Oh, nothing," replied Valyr, though multiple thoughts were going on inside his head. At the moment, rats were appearing out of nowhere, all of which had eyes that glowed a faint crimson as they headed to Valyr's feet in the hopes of biting him. However, with him still wearing armor, the rats were unable to deal any damage to Valyr, instead bringing themselves to their demise as small orbs of crimson flames hovered around the soles of Valyr's feet, vaporizing the rats out of existence.
"I got my hands on some incredibly strong rat bait back where I was in preparation for a dungeon run I was going to do, but I have a feeling that dungeon was already cleared. With that, I decided… why not use it here instead?" Making up an excuse on the spot, Valyr watched as the four looked at him with hints of suspicion on their faces. Fortunately, after a while, they shrugged his shoulders and found nothing odd about it, deciding to continue where their previous conversation left off.
"So, with the monster tide now cleared, what are you planning to do next, Valyr?" While everyone in the village was enjoying their food within the village inn, where the celebration was being held, Alfaera decided to ask this question to Valyr, hoping to satiate her curiosity. "Also, would you come back for the next monster tide?"
"Now that's the monster tide's done, I plan to head back to where I was before." In response to Alfaera's words, Valyr pondered over both questions in silence. "As for whether or not I'd come back for the next monster tide and help defend… we'll have to see in the future."
"I see." At those words, Alfaera merely nodded before deciding to return her focus on the food on their table. Sometime later, the others that were listening in on the conversation had returned to their food as well, prompting Valyr to grab a bit more food in response.
Ding!
"Correct me if I'm wrong, but are you heading back to Algerie Kingdom by any chance?" Just as he was about to take a bite of the food he'd grabbed, a notification sound resounded in his mind, causing Valyr to take a look at it, only to find out that it was a message. Though, once he found out that this message came from Alfaera, a look of slight confusion appeared on his face as he looked at the woman, only to notice that she was gesturing for him to remain silent.
Faintly nodding in response, Valyr went ahead and sent back a message of his own. "I am… but how did you know?"
"Mind us for intruding in your conversation, but let me answer that question." Surprisingly, Tristan was the one who responded to Valyr's question, prompting the latter to realize that Alfaera had made a group chat. "Sometime ago, a group from the Imperial Production Guild came to the village to ask for your whereabouts."
"Really? What are their names?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity, Valyr asked back.
"Only the leader of the group had given his name. If I remember correctly, he said his first name was Braum." In response to the question, Damian took the chance to respond to it, prompting Valyr to take a look at Myst, who still seemed to be engrossed in eating her food. With that, he quickly came to the conclusion that only the three he were talking to at the moment had come across the group from the Imperial Production Guild.
"Braum, huh?" Hearing the name of the man who had been helping him a lot ever since he arrived at Algerie City, a faint smile adorned Valyr's face as he asked the three of them more about what had transpired during the appearance of the group in the village.
With that, Tristan took the initiative, telling him about how they were on the lookout for his whereabouts, only to inform the three of them soon after about the reasons, such as his Mythic blacksmith class, and how the Blacksmith Guild had done a test on Valyr beforehand.
"Did they say anything else after that?" As someone who had heard it from the source, Valyr nodded at Tristan's explanation, only to ask after the latter was done if they had mentioned anything else.
"Not really." With him receiving a response like that from Tristan, Valyr nodded once more before proceeding to end the conversation there, allowing himself and the others to enjoy the ambience and the food prepared for the celebration once more.
…
"Say, Damian. Mind if you distribute my contribution points evenly amongst all of the members in the regiment?" As the five were about to head off their separate ways, Valyr stopped Damian before the latter could make his way back to the barracks, asking the latter for a favor. "I feel like the points would have greater use under their hands."
"Are you sure?" Raising his eyebrows in curiosity, Damian asked Valyr in response if he was sure. Seeing that the latter had no qualms about it, the man shrugged his shoulders before proceeding to do so, prompting Valyr to give the man thanks before they truly separated ways.
"Haah…" Letting out a low sigh as he took a look at the night sky, Valyr slowly walked through the streets of the village, imprinting the sight into memory as he thought about how long of a time would pass before he'd be able to return to this place. "I wonder if I could even return to this place at all."
"Either way, this is the path I've chosen, so there's no point in turning back." Taking in a deep breath, the expression on Valyr's face changed into that of determination as he eventually walked through the village gates, stopping around a kilometer away.
Bringing out the medallion he had been given before he teleported to the village, Valyr took in another deep breath, only to turn around and mutter a few words before proceeding to infuse his mana into the medallion.
"Guess we'll see each other again in the future."
"Farewell for now."
Whoosh!
Chapter 358: A Budding Friendship

Whoosh!
"Welcome to Algerie City." Standing in the middle of a magic circle, Valyr took a while to reorient himself, feeling a hint of dizziness from the teleportation back to the city. After that, he took a look at his surroundings, recognizing that he had appeared back in the Underground Transport Network, noticing that only a few dark-robed people were attending to the others at the moment.
'Well, it is quite late in the night.' Thanking the dark-robed man that had greeted him, Valyr gave the medallion he had brought along with him for the journey to the dark-robed man, eliciting the latter to nod in response before giving him the go ahead to leave the place and return to the city.
Taking in a deep breath of the air within the city streets after heading through the path that led him out of the place, the young man went ahead and made his way back to the inn where he and a friend of his were staying at, deciding to take a leisurely pace in doing so as there was not much of a reason for him to rush anymore.
With that, while his eyes were darting here and there, admiring the sight the city gave him under the dim moonlight, Valyr engrossed himself in his own thoughts, specifically thoughts that were related to the Mark of the Alltide and the experiments he had done to further his understanding of it.
'It's quite a shame that the Lesser Tidespawn scales off of my level instead of my stats.' Recalling the interactions he had with players back then that took on a combat style that involved summoning monsters, Valyr remembered that the skills they had allowed the strength of the monsters they summoned to scale off their stats instead of their levels. 'If it scaled off my stats, even if it only like 10% of my stats, it would still become a force to be reckoned with due to my Mythic class.'
'However, since it scales off my level, even if I reach the maximum level of a Rank 5 class holder, the Lesser Tidespawn I summon would only be able to fight against monsters barely above Rank 1. Plus it has next to no use for me since I can only spawn one of it at most.' At this thought, a bitter smile gradually crept up onto Valyr's lips. 'Then again, the skill did say it would improve with prolonged usage, so I guess that'll improve later on?'
'Either way, I'm surprised I could actually utilize the curse in that way.' Recalling the experiments he had done in the outskirts of Astarto Village before returning to Algerie City, a grin replaced the bitter smile that graced Valyr's face earlier, a hint of excitement evident in his expression as multiple thoughts and possibilities popped up in his mind once more.
"Within a hundred meter radius, any wild monster shall charge at me without hesitation and aim to kill me no matter what. Aside from that, all monsters within that radius shall have their strength augmented to one tier above their usual level of strength." Muttering the effects of the curse he had gained, the grin on Valyr's face became wider as he let out a chuckle. "However, the Lesser Tidespawn is a monster I summoned, which means it's not considered as a wild monster. Therefore, it won't attack me for no reason."
"Yet the second effect still applies."
"I should really get my hands on some monster summoning skills." Thinking about how he could engage in close combat alongside the monsters he summoned, all of which were buffed under the effects of the Mark of the Alltide, the pace at which he walked to the inn sped up considerably, with him appearing to be jogging more than walking. "Though, I have to make a stop at the city library first and obtain the answers to my questions there."
Squeak! Squeak! Squeak!
"…and kill these rats chasing me."
"[Crimson Ring of Rat Extermination]."
Whoosh!
…
The next day.
"How was it using the Underground Transport Network?" As Valyr gave Braum the spatial bracelet he had borrowed from the latter back as both stood at the entrance of the Imperial Production Guild, the latter went ahead and posed a question to the young man with a faint smile.
"I can definitely find myself using it more and more often. Though, I do have to save up a lot of money for it." Responding to the question with a brief chuckle, Valyr then thanked Braum for allowing him to borrow a spatial bracelet on such short notice, to which the latter did not mind, telling him that he was helping out someone important.
"Why not sell equipment, then?" Listening to Valyr's words, Braum gave the young man a proposal. "Just the fact that you could craft an Epic grade armor set is more than enough for you to get customers from tons of places waiting right before your feet."
"I know that." In response, Valyr flashed a bitter smile. "However, I would need to establish a smithy first and get a supply chain going. I've already gone through it before so I know how much it would cost me."
"You could always sell it through the Blacksmith Guild's channels, you know?"
As these words left Braum's mouth, Valyr was quickly reminded of the method Braum had just mentioned, a slight frown adorning his face as he looked through his memories. From what he could remember, considering he had used it in the past, the amount of money he would earn from it was a far cry to what he could earn from selling it through his own smithy, with only those that have a high profile in the Blacksmith Guild being able to earn more money through it.
"Would I even earn enough there?" Feeling that Braum would not mention the idea for no reason, Valyr went ahead and asked.
"I'd say you'd lose out in the short term, considering that they take a commission fee for putting the equipment up for sale," said Braum in response. "However, with the grade of equipment you craft and how you're a candidate for the Four Pillars' Inheritance, I feel like it wouldn't take long for you to earn far more money than what owning your own smithy would make."
"Is that so?" Pondering over it for a bit, Valyr decided that he would try it out with a couple pieces of test equipment first, prompting Braum to nod in approval. After that, they talked a bit more, with Valyr eventually telling the man that he would be heading to the library for the meantime.
"Now that I think about it… why have you been so helpful to me ever since I arrived here?" Though, just as he was about to bid farewell to the man, Valyr stopped in his tracks and turned around, posing a question to Braum.
"I don't know." In response, Braum softly smiled. "At first, it was out of obligation as the leader of the group that had brought you to this place, but right now… I really don't know. In any case, I do appreciate the friendship that we've built up thus far and I hope it continues to last."
"Same goes here." Hearing Braum's words, Valyr smiled as well. Bidding farewell, Valyr waved at the man goodbye, only to stop in his tracks and turn around once more, this time a knowing smile adorning his face.
"You want me to craft something for you, don't you?"
"How could I ever ask for something like that? As the leader of the Imperial Production Guild's 3rd Reconnaissance Team, it would be disrespectful to request such a favor."
"Heh… is that so? Forgot I ever said anything, then."
"…"
"…"
"…can I get a new armor set?"
"Called it."
Chapter 359: The Myriad Archives

After promising Braum that he would return to the Imperial Production Guild at a later time and ask the man regarding the specifics of the armor set the latter wanted him to craft, Valyr roamed the streets of Algerie City, realizing once more as to how large the city was when compared to other cities he had been in before, such as Clossbay City.
'Well, Algerie City is the capital city of Algerie Kingdom, so it's no surprise that they turned it into a core city.' Recalling the various settlements he had been in for a bit and how each place had its own unique charm and aesthetic that differentiated it from the other, he eventually returned his train of thought to the matter at hand, which was to head to the library located within the city.
With that, he rummaged through his treasure trove of memories to see if he could still recall the directions to the place, swiftly finding out that he actually did. Armed with the general idea of where he needed to go, Valyr slightly hastened his pace, asking a few people along the way to make sure that he was heading in the right direction.
'I should really stop thinking my memories are the answer to everything.' Though the people he asked did confirm to him that he was heading in the right direction, it was only through talking with these people was Valyr reminded of a certain fact about the library that would allow him to head to where he needed even without knowing how to head there in the first place. 'They're definitely nice to have, but they'll eventually just turn into points of reference for me to use with how things are going.'
"In any case, note to self, use more common sense." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr continued to make his way to the library, a faint bitter smile adorning his face all the while.
"When lost, remember that the library is an incredibly tall tower."
…
"Man, to think that the library was an incredibly tall tower even before the first version." After asking a couple more people along the way as to where the library was, Valyr eventually arrived at the place he wanted to be in, standing just a dozen steps away from the entrance to what seemed to be a large tower that spanned over 10 stories tall.
The exterior of the large tower seemed to be made out of bricks that were formed from roughly cut stone, forming a slight contrast to the buildings surrounding it as it gave off an archaic air around it. However, the faint undulations of mana that emanated from the walls of the tower only made that archaic air all the more prominent, giving anyone who took a look at the tower the idea that the tower had been here even before Algerie Kingdom had been established.
"The Myriad Archives." Looking at the old yet intricately carved wooden sign that hung above the entrance, Valyr muttered the words that were written on it, recalling multiple things involving the tower back when he was still a player. "If this place doesn't have the answers that I seek, then only the empire's library would have it."
From what the name of the place suggested, the Myriad Archives was a library that contained all types of documents that delved into a myriad topics, being a treasure trove of knowledge for the kingdom, as well as the various core cities and cities that surrounded the library. Multiple scholars and sages peruse the books and scrolls the Myriad Archives gave access to every day in search for greater knowledge, though holders of production and combat classes also peruse it for the same reason.
Of course, players were no exception to this, though most of them only perused the Myriad Archives and other similar libraries in order to further their understanding of the world they were in, which would allow them to uncover hidden clues or gain an edge in the quests that they had. Valyr was also one of these players, being someone who only looked through what the library offered in order to further progress in something.
Then again, when he was bored, he would check through the various storybooks the library had, or read through the books that covered various aspects of the world he did not know.
'Well, it wouldn't hurt to read up more on the world of Veldanyr, considering that I'm now one of its denizens.' As this thought popped up in his mind, Valyr let out a faint chuckle before proceeding to head through the tower's entrance.
At the very instant he stepped foot into the tower, he was swiftly greeted by the sight of a great number of tables and chairs, with around half of the chairs being occupied by people that were either jotting down notes on parchment, or were reading through books in silence, their expressions neutral.
Surrounding these tables were tall shelves filled to the brim with various books, scrolls, and the like, prompting Valyr to realize that the tower had spatial expansion magic cast on it, even though it was already over 10 stories tall.
"Welcome to the Myriad Archives." Just as he was about to head further into the tower, a teenager wearing a light gray robe greeted him, prompting him to stop in his tracks. Noticing that she had gotten his attention, the teenager put on a faint smile before asking, "Is this your first time in this place?"
"Yes." Though Valyr had gone through the books the tower had to offer many times in his past life, this visit was indeed his first time stepping into the Myriad Archives, causing him to nod at the young girl's question. "Is there something wrong?"
"Oh, there's nothing wrong at all." The young girl gave Valyr a slightly apologetic smile. "It's just that you should have an Archive Card made before you could proceed."
"I see." Hearing the young girl's words, Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity, slightly surprised that such a system was in place. After all, from what he could remember in his past life, there was no need for an Archive Card or anything of the sort to enter the Myriad Archives, with everyone being able to come and go to the library as they pleased.
'All the more reason for me to think that something big happened before the first version went public.' Deciding to not make it difficult for the young girl, Valyr cooperated with her, paying the necessary fees and going through a few simple tests. A few minutes later, he and the young girl had returned to where they previously stood, though with the former now holding a small metal card with small runes engraved on its surface.
"As a Rank 2 class holder, your Archive Card has Rank 2 authority, which gives you access to books and documents up to the 6th floor of the Archives." Listening to the teenager's words, Valyr nodded in response, asking the young girl if he was now finally free to proceed. After getting the go ahead, the young man nodded and thanked the young girl for her time, deciding to head to the second floor of the Archives as the unanswered questions gradually popped up in his mind.
"I'll leave the harder questions for later," Valyr muttered to himself.
"For now, I should find out how to extend my lifespan."
Chapter 360: How To Live Longer

"No… not this one… not this one either…" Once at the second floor of the tower that was the Myriad Archives, Valyr beelined towards the various bookshelves that were in his vicinity, looking through the selection of books and other documents the floor had given him access to. At some point, he noticed that all of the documents on a certain bookshelf were focused on a certain topic, prompting him to change his search method and find the bookshelf that contained books regarding lifespan.
While doing so, he would pass by the tables and chairs placed behind certain areas of the floor, briefly glancing at the people that were doing their own things, such as research or leisure reading. Unsurprisingly, within a couple of back-and-forths through a few bookshelves, Valyr noticed that there were a considerably less number of people that were on this floor.
Of course, at the very instant he wondered why that was the case, the answer to his question swiftly appeared on the surface of his mind, with the young man recalling from the teenager's words from earlier that his Archive Card had Rank 2 authority due to his identity as a Rank 2 class holder. With that, he put two and two together, faintly shrugging his shoulders as he placed the thought at the back of his head before proceeding to look for the books he wanted.
…
"Finally." Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief, Valyr looked at the books and scrolls that were placed on the bookshelf in front of him, taking a look at the titles each document had. Seeing that a great portion of them mentioned the word lifespan or was referring to the act of extending one's lifespan, it was then that he knew that he was standing in front of the right bookshelf.
With that, he looked through the various books and scrolls he could grab from the bookshelf, eventually settling on one, which was a slightly thin book that had the title 'Theories on Extending One's Natural Lifespan' on its front cover. Heading towards a nearby table, he grabbed a chair and opened the book, going through its pages in the hopes that his query would be answered.
"Hmm…" As it was a book that did not surpass a hundred pages, it only took a few minutes for Valyr to read through the entire thing, especially with the aid of his high INT stat. Nevertheless, by the time he closed the book, a slight frown adorned his face, closing his eyes for a bit as he digested what he read and got the gist of it.
'Basically, it's a book that goes into detail on how one could extend their lives naturally.' Opening his eyes, Valyr went over the main points of the book he had read in his mind. 'Though it says it's a theory, with how much evidence the author has added in this book, as well as how in-depth the research the author has done on the topic, it's better to say that it's just a confirmation of one's speculations.'
'Unfortunately, it doesn't answer the question I want to know at all.' Softly shaking his head, Valyr let out a faint sigh before heading back to the bookshelf where he had grabbed the book and placed it back, only to grab a couple more articles of literature from the shelf to see if any of them offered another perspective.
"I guess it's time to head to the higher floors." Seeing that the first book he had grabbed from the shelf was the one that contained the most knowledge out of all of them, Valyr stood up from his seat and proceeded to head to the higher floors of the Archives, always making a beeline for the bookshelves that contained documents that talked about one's lifespan.
Sadly, just like the result he had obtained from the second floor, the third and fourth floor of the Archives gave him an answer that was only slightly better than the answer he obtained from the second floor, with the documents he read from the latter two floors acting as confirmation for the theory the book on the second floor had.
"So, aside from moderate exercise and a well-balanced diet, a high VIT stat allows one to get closer to reaching the maximum natural lifespan a person could have." Consolidating all of the information he had obtained from the books and documents he had read thus far, Valyr muttered these words to himself as he made his way up the staircase that led to the fifth floor of the Archives.
"I hope this or the next floor has a book that contains the answer that I need."
Taking in a deep breath as he entered the fifth floor, Valyr quickly noticed that the number of people that were on this floor only hovered around a couple dozen, making him feel a hint of tranquility at how few people there were. Not wanting to disturb any of them in their own work like how the others he had come across in the previous floors did not disturb him, Valyr searched through the various bookshelves of the fifth floor in a way that allowed him to only make little to no noise.
Thanking his high DEX stat for giving him incredibly high control over the various muscles in his body, he eventually found the bookshelf that he was looking for, noticing that the number of books and documents on the shelf were significantly less than the number on the ones from the previous floors.
Briefly wondering why that was the case, Valyr took the document on the bookshelf that seemed to contain the most information on the matter, being a leather-bound book that had its title engraved in silver. Heading to a nearby table, the young man sat down and took a look at the book's title before opening it.
"A General Guide to Lifespan and Its Methods of Improvement."
While going through the first few pages of the book, Valyr quickly had a frown on his face as the information he read was more or less similar to what he had figured from the documents he had read beforehand. With that, he was inclined to think that the remaining pages would just expand on it and go into far greater detail, considering that it was a book that could only be found in the middle floors of the Archives.
However, it did not take long for him to find out how wrong he was.
"Hmm?" Continuing to read through the book, Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity, only for his eyes to slightly widen in interest and excitement as he quickly realized that the book was talking about something else other than what he already knew. "There are two components to lifespan: one's natural lifespan and one's potential lifespan. One's natural lifespan is usually around 60-80% of one's potential lifespan, though if one has a sufficiently high VIT stat, one's natural lifespan could be equal to one's potential lifespan, perhaps even exceed it by a small bit."
"Here are the potential lifespans one could aim to achieve per rank…" As his eyes hovered over these words on the book, it was only then did Valyr realize that he had hit the jackpot with the book he grabbed.
Chapter 361: A Long Life Ahead

"Those at Rank 0 have a potential lifespan of 100 years." As Valyr began to read through the various values the book had given him on the maximum lifespans one could hope to achieve per rank, his eyes glistened with interest, committing every bit of information he got from the book to memory. "Ascending to Rank 1 increases this by 50%, giving those at Rank 1 a potential lifespan of 150 years."
"On the other hand, ascending to Rank 2 increases one's potential lifespan by another 50 years, which allows a Rank 2 class holder to live twice the maximum natural lifespan a Rank 0 class holder could achieve as long as they have a high VIT stat."
Though he was glad to find out that ascending to a higher class rank and achieving a high VIT stat was all he needed to obtain more than enough time to do the things he wanted to do in his current life, Valyr continued reading through the book, noticing that it also detailed the potential lifespans of those with class ranks higher than Rank 2.
"Ascending to Rank 3 increases one's potential lifespan by a hundred years, though the same could be said if one were to ascend to Rank 4 and Rank 5. With that, the potential lifespan one would have at Rank 3, Rank 4, and Rank 5 were 300 years, 400 years, and 500 years respectively."
'Even if I didn't focus on increasing my VIT stat once I hit Rank 5, I could still live for over 400 years.' Taking some time to process the information he had just received, Valyr thought about how absurd it was for him to be able to live for an incredibly long time as long as he reached Rank 5.
Totaling the amount of time he lived so far through his two lives, he had only barely surpassed one-twentieth of that number.
Yet here he was, in a world that gave him an incredibly long lifespan as long as he continued what he was doing.
Getting stronger.
'Hmm… I guess that's all the information I could get regarding lifespans from the book.' Feeling that he had digested and absorbed the information he had read earlier, Valyr continued reading through the book's pages, noticing that the book now tackled certain materials alchemists used in order to concoct pills that allowed one to get closer to one's potential lifespan.
Though he felt like the lifespan he would obtain even if he didn't focus on increasing his VIT stat was more than enough for him for now, he still committed some of them to memory, considering that he knew the location of a few of them.
'Well, that was quite enlighten—oh?' Just as he had finished reading the part of the book that tackled materials used in alchemy for greater lifespan, Valyr was about to place the book back where he had gotten it, satisfied with the information he had obtained.
However, before he could stand up and head back to the bookshelf to return it, he noticed that there still remained a few pages at the end of the book, prompting him to flip to it, only to find out that there was still more information he could obtain from the book regarding one's lifespan.
Specifically, how becoming an Epic or a Legend increased one's lifespan.
'Is this book really meant to be at the fifth floor? With this information, it should be placed at the floors made for Rank 3 class holders at the very least.' Naturally, after coming across this information, Valyr wondered whether the staff maintaining the orderliness of the Myriad Archives had misplaced this book, feeling that this information he was about to read could only be obtained with a higher rank of authority.
'Oh well.' Of course, that didn't mean Valyr wasn't going to read it. On the contrary, he was eager to find out how having an Intent or a Force affected one's lifespan. With that, he read the text written on the final pages, murmuring each and every sentence to himself.
"Manifesting an Intent applies an increase of 25% on one's potential lifespan, allowing Epics at Rank 3 to obtain a potential lifespan close to that of a normal Rank 4, totaling to 375 years. Epics at Rank 4, on the other hand, would have a potential lifespan that's on par with a normal Rank 5, while Epics at Rank 5 would be able to outlive normal Rank 5 class holders by over a hundred years."
"However, if a Rank 5 were to deepen their understanding of their Intent and turn it into Force, that increase changes from 25% to 50%, allowing them to live for over 200 years more than normal Rank 5 class holders, their potential lifespans totaling to 750 years."
"As for the lifespan one would be able to achieve if one were to ascend to Rank 6 and turn their Force into a Concept… that is something only a select few people are privy towards."
Letting out a slightly disappointed sigh at the final paragraph he had read, Valyr took a few deep breaths before closing the book, briefly shrugging his shoulders as he stood up to put the book back in its original place. "Well, I did get far more information than what I bargained for, so I can't really complain much."
"In any case, I guess I now know why the rulers in this planet are seldom replaced by their descendants. With a lifespan that long, they would undoubtedly be at their prime level of strength for hundreds of years." Valyr faintly chuckled as these words lingered in his mind.
Feeling satisfied with the answer he had obtained, Valyr decided to move on to the other questions in his mind that were still unanswered, going through the various bookshelves within the fifth floor to see if he could answer the two questions in his mind that he considered were slightly harder than the question about lifespan.
"Found it." Fortunately, after a few minutes of scouring, he eventually found the books that allowed him to obtain an answer to these questions, heading to another nearby table to sit down before taking a look at the titles written on their cover.
"To my left, 'A Detailed Breakdown on Weapon Bonds and the Like'," Valyr muttered to himself. "And to my right, 'A General Compendium on Curses'."
"Hmm…"
"Guess I'll start with the one on my left."
Chapter 362: Answering More Questions

"Weapon bonds are bonds formed between man and weapon, arising when the two unite as one in the battlefield after causing immense bloodshed. Due to this, only those who have spent a long time with their weapon in the battlefield, or those who have wreaked havoc with their weapon and caused a massacre in the battlefield have a high chance of awakening a weapon bond."
'Huh.' Deciding to focus on answering his question involving Sana's peculiar ability first, Valyr read through the book's introduction on what weapon bonds were, noticing that the second method given by the definition was quite similar to the method he used to awaken the weapon bond between him and his spear in the first place.
'As far as I remember, players always told other players that if you wanted to awaken a bond with your weapon, you should kill a total of 1,000 monsters or greater. Did that saying come from this book somehow?' Pondering over this thought, Valyr felt like the chances of his thought being true were likely.
Then again, with how many books there were in the Myriad Archives tackling the same topic, he did not dismiss the possibility that the player where the saying originated from came across a book that was similar to the one he was reading. In fact, even a book that could only be accessed with a higher rank of authority did not escape his realm of possibility.
Feeling like his train of thought had gone off on a tangent, Valyr shifted the topic back to what it was earlier, proceeding to read past the book's introduction and into the main part of what the book tackled, which were the various types of weapon bonds that existed.
'Although I more or less know how these different weapon bonds work, it doesn't hurt refreshing my knowledge of it.' Concentrating all of his attention on reading the information contained within the book, Valyr proceeded to go through its various pages, muttering some of the passages along the way.
"There are four types of weapon bonds: Nascent, Ignition, Ego, and Spirit. Nascent weapon bonds refer to weapon bonds that are classified as Level 1 and Level 2 bonds on one's weapon, allowing the user of the weapon to establish some form of communication with their weapon."
"At Level 1, the form of communication most commonly found is through the sensing of emotions, with the ability to talk being rarely observed, only being a few words at most." Nodding as he cross-referenced what he knew from back then to what he was reading, Valyr continued.
"On the other hand, Level 2 allows the owner to engage in a greater form of communication, being able to hold basic conversations with one's weapon. In conjunction with the ability to sense the emotions of a weapon, this allows the user to obtain more information from their weapon."
'Hmm. I do feel Sana's emotions from time to time when it talks. Though, with how we've been talking to each other so far, would our level of conversation really be considered basic?' Taking a bit of time to process what he had read regarding nascent weapon bonds, Valyr quickly noticed how his weapon bond with Sana seemed to be at a higher level even though it was classified as Level 2 by the system.
'Aside from that, there's no mention of the weapon gaining the ability to look through the user's memories at the nascent weapon bond level.' Rubbing his chin with his forefinger and thumb as he contemplated over the matter, he also checked through his memories to see if what he knew about nascent weapon bonds talked about the ability to scour through the user's memories.
Surprisingly, there was no mention of it in his memories either.
'If I remember correctly, that's only something that's available to weapon bonds of a higher level.' Letting out a faint sigh, he decided to continue reading through the book.
"Forming a Level 3 bond with your weapon now classifies as an Ignition weapon, hence the bond being called an Ignition weapon bond. At this level, the user has no problem holding a full-on conversation with their weapon, even giving the owner the ability to tap into the potential of the weapon bond and allow their weapon to temporarily achieve a great level of power."
"With that, a Level 4 bond only pushes that further, turning an Ignition weapon into an Ego weapon, which is also the name of the bond. Though the owner still has the ability to tap into the weapon bond's potential, the weapon now has the ability to act on its own and fight alongside its owner, acting as if it were an entire entity altogether."
"Still no mention of Sana's ability…" Valyr muttered to himself, scratching the back of his head as he found his bond with his spear more peculiar by the second. Fortunately, the final level finally shed some light into his question, though the answer he obtained only made him realize that his bond with Sana was all the more peculiar.
"Lastly, a Level 5 bond allows the weapon to take on the shape of a human, transforming into what is called a Spirit weapon. Weapons at this level are capable of shifting between their human form and weapon form at will, while at the same time being able to exert a level of power far greater than even Ego weapons."
"It is also said that Spirit weapons gain access to a rudimentary version of the system, allowing them to increase their strength even further, as well as gain access to a portion of the owner's memories, allowing them to synergize with their owners to a whole other level."
Thud!
Slamming the book shut as the paragraphs describing the final weapon bond level lingered in his mind, Valyr stared off into the distance in silence as he tried to make sense of the information he had just read. By the time a couple minutes had passed, he let out an incredibly long and exasperated sigh, the frustration he felt at arriving at a complicated answer felt through it.
"So, if I'm getting this right… my bond with Sana, even though it's classified as Level 2 by the system, functions like a Level 3 bond and a Level 5 bond at the same time. Then again, the latter function disappeared so it would be more correct to say that it's similar to a Level 3 bond."
"Ah, forget it. I'll ponder more about it later." Furiously scratching his head for a bit, Valyr took a few deep breaths to calm himself down before deciding to proceed onto the next question he wanted to answer, which had something to do with the mark that was on his back.
"Haah…"
"I really hope the answer I get this time isn't as complicated."
Chapter 363: Only For Even More Questions To Come

"Here we go. A General Compendium on Curses." Moving the book detailing weapon bonds to the side, Valyr placed the book on curses in front of him, briefly admiring the craftsmanship that went into its cover before proceeding to read through its pages.
Unexpectedly, within the first few pages of the book, rather than mutter out some of the passages he came across, Valyr read through it in silence as his brain eagerly absorbed all of the information he was obtaining. As the book was a general guide on what curses were and what types existed, it was no surprise that the beginning pages detailed the definition of a curse, which he quickly found out his idea of a curse was wrong all this time.
"Huh. And here I thought all curses come about from reneging on deals with those from the Underworld." Muttering out these words to himself in response to his ignorance, Valyr swiftly returned to becoming silent as he read through more and more of the book, each page giving him a far better idea of how many curses there were.
Being a general compendium on curses, the book tackled the various types of curses that existed, with the most common ones being poison-based and magic-based curses. Naturally, these curses were self-explanatory, with the solutions to removing them being self-explanatory as well.
Nevertheless, with how detailed the book was in breaking down the various parts that went into forming a certain type of curse, Valyr eventually had a thought surfaced in his mind, pondering whether it was possible for him to create a magic-based curse utilizing the crimson flames he had control over. After all, being flames that were highly focused on destruction, using crimson flames on a magic-based curse would surely bring the one cursed great amounts of pain.
Quickly discarding the thought after realizing that a great portion of steps into making such a curse need a level of control over magic that he did not have at the moment, he then moved onto the more obscure types that the compendium enumerated, eventually finding the type that he felt was describing the Mark of the Alltide on his back.
"Authority-based curses," Valyr muttered as his eyes were glued to the pages he was currently on. "These types of curses take on the properties of the other curse types mentioned before, but these curses are separate from the other curses due to one reason."
"The existence of a greater authority having control over the curse." As Valyr's eyes glossed over these words, the engrossed expression on his face gradually had a slight frown on it, his mind recalling the description of the curse he had received.
"A greater authority… the Alltide, then." Deciding to see if this curse type was indeed the one he was looking for, Valyr continued reading through the pages detailing authority-based curses, only for the frown to grow deeper the further he went. By the time he had stopped reading, his eyebrows were furrowed as his expression had turned solemn.
"The layout for a magic authority-based curse is similar to what I have on my back," muttered Valyr to himself as he went over what he had obtained from the book. "The mark denoting the greater authority at the center and then magic circles surrounding it."
"To remove the curse, one could either get stronger than the greater being that cast it in the first place, kill the greater being that cast it, or die." Valyr scratched the back of his head as he let out a low sigh. "To obtain such a curse, one must commit a deed that offends a greater being, such that they want one's life to be a fate worse than death."
'I guess that deed is when Sana absorbed the blood and energy of that Prodigious Lesser Tidemother.' Taking in a deep breath to calm his emotions, Valyr then returned to the book, wondering if he could obtain more information regarding authority-based curses.
Though he did gain more information out of it, an incredibly bitter smile appeared on his face when he read it, only to let out a deep and long sigh as he closed the book. "Making an authority-based curse worse is quite simple to avoid. Just don't do the deed that made the greater being cast the curse in the first place."
"Well, darnit." Standing up to place the books back in their respective bookshelves, the lingering thoughts in Valyr's mind focused on the last tidbit of information he had gotten from the book on curses, which tackled how one could make a curse worse. "So you're telling me the mark on my back will get worse no matter what I do."
"Or would it be considered better due to my circumstances?" Pondering over it, Valyr gradually made his way to the staircase as the gears in his mind started to turn. From what he had found out, the mark on his back getting curse was an inevitability since he would have to upgrade Sana to a higher rarity eventually.
With that, he would have to slay a stronger Tidemother and have his spear absorb its blood and energy, which would be him doing the same thing he had done to get the curse in the first place.
Of course, there was also the option of just keeping Sana at its current rarity, though Valyr felt like it would be a waste since the upgrade path was considerably simple once all things were considered. Aside from that, he felt like having a worse version of the curse might be an advantage rather than a detriment, though that would only be true once he picked up a couple of monster summoning skills to take advantage of it.
'In any case, I've more or less answered the simpler questions in my mind.' Heading up the staircase, Valyr eventually arrive at the sixth floor of the Archives, the highest floor he could enter with his current level of authority. 'I guess it's time to answer the harder questions.'
Looking through the various bookshelves displayed all throughout the floor, Valyr eventually found the ones that contained books and other documents on the questions he wanted answers to.
Questions… that involved Greater Beyond itself.
Chapter 364: A Peculiar History

'System, open up the forum.' Wanting to see if his stats as a Rank 2 class holder would allow him to obtain more information from things he initially thought of as mundane, Valyr commanded the system to bring up the forum, causing a small screen to appear in front of his field of vision as he looked through the bookshelf before him.
"There's still no posts, huh." Letting out a faint sigh as a wry smile gradually crept up onto his lips, Valyr stared at the screen before him, which contained buttons and tabs on its sides that he had become familiar with as an avid forum user in the past. Yet, even though the core buttons and tabs that made up a forum were there, the most important of a forum, the posts, were not there.
"Now that I think about it… do NPCs have access to the World Net?" Closing up the screen as the question from before lingered in his mind, another question of a similar vein popped up into his mind as he took a quick look through the screen that contained the World Net, deciding to catch up on news regarding Greater Beyond now that the beta period was done.
'Well, it's no surprise that many people are hyped to try out the game for themselves.' Seeing multiple articles praising the graphics and high level of realism that Greater Beyond offered to its players, a faint chuckle escaped Valyr's mouth as he recalled how he was left in awe after watching a few trailer videos of the game in the past.
In fact, because of those videos, he was not able to sleep properly for the week that followed after the release of those trailers.
Returning his train of thought back to the matter at hand, Valyr closed the screen that contained the World Net before focusing his senses on the various books and documents that were displayed on the bookshelf. Eventually, he found a book that more or less contained everything he needed, becoming certain of it being the case after doing a quick skim over it.
Grabbing the book from the bookshelf, Valyr made his way to an empty table nearby, taking note of how the number of people on this floor, including him, only amounted a number slightly above 10. Placing the previous thought aside, the young man then focused his attention on the book in front of him before proceeding to open it.
"The World of Veldanyr and Its History and Geography."
Skipping over the foreword that the author had placed at the beginning of the book, Valyr was quickly greeted by the sight of a few graphics within the book, something which he had not seen in the books he had opened before, save for the book that went into detail on curses.
However, unlike the crude drawings on the book on curses, the graphics within the book Valyr was currently heading appeared to have taken painstaking effort.
"Veldanyr is the name of the world that us humans live in. There are a total of five continents within this world, all of which are enveloped by two massive oceans." Feeling like he had gone back in time to where he would read the books within the game's libraries for fun, it did not take long for him to get engrossed in what he was reading, muttering out some of the passages every once in a while.
"The name of the continent we are on is called Zaveigest, and this book shall go into detail on the events that had transpired within it. All of these events could be categorized into three major ages: The Age of Darkness, the Age of Uprising, and the Age of Innovation."
By the time he had gotten to the point of the book where it went into detail on the various ages of history that transpired within the world of Veldanyr, Valyr's imagination was working on overdrive, allowing him to vividly imagine the scenes that had happened during those times, which gave him a better idea of how everything unfolded.
As the first age to be explained in the book, Valyr was quite surprised with the events that had been described during the Age of Darkness, recalling that the language used to describe this part of Veldanyr's history was more tame back when he was a player. Nevertheless, that did not stop him from immersing himself, putting himself into the shoes of the humans during this time.
Then again, if one were to think of two words that described the living conditions of humans during this time, then most of them would probably think of the phrase 'living hell'.
The Age of Darkness, as the name implied, was the age in history where humans were treated like beings of lesser importance. Almost all humans during this age grew up under the notion that they would live and die as food for the races that reigned over Veldanyr back then, which were the orcs, elves, dragons, devils, and werebeasts.
As for the humans that were lucky enough to not become the food of the five ruling races, they either became high-quality slaves, playthings, or items of pleasure for these beings. All in all, humans had no say whatsoever whenever it cames to matters involving the world of Veldanyr.
Though, that all changed when the system had appeared.
On one fateful day, all of the humans through the world had gained access to the system, giving them the ability to reach a level of strength that would allow them to match the five ruling races, and even go far beyond if they wanted to. With that, one person had devised a plan that all of them would revolt against the rulers of that time, deciding to gather strength in secrecy and only make their move a year after the system's appearance.
By the time a year had passed, a great portion of the humans had revolted against the ruling races, waging a great war against them that lasted for hundreds, if not thousands of years. This part was the Age of Uprising, the part of Veldanyr's history that piqued Valyr's interest the most.
Aside from the fact that humanity's greatest strategists and fighters had been born during this time, there was a small bit of information that Valyr noticed as he read through this part of the book.
A piece of information that might hold the answers to his question involving the forum and the World Net.
"System updates…"
Chapter 365: A Peculiar Self

From the name itself, system updates referred to improvements that happened to the system, such as making certain features of the system more efficient, or adding more features that would help the user of that system do other tasks more efficiently.
Of course, the author of the book Valyr was reading quickly clarified that the term 'system updates' did not catch on at first amongst the humans, instead referring the phenomenon under multiple terms related to the word blessing, awakening, ascension, and so on. Though the author of the book later went on to mention that even though that was the case in the past, the humans still recorded the differences between each system update, which Valyr was surprisingly able to read through this book.
'I wonder how long the author of this book took to compile all of this information?' Gaining newfound respect towards the author who had penned the book he was reading, Valyr began to go through the various updates that had occurred to the system he and the others had.
According to what the book had written, the first version of the system was incredibly simple, only having the most basic features Valyr thought were essential to any RPG. The ability to look at one's stats and level, the ability to level up through XP, and the ability to gain stats and allocate them. These were the only features the humans from the Age of Darkness had access to before they could begin their uprising.
Then, ten years after they began to fight against the five ruling races, the system the humans had underwent an update, now giving them the ability to gain classes at certain levels, which basically allowed them to focus their strengths into various areas. However, due to this update, all of the humans had their levels reset to one, which destroyed a great portion of the progress the humans had made so far in their escape from the clutches of the five races.
Then again, gaining access to a class allowed them to retrieve their progress at far greater speeds, with a considerable portion of people gaining access to a level of strength that could not be achieved during the first version of the system. Because of that, these people were the leaders of their respective field, gradually allowing the human race to stand up against the five ruling races.
As Valyr continued to read more and more through the changes that happened to the system, a slight frown gradually crept up onto his face, only for a full-on frown to replace it not long after. To him, the improvements to the system were not the problem. Gaining access to equipment, subclasses, quests, and so on, these were things he thought of as normal in any RPG, or any MMORPG for that matter.
However, the time it took for those changes to occur was what irked him.
Gradually, the time it took between each system update increased, with one update taking over 50 years before it was implemented through the system. For a brief moment, Valyr wondered why that was the case, seeing that the changes it brought to the system were considerable at best.
Fortunately, it did not take long for him to notice that this specific update… happened during the peak of the Age of Uprising.
'Hmm…' Though Valyr wondered whether the system had a mind of its own and only pushed out updates during certain times, he knew that there was not much point thinking about it, considering that his level of access to information was just a bit below surface-level at best. Nevertheless, he kept the question in mind, feeling like he would be able to get an answer to it at some point.
With that, he continued looking through the book's pages, taking note that the updates now began to take less time after that specific update. Eventually, he found the piece of information he was looking for.
"By the time the Age of Uprising was over, the human race had been able to push three of the ruling races back in order to carve their own mark in the world, forcing the dragons to near extinction, sealing the devils in the Underworld, and moving the werebeasts underground," muttered Valyr as he read through one of the pages. Then, just as he had moved onto the next sentence, his expression turned solemn.
"It was only at the exact moment the Age of Innovation had begun did the system undergo another update, allowing all of the humans to become more connected than they originally were."
"The ability to appoint quests to other people, as well as the ability to communicate with other people through the system." Reading this sentence on the book, Valyr's focus swiftly narrowed down on any version of this passage being mentioned in the later pages of the book. Though he did notice that the book mentioned it a few more times at that, it was only after he reached the end of the book did he come to a slightly startling conclusion.
'No one has access to the forum.' These words lingered in Valyr's mind as he looked through the book once more, wondering if he had missed a page or two talking about it. However, even after looking through it a couple more times, no mention of the forum had been made, with the same case happening for the World Net he also had access to.
'Surely someone would make a mention of it in the other books.' Standing up from his seat, Valyr headed to the bookshelf where he got the book he was reading, only to grab a few of them back with him as he quickly sat back down. Looking through them, all of them mentioned more or less the same thing as the first book he had grabbed.
However, only one book made a mention of the forum… as a suggestion.
"It would be nice if the ability to communicate was expanded upon even further by the system…" muttered Valyr as his eyes were focused on one passage from that book. "Perhaps the system would allow us to access a hub that everyone could put messages on, allowing everyone from all over the world to interact with one another through this hub…"
Thud.
Closing the book before placing it to the side, Valyr stared off into nothingness for a while, allowing the thoughts in his mind to wander about as he processed and organized the information he had just read through. By the time a few minutes had passed, the thoughts in his mind had turned tranquil, with only a question directed himself being the only thing inside there.
With a mocking chuckle, Valyr looked at the books that were scattered on the table he was using, only to tell himself soon after, "I guess I'm an anomaly."
Chapter 366: A Peculiar Clan

As these words faintly reverberated through the silence of the Archives, a bitter smile adorned Valyr's face as he grabbed the books and documents he had grabbed before proceeding to head back to the bookshelf where he had gotten it all from. While doing so, he thought about the information he had just read earlier.
'None of the books I've picked up made any mention of the forum or the World Net whatsoever,' Valyr inwardly muttered. 'At most, the only abilities the other people have that I also have is the ability to appoint quests to NPCs and players alike, as well as the ability to add people to my friend list and gain the ability to communicate with them.'
'Does this have something to do with the fact that I have memories regarding the forum and the World Net, therefore the system gave me access to it beforehand?' Placing the books and documents back onto the shelf, Valyr stopped what he was doing for a second as the question popped up in his mind. Though he thought that it was plausible at first, that feeling quickly disappeared as more questions popped up in his mind.
'But wait a second… haven't I traveled back to a time where Greater Beyond hasn't been released to the public yet? The forum was a function that appeared during the first version, while access to the World Net only came about during the second or third version.' The more Valyr thought, the deeper the frown on his face became. 'In short, I shouldn't even have access to something like this in the first place… unless there's someone or something that's allowing me access to this beforehand.'
'But what or who would that even be?' Feeling a mix of helplessness and anger at the fact that he had more questions now even though he had gone to the Myriad Archives to seek answers in the first place, Valyr let out a long, exasperated sigh as he felt like it would be a long time before he would gain the answer to this question.
Deciding to move past the question for now, Valyr's thoughts then shifted towards the peculiarity that was the time it took for the system updates to come out. 'The alpha version of Greater Beyond only began around two years ago in this world. On the other hand, the updates the system underwent to get to that point took over a thousand.'
'From what I could recall, the company that developed and published this game said that Greater Beyond took a few years of development in order for it to get where it was today. With that, how the heck were they able to emulate the passing of a thousand years within a few years?'
Unlike the question from before where Valyr truly wanted to get an answer, the young man treated this current question as a what-if situation. As someone who used to dabble into game development from time to time, Valyr knew that there were many tricks companies could employ in order to make it seem that they had spent a lot more time making it.
In Greater Beyond's case, he thought that the developers of the game had put a painstaking amount of time to have their world building reach an incredibly high level. After all, reading through the books he had read, it felt as if he could feel the time it took for the authors of the book to collect the information they wrote down.
Nevertheless, he still couldn't shake off the slight possibility that everything in the world he was in so far had been emulated by the company to get to this point. With that, he thought about the level of technology required to achieve such a feat, thinking that the company might have employed a few top-of-the-line supercomputers to do just that.
'But would the supercomputers even be able to emulate a few thousand years and compress it down into just a few years?' Thinking about the company and how they had made a game that most, if not all people around the world played before the final battle, Valyr was reminded of the goals he had set for himself at the beginning, as well as the anger he felt towards the company for what they had done to the people.
To his teammates.
To him.
'Forget about that for now, Valyr. We still haven't established an organization yet.' Taking in a deep breath to calm himself down, Valyr then proceeded to look through the other bookshelves, deciding to answer the question that had popped up in his mind back when he had passed by the Zeihardt clan estate.
Though, with how much information he had on the Zeihardt clan and himself, this question instead felt like multiple questions to Valyr, which was why he wanted to find out its answer by reading up on the clan's history.
"Found it." After spending a few minutes looking through the various bookshelves in the floor he was on, Valyr eventually found the book he was looking for, which was a considerably thick leather-bound book that had the text on its cover page embossed in gold. Blowing and wiping off a bit of the dust that was on its surface, Valyr went ahead and returned to where he sat earlier, placing the book before him as he read its title.
"Zeihardt Clan: Its History and Its Members."
Opening up the book, Valyr thought about the various things he might read regarding the Zeihardt clan. In fact, for a brief moment, he was even expectant that he might obtain an answer to his true identity. However, just as he was a few pages into the book itself, the expression on Valyr's face slightly contorted, soon wondering whether what he was reading was even correct.
"Is this really a book on the history of the clan?" Valyr asked himself, deciding to skim through its pages for now to get a better sense of what the book contained. Fortunately, it did not take long for him to obtain his answer, his countenance now slightly grim as he let out a faint sigh.
"This… this feel more like a book on a cult than a book on a clan."
Chapter 367: Herald

Returning back to the first few pages of the book, Valyr began to read through it once more, taking his time to commit every word written on the pages into memory. However, even though he already had an idea of what to expect from the book, that still did not stop the young man from making a few weird expressions after coming across a few passages.
At the beginning of the book, it laid out how the founder of the Zeihardt clan, who only went by the name Otto back then, was one of the first few people to revolt against the five ruling races and invoke a sense of courage into other people. Unfortunately, with how powerless the humans were during the Age of Darkness, there was only so much Otto could do, with his actions incurring him pain at most.
Yet, all of that changed once the system had awakened in everyone, giving all of the people, as well as Otto, a newfound sense of hope that they would truly be able to revolt against the ruling races and fight for their freedom. Feeling like the world was telling him that it was his time to shine, he immediately started to rally the humans in secret, concocting a plan that took a year before it came into fruition.
Of course, as he had read through a book on Veldanyr's history earlier, Valyr knew that this plan was a success, though he did find it interesting that the man named Otto was the one who started it all. 'Then again, the World Quest did mention about how the founder of the Zeihardt clan was the one who allowed the human race to be free.'
With that thought in mind, he soon wondered as to where Otto had gained the surname Zeihardt from, only for him to obtain his answer through the next pages, which tackled the first successful uprising of the human race against the five ruling races.
'With a great amount of sacrifice, Otto and the others were able to claim a piece of land for themselves through their own strength, establishing the first ever territory owned by the humans on Zaveigest.' Reading the passage in his mind, Valyr shifted his gaze onto the next sentence, his eyes slightly widening. 'As the leader of the entire operation, Otto suggested that every human free from the clutches of the five ruling races should have a surname to differentiate themselves.'
'Unsurprisingly, all of them agreed.'
'And with that, Otto had chosen the name Zeihardt, allowing the Zeihardt clan to be born.'
With Zeihardt as his surname, Otto and the others quickly expanded their offensive, allowing more and more humans to escape from the clutches of the five ruling races and expand their territory even further. At some point, the man had even fallen in love, which in turn birthed the second generation of the Zeihardt clan.
Slowly but surely, the presence of the Zeihardt clan gradually grew more and more prominent among the humans, with their surprisingly high level of strength being the thing that made them stand out from the rest. Naturally, with Otto being the leader of the Zeihardt clan, this unique quirk instilled a bit of fear into the humans and gave them the thought that he needed to be kept in check.
Though, with their fight for territory and freedom still continuing, the other humans knew better not to kill what they considered as the greatest asset humanity had during that age.
Of course, that did not stop others from attempting whenever an opportunity arose.
By the time the first system update had passed, introducing the concept of classes to every human on the continent, everyone's strengths had been reset to Level 1, including Otto Zeihardt. With that, some of the people around him gained the courage to try and kill him, only to end up failing miserably as the man still had more strength than them.
At first, the other humans looked at the sight in fear, wondering what was fueling the abnormal strength Otto had. Fortunately, with the passing of time, these people eventually obtained their answer.
Blood.
It was the man's blood.
They did not know which part of the man's blood caused the man's abnormal strength. However, they were incredibly certain that the blood was where Otto gained his strength in the first place, having the ability to fight for hours without tiring and having a higher regeneration rate compared to his peers.
The reason as to how the others got to this conclusion was through inspecting the future generations of the Zeihardt clan. From the first to fifth generation of the clan, all of the members of the clan showed a semblance of the abnormal strength Otto could wield in the battlefield.
However, from the sixth generation onwards, the number who showed just that grew less and less, with only the prestige the founder had accrued during the Age of Uprising being the only thing separating the members of the Zeihardt clan from the other humans.
In fact, by the time the seventh or eighth generation had arrived, almost everyone in the Zeihardt clan began to worship the founder of the clan in hopes of obtaining even traces of the strength he used to have in the battlefield. Though all of these prayers were left unanswered by the founder as he was busy helping the human race's territory expand even further, the world had given these members of the Zeihardt clan a response.
On one fateful day, a member of the Zeihardt clan from the younger generation had been born with the same abnormal strength as Otto had.
It did not take long for this news to spread through the entire clan, with everyone coming up with multiple names to refer to this special person. Of course, there were also those who yearned to be that person themselves, their minds thinking that killing them for their blood would be the right thing to do.
"And thus, from that moment onwards, the Zeihardt clan referred to these people as Heralds, beings who could tap into the abnormal strength the founder of the Zeihardt clan had shown to the world up until his departure from the world of Veldanyr." Muttering out the passage he was reading, a bitter smile gradually crept up on his face as he continued. "The appearance of a Herald would be marked with multiple major events happening during their birth, with only a total of six Heralds from the Zeihardt clan being found so far."
"The latest Herald of the clan is a young man named Valyr Zeihardt, son of Augustine and Emilia Zeihardt from the Zeihardt Royal Clan."
"As of the publishing of this book, his whereabouts are said to be unknown."
Chapter 368: Going Through The List

'Whereabouts are unknown, huh?' Though his name being written on the book had caught him slightly off guard, Valyr's expression remained the same, adorning a bitter smile on his face as he eventually closed the book. 'If only they knew the person they were looking for is just in disguise all this time.'
pαndα`no1--сoМ 'In any case, I finally understand why both factions of the clan are on the lookout for me.' Feeling like he had more or less obtained the information he needed from the books of the Myriad Archives, Valyr proceeded to return the book on the Zeihardt clan back where he had gotten it, only to start heading down the staircase sometime later.
'And I guess that's also why that elder called me the Herald of Humanity's Fate during our meeting,' thought Valyr to himself, his steps silent as he moved past the other people doing their own thing in the floor he was on. 'In other words, a Herald is someone who inherited the blood of the founder, specifically the abnormal strength the founder had.'
'So, it stems from [Primordial Blood of the Chosen] then.' As this thought lingered in his mind, Valyr commanded the system to bring up the skill's description screen in his mind as he proceeded to head down the staircase, taking on a leisurely pace as the system responded to his command not long after.
Ding!
[Royal Blood of the Chosen] (Lv. MAX)
Rarity: Mythic
The founder of the Zeihardt clan is said to be a being of his own caliber, having the ability to wield great amounts of strength, as well as limitless stamina and vitality. As a descendant of the founder, you have inherited a greater portion of the man's blood compared to your peers, becoming known as a Herald of the clan.
However, as part of the Zeihardt Royal Clan, a part of the clan closely related to the founder, this blood within you is stronger, allowing you to wield a strength far greater than other Heralds could ever hope to wield.
With that, the target on your back is far larger, though surviving through these adversities would allow you to soar higher like never before.
This skill increases all of the user's stats by 10%. It also increases the user's maximum HP and MP by 15%.
Note: Though you have uncovered most of who you truly are, there still exists a part of you that still remains unseen. Find it, understand it, and be born anew… for you are a being that stands far above even the Heralds.
"A being that stands far above the Heralds…" Muttering out the last few words on the note that was at the end of the skill's description screen, Valyr's face turned solemn as he wondered what the system meant by it. With how much he knew about his identity at this point, it could be said that he had already uncovered everything important there was to know about him.
Yet the system said there was still more.
'Is it something I'll only be able to find out once I take a look at the Zeihardt clan for myself?' As this question popped up in his mind, he soon recalled the question he thought of in the first place related to the Zeihardt clan, quickly realizing that he had not answered it at all.
'My existence and the clan's existence… what does it really have to do with Greater Beyond's first version?' Armed with newfound knowledge after reading through the book on the Zeihardt clan, Valyr felt like he would be able to obtain a more definite answer to the question. However, in the end, he decided to leave it be for now, thinking that he would leave it for when he headed to the Zeihardt clan.
'Speaking of which, Augustine and Emilia Zeihardt…' Recalling the names that were written alongside his name on the book, Valyr thought about his body's parents and how they looked like, as well as how they treated the man before he took over.
Pondering over it in silence for a while, he eventually made a decision. 'They'll be the first ones I'll contact regarding the World Quest. Though, I'll still have to do some information gathering first before doing so.'
'Either way, the Myriad Archives has truly widened my horizons.' Now at the first floor of the Archives, Valyr waved goodbye and thanked the teenager that helped him out earlier before leaving, making his way back to the inn soon after as he shifted his thoughts to the things that he planned to do before the Four Pillars' Inheritance started.
"I'll head to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains to grab myself some Skill Keys to evolve my skills, but before that, I should consume the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir I got from Riekan before I forget again." Muttering out his thoughts out loud, Valyr roamed through the streets at a slightly brisk pace. "Speaking of which, I still haven't submitted those weapons for those quests to the Blacksmith Guild. At this point, it's already long overdue, I think."
"…Would they still accept it?" Arriving at the decision to still submit the weapons to the Blacksmith Guild after he was done consuming the Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir a couple minutes later, Valyr eventually arrived at the inn, swiftly making his way to the room he and Wells occupied, only to find the latter sitting cross-legged at the man's own room.
"Any plans on heading to the Experience Pit to increase your level in the next few days?" Passing by Wells' room, Valyr posed a question to the man, prompting the former to open one of his eyes as he swiftly responded.
"Probably. It all depends on whether or not what I'm doing right now turns out to be a success." Hearing those words, Valyr nodded back and gave the man a few words of encouragement before proceeding to head to his room.
Once there, he searched through the things he had brought along with him, eventually finding the set of Intermediate Reinforcement Elixir he had obtained from Riekan. Inwardly letting out a sigh of relief at the fact that he had brought it with him to the kingdom instead of leaving it at the village all this time, Valyr went ahead and proceeded to consume the vials one by one, allowing the energies from the elixirs to clash in his body as a feeling of newfound strength coursed throughout his body not long after.
Ding!
[After drinking vials of Intermediate Physical Reinforcement Elixir and Intermediate Mental Reinforcement Elixir, you have gained +20 VIT, +20 STR, +20 AGI, +20 DEX, +20 INT, +20 WIS, and +20 PER.]
[As you have consumed 10 vials of both Intermediate Physical Reinforcement Elixir and Intermediate Mental Reinforcement Elixir, your body has tempered itself even further, allowing it to go past the initial stage. You have achieved the stage of Intermediate Reinforcement.]
[You have gained the passive skill 'Intermediate Reinforced Body and Soul'.]
Chapter 369: Visiting The Blacksmith Guild

Similar to how it felt back when he had obtained [Basic Reinforced Body and Soul], the scorching hot energy from consuming Intermediate Physical Reinforcement Elixir coursed throughout his body, making Valyr feel as if he had been transported to a desert all of a sudden. However, not long after, the biting cold energy from consuming Intermediate Mental Reinforcement Elixir counteracted against it, making him feel as if he had been transported to a tundra instead.
The swapping between hot and cold brought him mild discomfort at first, changing every few seconds or so. Though, as time passed, the shift between two temperatures became more and more frequent, causing him more and more discomfort until he eventually felt pain from the sensation itself.
Fortunately, having gone through greater bouts of pain, such as learning multiple skill books in a row and having the Mark of the Alltide carved onto his back, the greatest amount of pain he felt from the shifting of temperatures only made him tightly grit his teeth at most, the pain going downhill not long after.
In exchange for the subsiding pain, a wave of relaxation washed over body. At that moment, it was as if all of the things making up his body had been liberated from some sort of shackle holding them down, allowing Valyr to feel that he had tapped into a bit more of his latent potential. With that, he took a look at the notifications he had received, causing a faint smile to appear on his face as he brought up the description of the skill he had obtained in front of him.
Ding!
[Intermediate Reinforced Body and Soul] (Lv. MAX)
Rarity: Epic
The body contains tons of untapped potential, waiting to be unearthed. Realizing this, multiple methods have been devised and created throughout history to do just that, with some even becoming well-renowned for years to come. However, only one method stood up to the test of time, becoming the de facto standard for all beings that seek to grasp the entirety of their body's power.
This skill is given to those who have gone past the stage of Basic Reinforcement, giving themselves the ability to tap deeper into their body's latent potential, also known as the stage of Intermediate Reinforcement. This skill increases all stats by 10 points.
'It definitely takes longer to get used to.' Closing up the screen after he was finished reading, an expression of satisfaction written all over his face, Valyr went ahead and did a few basic movements to acclimate himself to his increased stats, finding it somewhat difficult to do so. 'Then again, I did gain 30 points in every stat… though I only gained 10 points in LUK.'
'In any case, let me just get used to this new level of strength then I'll head out to the Blacksmith Guild.'
With that thought in mind, the young man spent a bit more time getting used to his newfound strength, even going so far as to test out his strength in the mental department by conjuring items using the basic manipulation skills he had in his arsenal.
Finding significant improvements in both fields, Valyr eventually finished adjusting to his increased stats a few minutes later, commanding the system to show him a glimpse into his list of passive skills, causing a faint grin to appear on his face a few seconds later.
'Imagine if I already had a set of Advanced Reinforcement Elixir available,' thought Valyr to himself, his gaze focused on the skill [Intermediate Reinforced Body and Soul]. Not long after, he shifted his gaze towards [Basic Reinforced Body and Soul], prompting him to let out a slightly maniacal chuckle as he thought about the increase in strength Advanced Reinforcement Elixir would give to him.
'Then again, there's not much point in having it this early. After all, I can only consume it once I ascend to Rank 4.'
'Either way, the fact that the mechanic behind consuming Reinforcement Elixirs are the same from what I remember does put a smile on my face.' Taking a look out of the window to check how much time was left before sunset, Valyr quickly got up and grabbed the weapons he had brought along with him from Clossbay City before putting them all in his spatial bracelet.
Making sure that the weapons he grabbed were the ones needed for him to complete the quests he had accepted from the Blacksmith Guild, Valyr then told Wells that he would be heading to the Blacksmith Guild for a while before bidding farewell, arriving at his destination only a few minutes later.
…
"It sure is convenient that the Blacksmith Guild's building is only a fair distance away from the Imperial Production Guild." Standing in front of a building that had a similar exterior to the Imperial Production Guild, with the only difference being the amount of space the building occupied, Valyr headed through its entrance as he briefly glanced at the plaque that hung above it.
"Blacksmith Guild — Algerie Kingdom Branch"
Shifting his gaze to what was in front of him, the young man was quickly greeted by the sight of the guild's main hall, the first sight he had noticed being the many people lining up in front of the various counters, with most of the expressions on their faces being that of calmness or slight panic. After that, he shifted his gaze towards the far end of the hall, noticing the spacious corridor that led through the guild's other rooms, as well as the remaining counters that were reserved for official members of the guild.
Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!
Turning his head to the side, Valyr then saw a few people forging items in workshops located on the opposite side of the counter, prompting a few people from the lines to turn around and talk to the blacksmiths themselves. Surprisingly, rather than be annoyed, these blacksmiths instead approached these people with amicable smiles on their faces, stopping what they were doing before proceeding to hold a conversation with them.
Though curious as to why that was the case, Valyr decided that he should finish his own tasks first, heading towards the counters that were allocated for the official members of the guild. Showing his iron badge to the guard that stopped him, the latter quickly gave the young man the right of way, prompting Valyr to inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he lined up.
'And here I thought I'd have to deactivate [Enhanced Polymorph] before being able to get through.' Thinking that he would probably have to deactivate the skill sooner or later while in the guild to prove his identity, Valyr began to think of contingency plans in the off chance that he was asked to dispel the skill, using the time waiting for his turn at the counters to do so.
With the line in front of the counter for official guild members being half as short as the other counters, it only took around 20 minutes of waiting for Valyr to be served by the attendant behind the counter, being a man in his twenties wearing a uniform that had the crest of Blacksmith Guild emblazoned on his chest.
"Welcome to the Blacksmith Guild, how may I help you today?" Hearing this question from the attendant, Valyr brought out the weapons from his spatial bracelet and placed it on the counter before him. Seeing that the attendant's attention had been piqued by his actions, he then proceeded to answer the man's question.
"I accepted a couple of quests from the guild sometime ago that involved forging weapons," said Valyr in a calm tone. "However, I feel like I've already gone past the deadline of submission for these quests. Would it still be possible to receive the rewards from these quests even though they're long overdue?"
"Hmm… could you tell me the names of the quests you accepted?" Furrowing his brows for a bit as he pondered, the attendant eventually asked Valyr for the names of the quests, to which the latter swiftly gave. Nodding in response, the man then brought out a thin tablet before infusing it with mana, tapping its surface a few times here and there before eventually looking back at Valyr.
"Fortunately, there's no time limit to the quests you accepted so it would still be possible to claim them." As these words left the attendant's mouth, Valyr inwardly let out a long sigh of relief as a smile soon crept up onto his lips. "Please give me your proof of membership, as well as any other requests you might have while I'm processing your rewards."
"Ah. Would it be possible to claim the Technology Points I have access to for the month?" Nodding back, Valyr swiftly complied by giving his iron badge to the attendant, only to ask the man regarding the Technology Points soon after. In his mind, he thought that enough time had passed since the last time he claimed his Technology Points, thus he decided to ask the attendant about it.
"Give me a second…" In response, the attendant looked at the badge for a bit, only for the man's eyes to briefly widen in surprise as he stared at Valyr. Taking note of this, Valyr stared back at the man with a hint of confusion on his face, only for his body to shudder in fear not long after as he felt a wave of tyrannical energy wash over his body for a brief moment.
Looking around to see where the energy he felt had come from, Valyr eventually gave up after being unable to find the source, returning his attention back to the attendant in front of him. At that moment, the attendant was already finished processing Valyr's rewards, as well as the question he had asked him, prompting the man to give Valyr's badge back to him as his tone sounded more polite than before.
"The rewards for the quests you have accepted have been sent to you, sir," said the attendant, causing confusion to appear on Valyr's face once more as he continued to listen. "As for the Technology Points, I have also confirmed that you are eligible to claim it for this month."
"Though I would have preferred to give you your Technology Points and move on…"
"I have been informed that there is someone important within the guild that wants to meet you, sir."
Chapter 370: A Suspicious Meeting

"Hmm?" In response to the attendant's words, Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity as the confusion on his face continued to remain. Pondering over whether he knew anyone within the Algerie Kingdom branch of the Blacksmith Guild, he eventually came to the conclusion that he did not know anyone.
With that, he wondered even further as to who the person might be.
'He did say that someone is important within the Blacksmith Guild…' Scratching the back of his head for a bit as his mind thought about the elders he had met from the Imperial Production Guild, the thoughts in his mind eventually clicked as Valyr's eyes briefly widened, gaining an idea of who the person looking for him might be.
'I wonder if that person had something to do with the wave of tyrannical energy I felt earlier.' Feeling like the chances of the person he had in mind meeting him were high, Valyr nodded in response at the attendant's words, deciding to ask the latter about the person's identity to see if his thoughts were correct.
"Unfortunately, that person did not allow me to give you his identity." At those words, Valyr could only put on a bitter smile on his face, faintly nodding as he decided not to pester the attendant any further with the same question over and over. After all, the man before him was just doing its job.
With that, he instead asked the attendant where he could find the person that wanted to meet him, causing the attendant's body to visibly relax as the man quickly replied.
"All you need to do is to head through the corridor and enter through the door at the very end. There you will find the person who wants to meet you, sir." Hearing these words leave the attendant's mouth, Valyr nodded once more as he committed the directions to memory. After that, he asked the attendant once more to make sure if he had indeed gotten the rewards from submitting the weapons he had forged, to which the attendant replied that he did.
"What about the Technology Points? Didn't you tell me I could claim them?" Valyr asked after his first question, recalling that his question regarding the Technology Points had not been answered clearly. In response, the attendant let out a faint sigh as he adorned a faint bitter smile.
"Indeed, I did. However, the person that wants to meet with you has informed me earlier to tell you that it would be better for you to claim your Technology Points with him, sir."
"Can't you just process the Technology Points while I meet with them?"
"Sadly, that person has also told me to not process it, lest I were to be fired, sir."
"I see." Feeling a bit guilty that the attendant had been dragged into the current situation he had gotten himself into, Valyr decided to not make things any more complicated than they already were, thanking the attendant for his time before proceeding to head to the room the attendant told him to head to.
…
"That felt more like a maze than a corridor." Recalling the great number of twists and turns he had to pass through to reach where he was at the moment, Valyr could not stop himself from having a frown on his face, though it disappeared not long after he arrived at the door before him, hearing the sounds of metal clashing against one another on the other side.
Standing where he was for a bit, he closed his eyes and began to perceive the energy that was being released from the other side, quickly noticing that the energy was more or less similar to the wave of energy that washed over his body while he was talking to the attendant earlier.
Though this realization only made him more unsure of the identity of the person on the other side of the door, Valyr mustered up the courage to knock on the door before him, causing the sounds on the other side to quiet down as a gravelly voice resounded from the other side.
"Come in."
Taking in a deep breath, Valyr faintly nodded before opening the door, only to be instantly greeted by a sight that he did not expect to see at all.
Covering the entirety of the room were multiple machines tailor-made for forging, with each machine being made for a specific step in mind. All of the machines had runic engravings on their surface, prompting Valyr to think that all of them were powered through mana.
Forming a contrast to the advanced machines within the room was the furnace that could be found at the back end of the room, taking up most of the space in the back. Being made out of roughly cut stone that seemed to have melted from the heat it had been constantly subjected to, the furnace gave off a barbaric feeling as the heat it gave off at the moment made Valyr feel as if he was standing in front of a gate that led to the Underworld.
Eventually, his eyes landed on the man at the center of the room, who stood behind a large anvil that seemed to be made from refined Azure Iron, hammering away on the sheet of metal on its surface with all of its strength.
Taking a look at the man's face, Valyr thought that he looked to be in his early forties. However, now armed with the knowledge of how one's lifespan increased with every ascension, he felt that it wouldn't be far-fetched for the man before him to already be in his late eighties, perhaps even surpassing a hundred years of age.
Aside from that, the man's body seemed to be made for the purpose of blacksmithing, with every muscle on the man's body bursting out, filled to the brim with energy. This formed a contrast to the empty head of hair the man was sporting, with the only remnants of hair on his face being his eyebrows and his bushy mustache, both of which were reddish brown in color.
"I guess this is the first time we've seen each other face-to-face." Just as Valyr was continuing to admire the room he was currently in, thinking of it as the closest thing to heaven for blacksmiths in Veldanyr, the middle-aged man placed down his hammer before shifting his gaze towards Valyr, giving him a toothy grin as he chuckled.
"You might be wondering why I told the attendant serving you to have you head here, right?" At this question, Valyr merely nodded in response. However, once he heard the man's response, his eyes narrowed in suspicion as he soon flared his aura in its entirety.
"Well, let's just say I want to talk about a couple of things with you…"
"Valyr Zeihardt."
Chapter 371: Julian Pyrrhia

Hearing his name being uttered out of the man's mouth even though he had [Enhanced Polymorph] activated, Valyr instantly showed a hint of aggression towards the man, as well as a bit of suspicion towards the man's intent as he flared his aura in its entirety.
"What a ferocious aura." However, rather than respond to the showing of aura by releasing his own aura as retaliation, the middle-aged man instead allowed Valyr's aura to wash over his body as a grin soon crept up on his face, causing the man's face to look somewhat nefarious. "Then again, with how I knew of your true identity without you knowing mine, this response is normal."
"With that, how about I introduce myself?"
Whoosh!
At the very moment the man was finished with his words, he instantly let the entirety of his aura out, causing Valyr's aura to quickly contract as the young man shuddered in fear at the ferocity and power that was contained within the man's aura. Of course, he still tried to fight back against it through his willpower, but with the disparity in their strength being as wide as a chasm, such an attempt was eventually futile.
"I guess that's enough show of force." Just as the middle-aged man had begun to move closer to him, prompting Valyr to think that there was a chance he would die under the man's hands, the man instead retracted his aura as his expression changed into an amicable smile, the air around him now giving off the feeling that he wanted to become friends with Valyr.
Naturally, Valyr still remained wary and vigilant of the man's next move. Fortunately, these thoughts disappeared once the middle-aged man slightly bowed to Valyr.
"Well, let me preface this introduction of mine by saying sorry," said the middle-aged man to Valyr, causing the expression on the latter's face to gain hints of confusion. Though, this expression quickly returned to normal once he heard the man's next words, inwardly becoming jubilant that his feeling from earlier was actually correct. "And now, my introduction."
"The name's Julian Arthur Pyrrhia, but you can call me Julian. On second thought, just call me Guildmaster Julian. Wouldn't want others to try and find out the relationship we have."
"Anyways, from my words alone, I'm sure you've already inferred that you're talking to the Guildmaster of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild, though I guess it would be more accurate to call me the guild's branch leader."
"I hope that's enough to wipe out any suspicion you might have against me, Herald of the Zeihardt clan." At the very moment Julian was finished speaking, Valyr took in a deep breath before letting out a long sigh, composing himself as he stared at the man before him for a while.
Taking note of the young man's silence in response to his introduction, Julian pondered over what he might have done wrong, only to ask Valyr soon after, "Too formal?"
"Just give me a second to process all of this." In response, Valyr told the man that he was in the midst of taking everything in, prompting Julian to merely nod in response before allowing the young man to take his time digesting the information he had just received.
"Haah…" Letting out a deep sigh, Valyr looked at the man in front of him for a bit before asking, "Why did you want to meet up with me?"
"Well, Herald of the Zeihardt clan…"
"You could just call me Valyr."
"Well, Valyr…" Nodding in response to Valyr's brief interruption, Julian soon gave the young man the answer he wanted, giving him a toothy grin. "How could I not check on the person I've nominated as a candidate for the Four Pillars' Inheritance?"
"Mn?" At those words, Valyr's eyes widened as he raised his eyebrow in curiosity. "You're the one who nominated me?"
"Yep." Julian nodded. "Choosing candidates for the Four Pillars' Inheritance isn't really done through a tournament. Instead, the branch leaders of the Blacksmith, Alchemist, Tailor, and Sage Guilds nominate people to the Imperial Production Guild for candidacy. Of course, the Imperial Production Guild has set criteria for what people should have before being nominated as a candidate, which you fortunately happen to check all the boxes of."
"Speaking of which, the branch leader of the Blacksmith Guild you registered in was the one who gave me a heads-up of your identity," added Julian not long after, causing a frown to appear on Valyr's face. "However, he did not know anything about your identity as a member of the Zeihardt clan. Instead, he recommended you solely due to your class alone."
"Why the beating, then?" Though Valyr already had an idea to the answer to the question he had given to Julian, he still felt a great level of indignance at being unable to fight back at the man he fought against. With that, he decided to ask the man before him, wondering if there was a greater reason for it aside from checking his combat capabilities.
"To check your combat capabilities." Hearing more or less the same words he had heard from Aster back then come out of the man's mouth, Valyr inwardly let out a faint sigh as he wondered why he was expecting to hear more in the first place. Though, once he listened to the man's next words, this thought of his quickly changed.
"According to the Imperial Production Guild's criteria, those with the greatest combat capability among the four candidates chosen to enter the inheritance would become the leader of the exploration, allowing them to take a greater share of the loot once they leave the inheritance," said Julian, only to look at Valyr with a bitter smile soon after. "Unfortunately, at that time, your combat capability was only second to the candidate with the highest combat capability, hence you were not chosen as a leader."
"Hence the small tournament a week before the inheritance?" Connecting the information he had heard so far with the information he already knew, Valyr eventually asked Julian a question, to which the latter nodded.
"Yep. It's a tournament to reassess everyone's combat capabilities."
"I see." Nodding in response, Valyr went silent for a bit as the thoughts in mind continued to swirl. Eventually, a single thought out of all of the thoughts in his mind rose to the surface, causing him to look at Julian with curiosity as he asked, "Now that I think about it, why me though?"
"Pardon?"
"Why me? Why choose me as a candidate? Isn't the criteria something along the lines of having a Mythic blacksmith class?" Although he found the inheritance a great boon to his plans, Valyr had already expected to go through most of the things he had in mind without an inheritance like the Four Pillars' Inheritance, considering that he didn't know anything about it. With that, he asked the man who nominated him in the first place, only for the man to look at him with a bitter smile.
"That is indeed the criteria." Julian nodded. "As long as the person has a Legendary or higher class corresponding to either the Blacksmith, Alchemist, Sage, or Tailor class, they would be considered a potential candidate for the inheritance. In fact, I already had someone else in mind to take the blacksmith candidate spot."
"However, you're ultimately a far better choice."
"A Herald of the Zeihardt clan, the owner of a Mythic grade blacksmith class, plus superb combat capability for your rank."
"How could I not choose you…"
"Especially with the orc outbreak continuing to bring danger to the kingdom?"
Chapter 372: Rising Tensions

"Wait… what do you mean by that?" After Julian was done talking, Valyr went silent for a bit as he thought about what the man had said to him. "Does the inheritance have anything to do with the orc outbreak?"
"Not really." Julian shook his head. "The Four Pillars' Inheritance generally opens once every decade. With that in mind, this opening is just like any other opening we've prepared for in the past."
"It only happened to appear just at the right time where we need it the most."
"And that has something to do with the orc outbreak?" Allowing the gears to turn in his mind, Valyr tried to make sense of how the two were connected. "From what I've been told by the elders from the Imperial Production Guild, the inheritance contains the remnants of a highly advanced civilization in the past."
"That would be correct." Julian nodded in agreement.
"And the goal of having us candidates explore the inheritance in its entirety is to be able to obtain this highly advanced technology for ourselves and help humanity's technology reach a higher level."
"That is also correct."
"With that, how would… oh…" Just as Valyr was about to ask Julian what the connection between the two were, it was only at that very moment when he laid out the purpose of their exploration of the inheritance to the man did he finally put two and two together, a look of understanding adorning his face.
Taking in a couple of deep breaths to compose himself, the young man stared directly at the middle-aged man in front of him with a slight frown, thinking that there was the possibility of his realization being incorrect. Though, with the conversation both of them had been having so far…
"Am… am I correct to assume that the technology from the inheritance would be used to fight against the orc outbreak?"
"Bingo." At those words, Julian nodded, a bitter smile quickly creeping up onto his lips. "As I said, it only happened to appear at the time where we needed it the most."
"Why the need for the inheritance's technology, though?" Valyr asked in response, knowing how simple it was to raise one's strength if need be. "Wouldn't it be better to just create a combat force made out of peak Rank 5 class holders to fight against the orc outbreak?"
"If only it were that easy." Julian shook his head with a wry smile. "The kingdom does have the capability to do something like that on a small scale. If we were to obtain the help of the empire, then perhaps we could proceed with it on a large scale."
"However, although we have multiple ways to increase the strength of people to the peak of Rank 5 at rapid speeds, even having them reach the realm of Epics if need be, there is one thing that can't be cultivated that quickly."
"Combat experience." Of course, after listening to Julian's explanation, Valyr found the problem with the idea as well. After all, a combat force made out of peak Rank 5 class holders may look intimidating at first glance, but after knowing that almost all of them have next to no real combat experience, even a group of seasoned peak Rank 3 class holders would not have much difficulty finding a way to defeat all of them.
Nodding in agreement to Valyr's words, Julian continued. "Combat experience has always been something that's accumulated with time. Sure, we could give them the best skills, the methods to obtain the best classes, and even the best weapons and armor sets. But in the end, all of them will shrink in fear once they see the orcs dashing at them with intense bloodlust."
"But did you guys really give up on the idea, though?" Though Valyr understood the downsides of the idea he had suggested, he knew that such a combat force would become a great advantage as time passed. Fortunately, judging by the toothy grin Julian gave him as he shook his head, the young man quickly found out that they did not truly give up on it at all.
"Of course not." Julian softly chuckled. "We may not be able to deploy such a combat force in the near future, but who knows what kind of impact they might have in the long run."
"Knew it." At the man's words, Valyr flashed a grin before letting out a soft chuckle not long after. Letting out a faint sigh as he was now privy to the fact that there was another purpose to the inheritance he and the other candidates were about to delve into, Valyr eventually decided to ask Julian about the orc outbreak, considering how most of the Blacksmith Guild's quests were related to it.
"Before I arrived here, I've been hearing about an orc outbreak that's appeared near the kingdom," said Valyr, piquing Julian's interest. "Even the quests I've submitted earlier have something to do with it. I've tried asking the elders from the Imperial Production Guild about it, but they told me to ask you about it instead."
"Not surprised." Julian nodded, a slight frown appearing on his face. "Those darn geezers will make a move only if the kingdom is in danger or if it has something to do with the inheritance, after all."
"So, would it be fine to ask you for more information about it? Like how big the outbreak is and whatnot?"
"I mean… you're bound to come across this information sooner or later, so I suppose why not." Surprisingly, Julian did not mind Valyr's request, taking on a lackadaisical approach to it as he shrugged his shoulders. Becoming silent for a bit, Julian organized the thoughts he had regarding the orc outbreak before proceeding to explain it to Valyr.
"Hmm… I should probably begin with how we're faring against the orc outbreak at the moment. Well, at the moment, we're maintaining a precarious balance between both sides, with the human and the orc race currently evenly matched in terms of combat power. It's also the reason why the orc race hasn't reached the kingdom walls yet."
"Nevertheless, they did breach through the defensive line we've set up around the city to the east, so we had to play a bit of catch-up to make sure it doesn't affect us in the long run." Julian looked at Valyr. "By catch-up, I mean the Blacksmith Guild's members frantically forging as much equipment as possible."
"Right now, the orc outbreak is considered to be small-scale under the criteria of the empire, though they are keeping an eye on it in the off-chance it does increase in size. However, it wasn't always like this."
"In fact, there was once a time where both sides settled disputes peacefully."
Chapter 373: A Bit Of Help

Seeing as Valyr was attentively listening to his explanation, Julian inwardly nodded in satisfaction towards Valyr's interest in the matter before proceeding to continue where he left off.
"For what many people with high class ranks in the kingdom have come to know as normal, the orc and human race had a mostly amicable relationship between one another, only settling disputes through battle if it was truly irreconcilable. In fact, the emperor of our own Meltierre Empire and the emperor of the orc race's Khagarax Empire are considered to be good friends, even going so far as to host tournaments that would allow the young talents of their respective races to fight against one another and expand both sides' horizons."
"From what I've been told, this relationship has lasted for about 200 years or so, only for it to undergo an abrupt change over a decade ago." At these words, Julian's expression became solemn as he soon let out a low sigh. "The emperor of the Khagarax Empire had stepped down from his throne and allowed his son, the heir, to ascend to the throne and become the new emperor."
"During the first few years, there was next to no difference regarding the relationship the human race had with the orc race. However, as time passed, our emperor found out more and more information regarding the personality of the new orc emperor, deciding to gradually distance himself from the orc race after coming to the conclusion that it was the safest decision."
"See, unlike the previous orc emperor, which was said to be wise and looked at things from a long term perspective, the new orc emperor, although wise in his own terms, was someone who allowed his feelings to dictate his actions, thinking that the orc race was the only race in Veldanyr fit to rule the entire world."
"Or at least, that's what I've been told through my sources." Julian briefly shrugged his shoulders, reminding Valyr to take his words with a grain of salt.
"Either way, after our emperor decided to distance himself from the new orc emperor, the latter decided to take offense at this and launch an offensive against our settlements. At first, the orcs would harass the smaller, less protected settlements, such as villages and towns. However, as time passed, the scale of their combat force grew larger, while the settlements they targeted grew larger as well."
"Eventually, the orc race decided to target their first human kingdom. The Algerie Kingdom."
"And that's more or less where we are at the moment," said Julian, wrapping up his explanation on the matter. "Depending on how it unfolds, we might be able to successfully push the orc race back to where they came from, or the human and orc race would engage in a large-scale war against one another."
"Either way, a great deal of stress." Julian let out a faint sigh. "Then again, it's not like I accepted this position without knowing of its responsibilities anyway."
"Has the elf race been affected by the change in the orc race as well?" Nodding in response to Julian's words, Valyr posed a question to him not long after, wondering if the third ruling race of the current age was affected in any way. Unexpectedly, Julian looked at him with a wry smile before shaking his head.
"With how they've decided to seclude themselves from the rest of the world, as well as the fact that they've built a near impenetrable defense surrounding their territory, probably not," said Julian in response, only to ponder over the matter for a bit before adding, "Then again, rumors did say that they sent out a few groups to inflict a bit of damage to the elf race… though no news about it appeared after that."
"Hmm…" Rubbing his chin as he processed all of the information he had heard from Julian so far, Valyr decided to check with the man before him if he had gotten all of the information correctly. "So, if I'm getting this right, because of the orc outbreak, and the fact that the Four Pillars' Inheritance is close to opening, you've nominated me as a candidate for the position of blacksmith as it would allow us to explore a greater portion of the inheritance… I think."
"You're correct." Julian nodded. "The rarer the classes the candidates have, the more of the inheritance would be unlocked once they begin to explore its surroundings. I have no idea why that's the case, but that's how it is."
"So, choosing me as a candidate increases the chances of us possibly discovering a piece of technology that would allow our side to gain an edge against the orc race?"
"Pretty much, though we don't really have much hopes on it."
"I see." Taking in a deep breath, Valyr eventually nodded in understanding. Looking at Julian, he then asked, "Is this the actual reason why you wanted to meet me?"
"Nope. I just really wanted to meet the candidate I've chosen in person and get an idea of how you and the other three might possibly fare once the inheritance opens," replied Julian bluntly. "The talk about the orc outbreak and such was just a tangent I did not mind delving into."
At those words, Valyr scratched the back of his head, feeling embarrassment at the fact that his thoughts on what the main reason behind their meeting could be was actually wrong. Of course, Julian noticed the slight embarrassment on Valyr's face, letting out a bit of laughter in response, which only made the latter feel even more embarrassed.
"Well, with all things considered, you've definitely exceeded my expectations, Valyr." Julian smiled at Valyr before deciding to head back to the anvil to continue working on the equipment he was in the middle of forging. "Remember how the attendant told you that you'd be better off claiming your Technology Points once you're done meeting with me?"
"Yeah?"
"I fully intend to follow through with that statement." Placing the sheet of metal on the anvil into the large furnace behind him, Julian sent in a wave of mana through the furnace, causing the heat inside to raise at an alarming rate. "Plus, with the fact that you're a candidate for the inheritance and a Herald of the Zeihardt clan, helping you out in this manner is the least I can do to increase your chances of finding something special within the inheritance."
"With that, using the power vested within me as the Guildmaster of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild, I, Julian Arthur Pyrrhia, shall increase your rank from Elite Member…"
"…to Core Member."
Chapter 374: Good Ol' Nepotism

"Core Member?" At first, Valyr was slightly confused as to what position Julian had given him, recalling the four ranks Tristan had explained to him in the past. Fortunately, it did not take long for him to realize how much of a jump he had undergone in terms of rank, recalling the overall hierarchy of class guilds after rummaging through his memories for a while.
Oblivious to what was going on inside Valyr's mind, Julian interpreted the young man's response as a genuine question, prompting him to give Valyr an explanation on the hierarchy that was in place within class guilds. "Before I begin my explanation, do you happen to know the four ranks a member could reach in a guild?"
"Normal, Elite, True, and Legacy, right?" Though Valyr already knew how significant becoming a Core Member was, he decided to participate in Julian's explanation, using it to refresh and jog his memory regarding the hierarchy.
"That is correct." Julian nodded, flashing a slight smile at the young man. Turning around to look at how the metal he placed in the furnace was faring, he quickly noticed that it had already reached the optimal temperature for hammering, prompting him to summon a few mana strands that reached out to the metal.
"That is hot." Letting out a soft hiss as he swiftly placed the red hot metal onto the anvil, Julian did not waste time and grabbed his trusty forging hammer before proceeding to hammer the metal into shape. As sounds of the hammer clashing against the metal reverberated throughout the room, the man continued where he left off in his explanation. "Oh, right. Where was I?"
"So, everyone starts off as a normal member once they register," said Julian in between the hammering. "By doing a few deeds for the guild, you can increase your rank to Elite, eventually reaching True and Legacy after doing even more deeds for the guild."
"However, what not a lot of people know at the lower ranks is that these four ranks are actually stages for the actual ranks themselves."
"With that, the actual ranks that are in place within the guild are as follows: Member, Core Member, Lesser Elder, Elder, Protector, Vice Leader, and Leader." Stopping his explanation for a bit, Julian looked at the metal he had been hammering for quite some time, faintly nodding in satisfaction after making sure that it had taken on a good rough shape of what he planned to forge. Placing the shaped metal back into the furnace, he allowed the ambient heat already within the furnace to get the metal up to temperature.
"The Member and Core Member rank are separated into four stages each, which are the ones you mentioned earlier, while the Lesser Elder, Elder, and Protector rank are separated into five stages each. In their case, they have an additional stage called the Honorary stage before reaching the Normal stage."
"And then the Vice Leader and Leader rank don't have stages at all. After all, why would there be multiple vice leaders and leaders in one guild branch?" At these words, Julian let out a faint chuckle. "Anyways, since you're a Rank 2 class holder, if you were a normal member, then you would be able to get 100 Technology Points each month from the guild."
"However, you're an elite member, thus you instead get 200 Technology Points each month." Taking a look whether or not the shaped metal was ready to be molded even further, Julian turned around to take a look at the furnace, only to take it out once more after noticing that a couple of the edges had begun to warp from the extreme heat.
Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!
While fixing the warps on the metal through incessant hammering, Julian decided to ask Valyr a question. "Speaking of which, how did you become an elite member, if you don't mind me asking?"
"Participated in the Fledgling Forgers' Tournament," replied the young man in response, causing Julian to nod before proceeding to continue with his explanation.
"I see. Well, it seems I don't have to go into detail on the fact that the amount of points you could get per month doubles with each stage. Then again, with a normal core member only being one stage above a legacy member, how many Technology Points per month do you think the former gets?"
"1,600?" Though he already knew the answer, Valyr decided to humor the man.
"You thought that would be the case, but in fact, it isn't." Julian wryly smiled as he shook his head. "Instead, a normal core member gets a thousand Technology Points per month, which is exactly ten times as much as a normal member at your rank gets per month."
"Though, after that, the doubling rate applies once more, with a legacy core member getting access to 8,000 Technology Points per month." Hearing how much points a legacy core member had access to, Valyr thought about how nice it would be to have that much Technology Points at the moment, considering that it would be more than enough for him to increase his progress in the Technology Tree's Innovation branch past the Medieval Age.
'Then again, a thousand points a month ain't that small either.' Of course, Valyr was still more than pleased to have his rank increased to Core Member, considering that he thought that he would be stuck as an elite member for a long while until he found ways to increase his rank by the time he reached the higher class ranks.
"Anyways, once I finish this, I'll have someone increase your rank in the guild to Core Member, as well as update your class rank to Rank 2," said Julian as he began to treat the metal he was working with through the annealing process, leaving Valyr no choice but to nod in response. "Aside from that, do you have anything else you want me to know?"
"There is one thing I want to ask." Hearing Julian's question, Valyr was reminded of his conversation with Braum back at the Imperial Production Guild. "Would it be possible to sell equipment I forge through the guild's channels?"
"No problem." Julian nodded, still keeping an eye on the piece of metal he was working on. "I could also have someone guide you through the selling process while upgrading your badge. Of course, the guild deducts a commission fee from selling your equipment, though this fee is reduced since you're now a core member."
"Then again, I'd highly suggest you set up your own smithy if you want to keep all of the profits to yourself. The commission fee is still a large chunk of the profit, after all." At these words, Valyr could not stop a faint smile from creeping up onto his lips, only to tell Julian soon after that he did not have the capital to set up a smithy in the first place, hence the request.
"Are you going to use the money you earn from selling equipment through the guild to set up your own smithy, then?"
"As of now, no." Valyr shook his head. "I plan to use it to head to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains to grab some Skill Keys."
"The Lesser Meltierre Mountains, huh?" Hearing those words, Julian stopped what he was doing for a bit as he pondered over something in silence. After that, he looked at Valyr and gave the young man a suggestion… which only left the latter at a loss for words.
"How about you use the guild's teleportation constructs, then?"
Chapter 375: Even More Nepotism

"Eh?" For a few seconds, Valyr looked at Julian with a blank expression, feeling great disbelief at the words the latter had said to him to the point that he wondered whether he had heard correctly. Fortunately, it did not take long for him to get over his shock, though he was still hesitant to accept it outright.
"What's wrong?" Naturally, Julian noticed Valyr's hesitation while concurrently having the piece of equipment he was working on now undergo through the tempering process. "Didn't you want to use the teleportation constructs? After all, it'll save you a lot of money than using the public ones."
"I know that." Valyr nodded, his face containing a wry smile. "However, don't you think it would be suspicious for a core member to head through the guild's teleportation constructs for no reason? I may now have a considerably higher rank than before, but would it be enough for me to pass through the constructs without a problem?"
"Ah." At those words, it was only at that moment did Julian realize his blunder, stopping what he was doing for a second as he thought about it for a bit. After a minute or so of silence, the man looked at Valyr with an apologetic smile. "I definitely overlooked that part. Thanks for reminding me."
"Teleportation constructs are only available to use for those at the Lesser Elder rank and above, so a core member like you would definitely be stopped even before you step a foot into the room where the constructs are." Scratching the back of his head, Julian placed the forging hammer he was wielding to the side as he pondered over the matter at hand. "Hmm… what to do…"
Of course, it did not take long for the answer to pop up in his mind, prompting him to continue working on the piece of equipment before him, albeit at a slightly faster pace.
"Let's do it this way. Let me finish forging this piece of equipment first and then I'll accompany you in upgrading your badge, as well as have you go through the teleportation constructs. Sound good?" Hearing Julian's suggestion this time around, although it still left Valyr at a loss for words, it was not due to the immense shock he felt from the suggestion anymore. Instead, it was the slight excitement he felt towards the situation, which caused him to nod in agreement to what Julian had said to him.
Seeing Valyr nod in response to his suggestion, Julian nodded back as he flashed a slight grin, only to focus his attention back on the equipment before him. "Since it'll be a while before I finish, you could either go ahead and wait for me outside, or you could stay here and watch me forge while we talk about a couple things. It's not often that I have visitors in my room while I forge, to be honest."
"I'd be glad to take you up on your second offer, then." In response to Julian's words, Valyr went with the second option, prompting the middle-aged man to let out a bit of hearty laughter as he gave the young man a toothy grin. After that, Julian worked on the equipment for a bit more before placing the forging hammer to the side, staring at the air in front of him soon after.
"What level and rarity is your disguise skill at the moment?" Whilst Julian was in the middle of staring at nothing, he posed a question to Valyr, which caused the latter to tilt his head in slight confusion for a bit, wondering the man's intent behind the question. Thankfully, it did not take long for the young man to put two and two together in his mind, becoming slightly expectant and excited as to what Julian might do in response to his answer.
"It's an Uncommon+ skill at Level 10. Currently at the bottleneck."
"I'm surprised you could get a disguise skill at that rarity with your current class rank." With his eyes briefly widening in surprise at Valyr's answer, Julian closed his eyes for a bit, only for a rift to appear a few dozen centimeters away from him.
Whoosh!
With Valyr staring at the scene before him wide-eyed in shock, Julian extended one of his hands into the rift before eventually retrieving a key that was silver in color, its overall design bearing great resemblance to keys from ancient times. Embedded within the bow of a key was a small green crystal, which gave Valyr the feeling that it contained the power to unlock something within him.
"Here you go. An Uncommon grade Skill Key. Use it to upgrade your disguise skill. After all, we don't want anyone else to find out your true identity." After giving the Skill Key to Valyr, Julian closed the rift he had opened before returning his attention to the piece of equipment he was working on, the sound of metal clashing against metal resounding throughout the room once more.
Staring at the key he had been given for a bit, Valyr took in a deep breath before proceeding to command the system to use the Skill Key to unlock the bottleneck stopping him from upgrading [Enhanced Polymorph] to Level 11 and above.
Ding!
[Would you like to use 1 Uncommon Skill Key and spend 14,684 XP to upgrade 'Enhanced Polymorph' to Level 11?]
"Yes." At the very instant after he had confirmed the prompt that appeared in front of him, the key he was holding transformed into motes of light, all of which were making their way to his forehead. Then, without leaving a trace on his forehead, the motes of light passed through his forehead and entered his mind, eventually finding the skill that Valyr chose to unlock as the sound of a door unlocking resounded through his mind not long after.
Soon after, an influx of information regarding the skill surged through Valyr's mind, giving the young man a better idea of what he could do with the skill, as well as what limits the skill had now that it had broken through its bottleneck.
Once he was finished organizing the information he had received from the upgrade, he then went ahead and commanded the system to upgrade [Enhanced Polymorph] to its max level, causing over 850,000 XP to disappear within an instant as he was soon bombarded with information once more.
Though, with the experience he had regarding learning and upgrading multiple skill books at the same time, it did not take long for everything to return to normal, with the only difference being the fact that the disguise Valyr was using now seemed to be harder to figure out. Noticing this change, a faint smile appeared on Julian's face as he briefly glanced at the young man before returning his attention to what he was working on.
And with that, the two of them decided to pass the time by talking about certain topics within the kingdom as Julian continued to toil away.
Chapter 376: A Small Oversight

"That was undoubtedly the most interesting conversation I've ever had with someone." Within the corridors of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild, a middle-aged man and a young man walked side by side with amicable expressions on their faces as the former looked to the man beside him before laughing. "You've definitely widened my horizons with that one."
"To be honest, even I was surprised when I first found out it was possible to do something like that. Of course, you doing it in front of me only made it all the more unbelievable." In response, the young man let out a peal of laughter, nodding in agreement as the two of them continued on with their conversation.
Eventually, the two of them had arrived at the main hall of the guild, prompting them to stop their conversation as Julian had a slightly dejected expression at the realization. "And we were just getting to the good part."
"We could still talk about it some other time, no?" Taking note of the slight disappointment hidden within Julian's words, Valyr had to agree, thinking to himself that his conversation with the man was probably the most in-depth conversation he had about blacksmithing so far in his current life. Through their conversation, his doubts regarding certain areas had been clarified, while some of the knowledge he already knew in the world of blacksmithing had been refined in greater detail.
Then again, Julian felt the same way towards the conversation he had with Valyr. After all, the latter had brought him a perspective towards blacksmithing that he did not think could be feasible in the first place, getting the feeling that implementing even some of the ideas he and Valyr had talked about during their conversation would enhance his crafts to a whole other level.
"That is true." Though Julian really wanted to continue his conversation with Valyr, he knew that the young man still had other things to do. Aside from that, there was the fact that he had promised a couple of things to him as well, such as the upgrade to Valyr's rank. "In any case, the sun is only a couple of hours away from setting, so I think let's get everything sorted before that happens."
"I would definitely appreciate that." In response, Valyr beamed a smile to the middle-aged man, causing the latter to let out a hearty chuckle as the two of them headed towards the counters made for official members of the guild. Unsurprisingly, with Julian making an appearance in the guild's main hall, everyone in that area stopped what they were doing as they watched the two make their way to one of the counters, only for them to see the two wait for their turn.
Of course, those ahead of them in the line they entered and knew of Julian's identity offered that the two of them could go ahead of them, while those who were oblivious to the identity of the Guildmaster of the Blacksmith Guild heard the slight panic in the others' tones and did the same thing as well.
Unfortunately, both Valyr and Julian declined their offers, instead deciding to continue where their conversation left off, utilizing strands of mana to form a line of communication between the two of them as they knew that the topic of their conversation would definitely have everyone in the hall listening to them, especially if they decided to just talk about it.
With that, everyone in the hall was left with no choice but to eventually return to what they were doing before the arrival of the two, though they still sneaked glances at the two from time to time, only to see that the two were deeply engrossed in their conversation. Nevertheless, the line continued to move forward, and eventually, it was Valyr and Julian's turn.
"We meet again." Noticing that they were now at the front, Valyr turned his head to look at the attendant, only to notice that he had lined up for the same attendant that informed him to meet Julian earlier. "Hopefully, there won't be a problem with claiming my Technology Points anymore?"
"T-There is none at all, sir." Naturally, with how the boss of the entire guild was standing before him, the attendant felt a level of nervousness he had never felt before as he tried his best to make sure that he wouldn't do anything that would infuriate the man beside Valyr. "G-Greetings to the Guildmaster."
"Loosen up, will you?" Noticing the immense nervousness the attendant felt towards his presence, Julian went ahead and retracted his aura as much as possible, even going so far as to remove any traces of the aura he passively emanated. "If it helps, we only need your help for a couple of things here and we'll leave."
"Give him your badge." As these words left Julian's mouth, Valyr nodded in response before giving his iron badge to the attendant, who received it with both hands. Continuing to hold the badge he had been given as he wondered what the badge for, the attendant eventually realized what the leader of the guild wanted him to do, placing the badge to the side before proceeding to bring up a thin tablet.
Slightly grinning at the attendant's quick wits, Julian briefly nodded before telling the attendant, "With the power vested in me as the Guildmaster of this branch of the Blacksmith Guild, I now hereby declare that the rank of this friend beside me shall be increased to Core Member."
"Oh, and also, give him the Technology Points that come with the rank."
"I-I'll try my best to process it as quickly as possible." Nodding in response, the attendant took in a deep breath to compose himself before proceeding to infuse a great amount of mana into the tablet he held, interacting with it for a bit before heading somewhere with Valyr's iron badge in tow. A minute or so later, the attendant returned in front of the two with a badge that was made out of more precious material, its surface engraved with an incredibly exquisite design in the form of stars.
"Here you go, sir." Extending his hands out towards Valyr, the attendant gave the young man his new badge, which the latter thanked the man for his efforts, only to receive it not long after. Unsurprisingly, at the very moment he had done so, a series of notification sounds went off in his mind as the two of them left the counter.
Ding!
[You have affiliated yourself with the 'Blacksmith Guild (Algerie Kingdom Branch, Veldanyr)'.]
[Your previous rank [Rank 1 — Member] has been improved to [Rank 2 — Core Member]. Increase your rank or merit to improve your position.]
[You have received 1,000 Technology Points.]
Seeing the young man stare off into nothingness for a brief moment, a faint grin crept up onto Julian's lips as he wrapped his arms around the young man's shoulders, causing the latter to snap back to reality.
"So, shall we head to the teleportation constructs?"
"We could do that…"
"But how about we take a detour to where I'm staying first?"
Chapter 377: A Good Friend's Concern

"Hmm?" Raising his eyebrows in curiosity as a response to Valyr's suggestion, Julian took a look at how much time there was left before the sun began to set, which was only about one and a half hours away. "I don't mind, but why the need to take a detour?"
"My armor set that I use is still back at the inn I'm staying in." Responding to the question, Valyr had a slightly apologetic smile on his face as he looked at Julian. "Considering that I'm going to delve into a dungeon for Skill Keys, wouldn't I have a greater advantage if I brought along my armor set with me?"
"But don't you have a spatial bracelet with you?" In response, Julian pointed at the bracelet Valyr wore, causing the latter to bitterly smile as he gave the bracelet to the former for him to take a look. At first, Julian did not understand why the young man had given him the bracelet, though after infusing his mana into it, it quickly became clear to him.
"Now that I think about it, it's actually rare for someone at your rank to own a spatial bracelet." Bitterly smiling as he gave the spatial bracelet back to Valyr, Julian made his way to the entrance, prompting Valyr to follow behind him as the two of them made their way to the inn. "Judging by its design and its storage capacity, you got it from the Boundless Skill Pavilion, right?"
"I wasn't even expecting to get a spatial bracelet after buying skill books from there," said Valyr in response as he softly chuckled. "In fact, my initial idea was to apply some spatial compression magic on my armor set so I could carry the entire set wherever as long as I had a backpack with me."
"Spatial compression magic, huh?" As the two of them continued to walk through the streets of Algerie City, Julian pondered over the matter for a bit. "It's definitely far cheaper than getting a spatial bracelet capable of storing your entire armor set, but it's still quite expensive."
"Fortunately for you, I know a couple of high level mages that could help you out with that problem." Hearing these words leave Julian's mouth, Valyr stopped in his tracks for a bit as he looked at the middle-aged man before him as a savior, wondering where such a person like him had been all his life. "I could negotiate with them to get a lower price, but I guess that'll have to wait until you return from the Lesser Meltierre Mountains."
"Speaking of which, why that place out of all other places to get Skill Keys?" asked Julian not long after. "You do know we have a dungeon that drops Skill Keys inside the city, right?"
"Of course I do." Valyr nodded. "However, the amount of effort to get one Skill Key from the Algerie Catacombs is a lot. After all, you'd have to fight against the dungeon boss to get one, unlike the Lesser Meltierre Mountains, where every monster has a chance of dropping it."
"That I cannot refute."
dα---na| сom "I do plan on heading there for Epic grade Skill Keys in the future, though. If I remember correctly, the Lesser Meltierre Mountains only has dungeons that can drop Rare grade Skill Keys at most."
"Or you could just buy them," said Julian in response. "There's not much demand for Epic grade Skill Keys, considering how the chances of one owning an Epic grade skill in this kingdom, perhaps in the entire empire, is pretty low."
"Then again, the Lesser Meltierre Mountains also has a small chance to drop Skill Shards, so I understand why you chose that place."
"I'll have to thank you in advance for helping me find a mage that could cast spatial compression magic on my armor, then." Seeing that Julian was done talking about the dungeon he was heading to, Valyr thanked the man for his offer from earlier, which the latter responded with a smile as they eventually arrived at the inn Valyr was staying in.
…
"Oh, you're finally back." Noticing that the door to the room was being opened, Wells went ahead and greeted Valyr, only to become silent as he looked at the middle-aged man that came along with him. "And that is…?"
"Julian Pyrrhia, the Guildmaster of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild." As these words left Valyr's mouth, Wells stood frozen in place as he stared at Julian with his mouth slightly agape, not expecting the person to have such an identity.
"Nice to meet you." Deciding to be intentionally oblivious towards the shock Wells felt towards his identity, Julian went ahead and struck up a conversation with Wells as Valyr made his way to his room to grab his armor set. "You're Valyr's friend, right?"
"Wells Anadhar…" Wondering if the conversation he was having right now was even real or not, Wells responded to the question nevertheless, causing Julian to let out a chuckle as he gradually made the former more comfortable around his presence.
"Now that I think about it, what brings you and uh… Julian here?" After the nervousness he felt from the entire situation gradually disappeared, Wells shifted his gaze to where Valyr was, only to find out that the latter was in the process of wearing his Nascent Wyvern Armor.
"We made a quick detour to grab the armor set," said Valyr in response as he appeared in front of Julian, who briefly whistled in admiration at the craftsmanship of the set. "I'll be heading to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains, actually."
"Really?" At those words, Wells frowned. "Didn't you just come back from Astarto Village yesterday? And now you're telling me you're going to head to some other faraway place right now?"
"You should really take a break, Valyr."
Feeling the concern behind Wells' words, an apologetic smile appeared on Valyr's lips, which were hidden underneath the helmet he wore. Nevertheless, he still relayed this emotion he felt through the tone of his voice. "I understand the concern, but I'm trying to prepare as much as possible for the upcoming inheritance."
"That doesn't mean you shouldn't take some time off and relax, or at the very least go through your things at a slower pace." Wells let out a sigh as he looked at Valyr. "We still have a long life ahead of us, Valyr. There's no need to rush."
'If only you knew what I was preparing for, Wells.' At those words, Valyr could not stop himself from adorning a bitter smile, thinking about the main reason why he felt a sense of urgency to get stronger. However, he decided not to tell Wells about it, instead keeping it for himself as he replied, "Don't worry. I understand what you mean."
"Once I get back from the Lesser Meltierre Mountains, I promise you that I'll take a long break and rest."
"I really hope you do, Valyr. You may be a Rank 2 class holder now, but your body still has a limit."
"I'll definitely keep that in mind." With that, Valyr bade farewell to Wells as he and Julian left the inn, making their way back to the Blacksmith Guild not long after.
"You know, you've got yourself a good friend. Not a lot of people would care for others like that." In the midst of their walk back to the guild, Julian looked at Valyr beside him and talked about Wells. In response to those words, Valyr went silent as a smile crept up on his lips, only for him to nod in agreement soon after.
"I really do."
"He's a great friend."
Chapter 378: To The Other Side

"You crafted this armor set yourself, right?" After the two of them were talking for a bit about Wells, Julian shifted their topic to the armor set Valyr was wearing, his admiration at the craftsmanship of the set still at the same level as it was the first time he saw it. "You've used quite the precious materials on it."
"I definitely spent a lot of coins to get it to where it is right now," said Valyr in response, a bitter smile appearing on his face as he recalled how much money he only had to his name at the moment. "I think I've spent around 15 platinum coins on it so far? Around 15 to 20 platinum coins."
"It ain't much compared to other pieces of equipment I've forged in the past, but it's definitely a lot for someone like you." Slightly surprised at the amount of money Valyr had thrown towards the armor set he wore, Julian went ahead and activated [Analysis] to take a look at its description. "Taking into consideration that kind of budget, your current class, and the general level of craftsmanship one would have at your rank, I'd take a guess that your armor set is probably Uncommo—?!"
"Epic?!" Gazing at the screen that had appeared in front of him, Julian was forced to interrupt himself from the sheer amount of shock he felt from reading the four letter word on the rarity portion of the armor set's description. Realizing that he had just blurted out something that shouldn't have been known by others in the first place, the man quickly established a line of communication with Valyr through mana before proceeding to say his next words.
"You really crafted an Epic grade armor set?"
"Well, the first version of the armor set was actually Uncommon+ grade," said Valyr in response through the line as they continued to walk. "After that, I modified the armor with precious materials, which allowed it to reach the grade it currently has at the moment."
"Someone who could craft an Epic grade armor set at Rank 2… I mean, I know it's possible, but still…" Still feeling immense shock over the true value of the armor set Valyr was wearing, Julian continued reading through its description, only for his attention to be piqued by the first innate skill the armor set had. "On top of that, an armor set that would allow a lower-leveled user to equip it…"
"If you don't mind me asking, how much experience do you have in forging?"
Hearing Julian's question, Valyr pondered over whether he should add in the experience he had accrued back when he was a player in his answer or count the time he had spent forging only after his current life had begun. In the end, he decided to respond with an answer that was a mix of both, telling the man that he had been forging for about three to four years or so.
Nevertheless, that amount of time was still more than enough to leave Julian astounded. "Such a short amount of time… on top of that, being able to obtain the best attribute awakenings on all armor pieces and refine every piece about +10…"
"A True Prodigious Blacksmith is definitely terrifying."
'You've definitely got that right.' Inwardly chuckling at how true Julian's statement was, the two of them eventually arrived at the guild with half an hour of sunlight left to spare, slightly hastening their pace to arrive at the room where the teleportation constructs were located.
…
"Welcome to the Teleportation Hall, Guildmaster." At the instant Valyr and Julian arrived at the place where the teleportation constructs, all of the staff inside the room greeted him with a high level of respect, causing the latter to respond back with a firm nod. "How may we help you today?"
"I'm here to send this kid to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains." In response to the question, Julian placed his hand firmly on Valyr's shoulder, giving off an aura of confidence as he responded. "You have my permission to authorize such a teleport."
"Duly noted, Guildmaster." One of the staff within the room nodded in response to Julian's words as another staff brought out a thin tablet before infusing it with mana. "Would the teleport be one-way or would it be a round trip?"
"Of course, it's a round trip." As Julian and the staff continued to talk about the specifics of the teleport, Valyr decided to take the time to take a good look at the room he was in, inwardly being awe at the sheer number of teleportation constructs that were built within the room.
On top of that, a large teleportation construct was at the center of all these teleportation constructs, the runes and lines that made up the construct gradually glowing as the staff seemed to be in the process of powering it up with mana.
Wondering whether he was going to use the large teleportation construct to head to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains, the conversation between Julian and the stuff was already finished, with the former tossing a token with the crest of the Blacksmith Guild on it to Valyr.
"Don't lose this token, you hear me?" reminded Julian. "This token is your only key to return back to this place through a teleportation construct. Of course, all you have to do is just show it to the Blacksmith Guild near the Lesser Meltierre Mountains and they'll take care of the rest."
"I'll definitely keep that in mind." Nodding in response, Valyr waited for the large teleportation construct before them to reach its full capacity, only for him to recall that he had actually forgotten a deal he had made with someone before he left for Astarto Village.
"What's wrong?" Unexpectedly, Julian sensed the slight panic Valyr was feeling, prompting him to ask the latter this question.
"I just remembered that Elder Noel told me that I have three days to respond to a question he asked me a few days ago," said Valyr in response. "It's already been over three days."
"Elder Noel?" Julian slightly tilted his head as he pondered over who Valyr was referring to. "Ah. Noel from the Spearman Guild?"
"Yeah."
"If you want, I could send him a message regarding your whereabouts." Hearing these words leave Julian's mouth, Valyr was reminded of the things the man had already done for him earlier, prompting him to wonder why the man was so kind to him. Nevertheless, he decided to save the question for another time, quickly accepting Julian's request as he apologized to him.
"Don't worry about it." Noticing Valyr's apologetic tone, Julian responded back with a hearty chuckle, waving his hand back and forth in nonchalance. "We've known each other for quite some time now, so he'll be able to read the message."
"In any case, the teleportation construct is ready." Pointing at the large teleportation construct before them, Julian urged Valyr to step onto the construct, to which the latter did.
Standing at the center of the construct, Valyr looked back at Julian before deciding to thank the man for everything he had done for him. In response, Julian gave the young man a toothy grin as he assured him once more that everything would be fine on his end and that he should get as much Skill Keys as possible.
"Guess I'll see you in a couple of days from now?"
"I'll try my best to get all of the keys I need in one."
"Hahaha! You better give me an Uncommon grade Skill Key once you get back, okay?"
dα---na| сom "Hahahaha! But of course."
"Alright then. See you later."
"See you later."
Whoosh!
Chapter 379: Lesser Meltierre Mountain Outpost

As the large teleportation construct in the center of the room activated, a blinding light filled the entirety of the room as Valyr's presence in the room disappeared within seconds. As the light subsided, Julian's gaze remained affixed towards the large teleportation construct, only turning around to leave once the construct had been fully deprived of its energy.
"Guildmaster." However, just as he was about to head back to his room in the guild and call it a day, one of the staff called for his name, prompting him to stop in his tracks as he turned his around and raised his eyebrow. Seeing that they had gained Julian's attention, the staff looked back at the large teleportation construct for a bit before looking back at Julian. "Do you happen to know the identity of the person we teleported?"
"I do." Julian nodded.
"Would it be possible for us to know of their identity?" In response, the staff asked if it was possible for them to find out, to which Julian shook his head.
"There's no need for you guys to know their identity," said Julian to them. Then, with a faint smile, he continued, "All you have to know is that you're doing a great service for helping me teleport him."
After that, he turned around and bade farewell to the staff before leaving, making his way back to his room.
'After all, he might become the key to end this war against the orcs.'
…
Whoosh!
"Urk…" After a few seconds of feeling like he was zooming through the air at high speeds, Valyr eventually felt the weight of his body return to him in one go, causing him to feel an immense bout of dizziness as he briefly glanced at where he had appeared. Deciding to focus on removing his dizziness for the meantime, he closed his eyes as he allowed the dizziness to subside, only opening them once he was sure the nausea he felt was gone.
'So, I guess I've finally arrived.' Taking a look at his current surroundings, Valyr instantly noticed how he was standing on the only teleportation construct that existed within the room. Aside from that, he took a look at the walls and the floor of the room he was in, taking note that everything in this place seemed to be made out of stone that was roughly sanded down.
"Welcome to the Blacksmith Guild, sir." Just as he was about to continue looking at his surroundings for a bit more, he heard a voice in front of him, causing him to look at a young woman eye to eye. "We have been informed of your arrival from the Guildmaster of Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild beforehand."
"Where am I?" Stepping out of the construct, Valyr took a look outside the windows within the room, taking note of the fact that only a few buildings sparsely scattered throughout the area existed, all of which were connected by a dirt road. With that, he turned his head back to the young woman who greeted him, only to be left at a slight loss for words at the woman's response.
"You're currently within the Blacksmith Guild, sir. Specifically, the Lesser Meltierre Mountain Outpost branch of the Blacksmith Guild," said the woman, which prompted a question to pop up in Valyr's mind not long after.
'Didn't the dungeons in the Lesser Meltierre Mountains have a city connected to it? What's an outpost doing here?'
As far as he could remember from back when he was a player, the dungeons within the Lesser Meltierre Mountains were connected to a thriving city on the same level as Clossbay, its main source of income being the fact that one would be able to obtain a lot of Skill Keys through its nearby dungeons. In fact, he was certain that there should be a city near the dungeons, considering he had frequented the place during the later stages of Greater Beyond's first version.
'Yet why is there only an outpost here?' Keeping this question to himself, Valyr thanked the woman before leaving the guild, deciding to take a look at the outpost as he continued to ponder over the question.
Surprisingly, even though the outpost was not that large, only being around half the size of Astarto Village the first time he got there, most, if not all of the important buildings one would find at a city could be found within the outpost. Of course, the Blacksmith Guild's building was the greatest example of this.
Aside from that, even though the roads weren't paved whatsoever, plus the fact that there were not a lot of lights illuminating the dirt streets, a number of people than what should normally be found in an outpost roamed the streets at this moment, even as the sun was in the midst of setting. Naturally, Valyr attributed it to the dungeons that dropped Skill Keys being the reason why there were this many people.
eαglesnel After all, what's the point of an outpost if not to protect something precious?
'I guess I have an idea as to why there's only an outpost here.' Heading to the only inn within the outpost, Valyr came to a conclusion with his speculation, feeling like it was the most plausible explanation for the lapse in circumstances using the information he had readily available. 'The war with the orcs must've triggered it.'
In his mind, he imagined that the reason why the dungeons were connected to a city back when he was a player was due to the fact that the orcs had become successful in their outbreak, expanding their offensive even further during the beta version. With that, the Meltierre Empire spared no effort into speeding up the strengthening process of the combat force, which prompted them to build a city near the dungeons in order to accommodate more people grinding the Skill Keys.
'Then again, I could be wrong.' As it was just speculation, Valyr did not have much hope that it was indeed the case, shifting his thoughts to getting a room in the inn before eating early dinner. After that, he headed into the room he had gotten to get an early rest, thinking to himself that he would have a long day ahead of him tomorrow.
'Hopefully it doesn't take too long for me to grind the keys I need.'
Chapter 380: The Three Entrances

As the rays of the sun pierced through the window to Valyr's room, bringing light to it, the young man had a slight frown on his face while he was sleeping, prompting one to wonder what was going on within his mind to warrant such a frown. Fortunately, that frown disappeared once the rays made contact with Valyr's skin, jolting him awake as he felt the heat of the sun on his skin.
Letting out a light hiss at how scorchingly hot the sun was at the outpost, Valyr moved to the side of the bed where less sunlight was making contact before staring into nothingness to give his consciousness time to become fully alert. Once done, he went through his usual routine, wearing the Nascent Wyvern Armor over his usual set of clothes before heading to the inn's dining area to get some breakfast.
'There's a lot of people here.' Surprisingly, unlike the previous inns he had been to, the number of people that were in the dining area at the moment seemed more like the number of people he would meet on a day-to-day basis back in the cafeteria at the Astarto Village barracks. With that, he swiftly found a vacant chair to sit on before proceeding to engorge himself in the food he got.
'Pretty sure all of them are here for the dungeons, just like me.' While munching down on his food, Valyr looked at the other people in the dining area, noticing that the weakest person among them had a level of strength that was not lower than the peak of Rank 1.
As for the strongest person within the dining area, that title went to a woman that looked to be in her late twenties, her hair a dark shade of burgundy, which formed a contrast to her light blue irises as the aura emanating out of her made even Valyr feel a slight chill.
'Probably Rank 3.' Deciding to mind his own business from that point onward, Valyr swiftly finished the breakfast he had ordered before putting on his helm, leaving the inn not long after while the others who were still eating their food briefly stared at him.
While walking through the dirt streets of the outpost that led to the dungeons, Valyr watched as a couple of people set up stalls for the wares that they were going to sell beside the prominent buildings, prompting him to think that they had placed them there in order to shelter their stalls from the elements. Aside from that, he thought that they had set up stalls in those areas since the buildings beside them were hotspots for human activity.
Continuing to admire the unique charm the outpost had to offer as he continued to make his way towards the dungeons, a thought popped up in his mind, causing him to think about how many Skill Keys he would need to either upgrade his skills to the next grade or unlock the bottleneck on their levels.
eαglesnovel`c,om 'Hmm…' With the thought now lingering in his mind, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system in his mind to bring up his current skill list, to which the system quickly complied as a screen containing all of his skills appeared in front of him. Counting the number of Common and Uncommon grade skills he had on his list, he eventually got the figure he needed. 'So, I would need a total of 34 Common grade Skill Keys and 6 Uncommon grade Skill Keys.'
'Well, if I think about it, it would have been 7 if not for Julian giving me a key for [Enhanced Polymorph],' thought Valyr to himself, only to realize that he would need the same amount of Uncommon grade Skill Keys once he had used up all of the Common grade Skill Keys to evolve the Common grade skills.
'In short, I actually need 34 Common grade Skill Keys and 40 Uncommon grade Skill Keys.' Feeling a slight headache at the thought of having to grind in the dungeons for Skill Keys for a long time, Valyr took a few deep breaths to compose himself before heading to the dungeons at a slightly faster pace than earlier, arriving around 20 minutes later.
…
"Before I begin my explanation, welcome to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains." By the time Valyr had arrived at the entrance to the dungeons, a group of people had already been waiting to enter, only being barred by a single person that had a level of strength far greater than what Valyr or the others could hope to unleash. Fortunately, with Valyr's arrival, the person moved to the side as he welcomed everyone to the dungeons.
"I'm sure all of you have come from various places in the continent, all for the sake of obtaining a lot of Skill Keys from the dungeons," said the man as the others could only nod in approval. "With that, let me tell everyone that you're only considered to be 'safe' in the dungeons if you have a level of strength greater than the peak of Rank 1 at the very least."
At those words, the few people who were at the peak of Rank 1 slightly frowned, causing them to wonder whether it was worth heading to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains in the first place. Nevertheless, as they had already gotten this far, they decided to continue listening, even if it meant they were risking their lives doing so.
"Of course, whether or not you choose to heed my words is not my problem." The man shrugged his shoulders before continuing. "Anyways, there are three entrances available that would lead you to specific dungeons found in these mountains."
"To your left is the entrance to the Common Caves, which generally has a high chance of dropping Common grade Skill Keys, though there's also a small chance to obtain Uncommon grade Skill Keys from this place a well."
"To the right of that is the entrance to the Uncommon Depths, where the Uncommon grade Skill Keys have a higher chance of dropping, while the chances of Common grade Skill Keys dropping are lower."
"And lastly, to your very right is the entrance to the Rare Abyss, the only dungeon that drops Rare grade Skill Keys in this place. However, do be warned that you might spend a lot of time in this place due to its low drop rate."
"I don't really have to explain anything else to you guys aside from the fact that you should make sure that you stay vigilant at all times," said the man to Valyr and the others. "Also, keep in mind that the monsters are considerably stronger than the ones you find in the wild, so don't get overconfident."
"And with that, you're now free to go ahead and enter any dungeon of your choosing."
Chapter 381: The Common Caves

At the very moment the man that barred them from heading into the dungeons in the first place finally gave them the green light to move forward, a few of the people in the group made a mad dash towards the dungeons they've chosen, their bodies disappearing before they could make contact with the respective entrances.
As for Valyr and the others, they took a more relaxed approach to getting to the entrances, considering that each and every of them would separate after they entered their dungeons. To those that only had the strength at the peak of Rank 1, they surprisingly heeded the words of the man from earlier and decided to not take too much of a risk, entering the Common Caves to the very left.
For those that had strength surpassing the peak of Rank 1, the choices they made differed, with some choosing to head to the Common Caves, while others chose to head to the Uncommon Depths. Unexpectedly, a couple of people who had a level of strength lower than Valyr decided to enter the Rare Abyss, which elicited the man who had informed them of the dungeon earlier to let out a low sigh as he shook his head.
Watching other people go through the entrances one by one, Valyr eventually made his move, heading in the direction of the leftmost entrance as he thought about how he'd probably end up spending more time in the Uncommon Depths. By the time he had arrived at the entrance to the Common Caves, a notification sound resounded in his mind as a couple of prompts appeared in front of his field of vision.
Ding!
[Would you like to enter the dungeon 'The Common Caves'?]
[Note: This dungeon is only accessible to those at Level 25 or higher. Any being lower than Level 25 is barred from entering this dungeon.]
Accepting the prompt that had appeared in front of him, Valyr's body swiftly disappeared from where he stood, only for it to appear in a dim place not long after.
Whoosh!
'I guess I'm finally in the dungeon.' Feeling a hint of nausea from the teleport, Valyr allowed the dizziness to subside first before taking a look at his surroundings, which caused multiple memories of the dungeon he was currently in from the past to surface in his mind.
From the name of the dungeon itself, the walls, ceiling, and floor of the dungeon looked more or less like what one would find if one were to explore a natural cave. However, unlike a natural cave, the shape of corridor before him was rectangular, with a few torches that gave off a weak light being sparsely placed on the walls.
'Well, let's start.' Knowing that he was in a room that allowed him to rest, Valyr did a few basic movements with body, some with the purpose of stretching his ligaments, while some were done with the purpose of having his body get used to sudden movements. After all, it had only been an hour or so since he woke up.
Then, after he was done doing his stretches, he grabbed the spear affixed to his back and tightly gripped it with both hands, double checking if he was truly ready to fight. Of course, it was only at that moment did he think about how he had not prepared either health potions or mana potions for the dungeon he was about to delve into, even though his spatial bracelet had more than enough space to carry a few of them.
However, after recalling the amount of damage he was able to deal through his normal attacks and his skills, he thought to himself that he would be fine if he were to only rely on passive regeneration for the meantime. If anything, he only had to make sure that he would have the dungeon monsters attack him instead of the other way around.
With that, he made his way to the entrance that led to the next room, being a door-shaped hole that had a dark gray layer of energy acting as its door. Looking at it for a bit, Valyr pushed his hand through the door-shaped barrier of energy, only to find out that it was allowing him to pass through.
Seeing as there wasn't really anything else he could do other than to pass through the barrier, the young man let out a faint sigh before proceeding to walk through the barrier of energy as if it wasn't there in the first place. By the time he had gotten through, the barrier of energy changed color, taking on a pitch black color as Valyr now felt a sense of resistance from the barrier.
"There's no problem getting in, but you can never get out. Not surprised." Pushing a bit on the barrier after he had gotten through, it was only then did he feel the barrier push back on his extended hand. Seeing as the dungeon had now removed the option for him to return to the first room, Valyr turned around and proceeded through the corridor he had found himself in, walking at a leisurely pace as he remained vigilant.
Rattle…
After walking through the surprisingly long corridor for a couple of minutes, Valyr eventually felt a nefarious presence enter his senses, slightly hastening his pace for a bit to get a better look at who or what was causing the nefarious energy. Fortunately, it did not take long for him to see the origin of the energy, looking at what was undoubtedly a human skeleton.
Hearing its bones rattle as it gradually turned around, as if surveying its surroundings, Valyr activated [Analysis] to get an idea of how strong it was. While doing so, he examined its appearance, taking note of the fact that its bones were pitch black in color, while a faint light flickered behind the sockets where the eyes would normally be.
Ding!
[Skeleton (Elite)] (Level 25)
HP: 732/732
MP: 372/372
Stats: 61 VIT, 64 STR, 64 AGI, 64 DEX, 31 INT, 31 WIS, 31 PER, 31 LUK
Remarks: Surprisingly high physical stats for what is essentially a bag of bones.
'No need to use a skill, then.' Closing up the screen before him, Valyr went ahead and made his presence known to the skeleton, causing its bones to rattle more as it madly dashed to where he was. However, before the skeleton could even land a single hit…
Whoosh!
Ding!
[You have slain a Level 25 Skeleton (Elite). You have gained 1 XP.]
Chapter 382: Grinding For Skill Keys

Swinging his spear upward with great force, Valyr was able to bisect the skeleton into two, causing the faint light sparking beneath its eye sockets to dissipate within an instant. Not long after, the charred skeleton fell to the ground into a pile of bones, only for a notification sound to resound in Valyr's mind not long after.
'No Skill Key drop,' thought Valyr to himself before gazing at the path before him. With the help of decently high perception alongside the hyperfocus ability given to him by [Gambler's Discerning Eyes], he was able to notice quite a few skeletons roaming about along the path, most of which he could kill along the way.
In fact, with how the path was mostly straight, he found out that the end of the path led to a large space, which contained skeletons that number into the dozens at the very least.
With that in mind, he bent his knees, allowing them to accumulate strength before bursting forth with his high agility propelling him forward.
Whoosh!
With how drastic the change in Valyr's speed was, a gale would form wherever he moved, causing the skeletons he passed by along the way to take notice of his presence and try to land an attack as he moved past them. However, with the large disparity between his stats and theirs, what instead ended up happening was their death under Valyr's attacks, with the latter only needing to do a simple strike to end their lives.
'I think I can finally feel the effects of the innate skill…' Though Valyr continued to move at high speeds through the surprisingly long corridor, killing the skeletons he came across with one hit, the young man seemed to notice that his spear was gradually absorbing energy from his body, causing his speed to gradually become slower with the passage of time. In fact, this effect did not only extend to his speed as he felt that the strength behind his attacks was gradually getting weaker as well.
'You're not intentionally doing this, right?' Wondering if it had something to do with the soul awakened inside his spear, Valyr went ahead and sent a message to Sana, who unsurprisingly replied at the very instant it was allowed to.
'I'm not, Master.' Listening to his spear's words, Valyr could feel a sense of guilt hidden beneath the statement. 'After all, why would I hurt the one who had allowed me to become sentient in the first place? I would become ungrateful to you, Master, if I did.'
'Though, with how I've gained the power to harm you due to the curse, I am not entirely sure.' At these words, Sana fell silent, giving Valyr the feeling of immense guilt the more time passed, as if his spear was telling him that it was incredibly sorry through its feelings. Eventually, a sigh echoed within Valyr's mind as Sana's voice resounded once again.
'I'll try to figure out the root cause of your weakening, Master,' said Sana to him. 'You don't have to do anything different. Just continue what you're doing, and I'll take care of it.'
'I'll leave it up to you, then.' Ending their conversation there, Valyr went ahead and increased the force behind his every step, wanting to make the most of every bit of strength he had before it dropped to its lowest point. Because of it, he took a lazier approach in killing the skeletons he came across, extending out his spear towards the skeletons as he allowed the momentum to do all of the heavy lifting for him.
Ding!
[You have slain a Level 25 Skeleton (Elite). You have gained 1 XP.]
Fortunately, the system considered it as a valid attack.
…
Around 20 minutes had passed since Valyr entered the Common Caves, his current location being the latter end of the long corridor. Just like before, his spear remained extended towards the skeletons, allowing the momentum he built up through his running to do all of the heavy lifting as he was still able to kill all of them in one blow.
In fact, he had already collected 4 Common grade Skill Keys because of this.
However, when compared to earlier, his overall combat strength was now considerably worse, with his stats already down by 24% because of the innate skill his spear had. Of course, it was still more than enough strength for him to overwhelm the skeletons in one hit. Nevertheless, he inwardly let out a long sigh, thinking that he would have reached the large space by now if it wasn't for the innate skill.
'In any case, I only need to run for a couple more minutes and I'll be at the entrance to the space.' Psyching himself up for what was basically a windfall of Skill Keys, Valyr took in a deep breath before doubling down on the force he put into his legs, causing him to temporarily speed up as he continued to traverse the absurdly long corridor of the Common Caves.
'I figured it out, Master!' Coincidentally, just as he had begun to put in more effort into his running, Sana's voice resounded throughout his mind, causing him to focus a bit of his attention to its voice while his body continued to slay all of the skeletons it came across.
'So, what's causing the decrease in my stats?'
'Well, the good part is that I'm not the one causing it, even subconsciously,' replied Sana, prompting Valyr to nod in understanding.
'And the bad part?'
'It's my body that's causing it.'
Hearing these words come from Sana, a bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face, while Sana gave off an immense feeling of guilt once more, allowing the former to feel how sorry the latter was at what it was doing, even if it had no control over the matter.
'To further clarify, while you're holding me during combat, the body that contains my soul is passively siphoning energy from you every time a certain amount of time passes, causing you to grow weaker until the body reaches a limit on how much energy it could siphon.'
'Is there a way to make its effects weaker?' asked Valyr, still keeping an eye on the path ahead of him. 'Or perhaps a way to negate it?'
'Unfortunately, there is none, Master.' At these words, Valyr let out a slightly exasperated sigh as he returned his focus to what was ahead of him, channeling the slight rage and indignance he felt over the matter towards his attacks at the skeletons, which surprisingly gave him two more Common grade Skill Keys.
Nevertheless, this rage and indignance swiftly disappeared as a thought surfaced in his mind.
'Well, it could be worse.'
Though, not long after, a bitter smile adorned his face as he continued the train of thought. 'More like, it would become worse.'
Thud.
"Finally reached the end of the corridor." Reducing his momentum to a halt, Valyr now stood at the entrance of the large space he had seen earlier. However, unlike before, where he only saw skeletons that numbered up to dozens at most, he instead saw skeletons that numbered in the hundreds.
With his mouth slightly agape in surprise, he took a look at the large space in detail, taking note of the fact that the space spanned over a few thousand square meters in area, though Valyr felt that it was bigger due to its slightly uneven interior. After looking at it for a bit more, he took note that there were five doors scattered throughout the walls of the large space, prompting him to recall where the five doors would lead him to.
'If I remember correctly, these dungeons seem procedurally generated, having different rooms to traverse every time you enter the dungeon.' Fortunately, it did not take long for him to remember his delves in the Common Caves back when he was a player, only taking a few seconds to do so. 'With that, I think I need to go through 10 rooms before I can leave the dungeon? I'm not too sure.'
'In any case, the more rooms I go through, the more Skill Keys I am bound to get.' Psyching himself up once more, Valyr ignored the fact that his stats were significantly lowered as he took in a deep breath before assessing the situation in front of him. Once he was certain of his game plan, he then dashed forward, allowing the skeletons closest to him to take notice of his presence before proceeding to start their offensive.
"[Offense Aura]."
Whoosh!
As Valyr was making his way to where the skeletons were, with the latter group doing the same thing, a faint red haze gradually covered his body from head to toe, causing him to feel that his might had returned to what it was from before he entered the dungeon.
Then, seeing as the skeletons were only a couple tens of meters away from him, a grin appeared on his face as he stopped in his tracks, forming a connection with Shadow Energy as he unleashed the skill he knew best that would wipe out the skeletons in one go.
"[Shadow Serpent Style]."
"[Tide of the Dark Night]."
Chapter 383: A Bit Of Experimentation

Whoosh!
Though his stats had undergone a significant decrease due to the innate skill his spear had, the wave of dark energy that formed from the activation of the skill was still large enough to cause a feeling of fear to well up within the skeletons that were in its vicinity.
Or at least, that's what Valyr felt while looking at the skeletons.
Unsurprisingly, just like how it had decimated the first and third wave of monsters back when he helped out in the second monster tide, the dark tide posed no problem in rendering all of the skeletons it passed through more dead than they previously were as its scope gradually expanded to cover the entire space.
Simultaneously, multiple notifications resounded within Valyr's mind, notifying him of the effectiveness of the skill once more, which caused a faint grin to appear on his face. 'It would've been better if I didn't only gain a single point of XP from each kill, but then again, that's how the system is.'
Watching the wave of dark energy wreak havoc throughout the large space before him, the young man commanded the system to bring up a notification screen, focusing his attention on it from time to time as he began to tally the number of Skill Keys he would gain from the effortless ordeal.
By the time the wave of dark energy had dissipated, leaving nothing in the space other than the floor being a charred mess, Valyr had counted that he had gained nine Common grade Skill Keys from the sweep, as well as two Uncommon grade Skill Keys, the latter of which caused the grin on his face to become wider than it previously was as he let out a loud cackle.
'Urk.'
Though, as if the heavens wanted him to recall the situation he was currently in, a sinking feeling washed over Valyr's body, reminding him that his combat strength was still in the process of declining by the second. Letting out a low sigh as a bitter smile replaced his earlier grin, the young man then made his way to the center of the large space, coming face to face with the five doors that would lead him to the other rooms.
'So far, I've obtained 15 Common grade Skill Keys and 2 Uncommon grade Skill Keys,' thought Valyr to himself as he calculated how much Skill Keys he would have by the time he finished the dungeon. 'If luck is on my side, I would be able to obtain all of the keys I need just from this one run alone.'
'If not, then whatever. It's not like I expected to get all of the keys in one run.'
'In any case, which door should I choose…' Rubbing his chin with his forefinger and thumb whilst he pondered, Valyr looked at the five doors once more, their positions on the walls of the large space being asymmetrical. In contrast, their design was more or less the same, being a dark gray barrier of energy that was in the shape of a door.
Closing his eyes for a bit, Valyr tried to check and see if he could feel the amount of energy that was radiating from the other side of the door, only to find out that the dark gray barriers were preventing him from doing so. At this realization, a wry smile appeared on his face. 'Thought something would change since it's still before the first version. Turns out that still doesn't work, even though I could do it in other dungeons.'
'Anyways, since that doesn't work…'
"Eenie meenie miney…"
"Mo." Pointing his finger at the five entrances in random order, Valyr's finger eventually stopped at the door that was left to the rightmost door. With how the dungeon was procedurally generated and how he knew nothing about what was on the other side, the young man did not know too deeply about the choice, shrugging his shoulders as he soon passed through the dark gray barrier that he chose. eenel coｍ
"Huh. Would you look at that. Another corridor." Unexpectedly, just as the barrier he passed through had turned pitch black, Valyr was greeted once more by what seemed to be another absurdly long corridor, prompting a bitter smile to appear on his face as he went ahead and did the same thing he had done during the previous corridor.
Whoosh!
With the amount of time he had been in the dungeon now more than half an hour, the innate skill his spear had was now at its maximum potency, reducing all of Valyr's stats by 30%.
Or at least, that's what he thought would happen.
'To be honest, I thought it would carry over. After all, it's connected to the Mark of the Alltide.' Pondering over the specifics of the innate skill his spear had, it was only now did Valyr finally understand how the skill worked. Though he knew that his stats would decrease while he was in combat, he did not know what would happen once he was out of combat.
Would the decrease in stats start over from the beginning once he began to fight again, or would it continue where he left off, becoming a perpetual 30% decrease in stats as long as he was fighting?
Fortunately, it was the former, which he had just found out while he was exploring the new corridor he was in. Then again, he had thought of the former being the case for the skill, but he decided to think about the worst-case scenario, lest he were to be disappointed by his expectations.
"Now that I think about it, there are still a ton of vague areas regarding the limits of this thing," muttered Valyr to himself, his spear extended as far as it could go as he zoomed through the corridor at breakneck speeds. "Also, I just realized I could still fight at full power without having my stats gradually decrease over time."
"Hmm…" Deciding to test the idea that had surfaced in his mind, Valyr retracted the spear he was holding before affixing it to his back, feeling the slight weakness that got worse while killing the skeletons instantly disappear once he had done so. Taking note of the discovery to mind as a faint smile adorned his face, he then extended both arms out, only for blades made out of crimson flame to manifest around them soon after.
"[Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation]."
"[Crimson Dual Blades]."
Whoosh!
"Well, I guess I'll be using these things for the meantime." Taking a deep breath as he slowly got used to the blades of crimson flame he was holding, Valyr burst forth with great speed once more, allowing the crimson flames to do its thing as it rendered the skeletons along his path into a pile of ashes.
"Hahaha! It's like nothing even changed at all."
"Now… I wonder what would happen if I were evolve the skill to Uncommon grade?"
Chapter 384: Limits Of One’s Vengeance

A considerable amount of time had passed since Valyr entered the Common Caves to grind for Skill Keys. With his small bout of experimentation during the second room allowing him to figure out how he could tap into his entire combat strength at all times, the young man was able to speed through the succeeding rooms of the dungeon without much problem, reaching the eighth room within two hours of his entry.
Of course, the experimentation he had done at the beginning of the second room did not end there, instead continuing it as he passed through the next few rooms he entered, wanting to know more and more about the limits of the innate skill his spear had.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Zooming through yet another absurdly long corridor, Valyr moved at insanely high speeds thanks to the help of Wind-attribute magic. Aside from that, both of his arms, which were extended during the beginning of the second room, were not extended anymore, instead allowing multiple blades of crimson flames to circle around his body as it rendered every skeleton the blades made contact with into a pile of ashes.
At this point, if one were to look at Valyr, one wouldn't even think of him as a spearman at all.
'I look more like a mage than a spearman right now.' Naturally, even Valyr had similar thoughts as he looked at his current self. Though, with how fast he was proceeding through the rooms of the Common Caves, a grin slowly crept up on his lips, only for him to let out a bit of laughter soon after.
While he was figuring out how far the effects of [Tidemother's Vengeance] extended in detrimentally affecting his stats, it was only then did Valyr realize that his current fighting style more or less revolved around his trusty spear. Of course, one would not be able to fault him, considering that it was the weapon he had the most experience with, as well as the weapon he was confident in being able to dish out the damage.
However, that was only when [Tidemother's Vengeance] wasn't taken into consideration.
Because of [Tidemother's Vengeance], the detrimental innate skill his spear had, Valyr was made privy to the fact that his bouts where he would mainly use the spear would now be short-lived. Though, after finding out more and more about it thanks to his experimentation in the Common Caves, he now found it more accurate to say that his attacks with the spear, as well as the skills he had that complemented the spear, were now considered his ultimate moves.
After all, his Attack stat now scaled off of DEX rather than STR due to his subclass.
And his DEX stat was currently his highest stat.
With that, he wondered for a bit as what would take his spear's place as his main fighting style. Then again, with how his stats were distributed, as well as his current circumstances in play, the answer to that question did not take too long to appear.
Magic and summoning.
"If not for that innate skill, I would've probably continued using the spear as my main method of combat," said Valyr to himself as he noticed that he was getting near the large area of the eighth room. "Of course, there's nothing really wrong with that."
"But because of the innate skill, I am left with no choice but to spread out and use other methods of combat, utilizing magic and summoning to fight, both of which I don't have a lot of experience in."
"Then again, that's only when I compare it to how much time I spent with the spear." Chuckling at the thought, Valyr reminded himself to get a few rudimentary summoning skills once he returned to Algerie City, thinking that it would serve as a nice complement to his magic.
"Huh. Now that I think about it, the three complement each other. The spear is my arsenal of ultimate moves, the magic is my main line of offense and support, while summoning is my main line of defense." Finding the thought interesting, the young man went ahead and swiftly cleared the large space before him, manifesting Fire-attribute and Wind-attribute magic together to form a massive fire tornado that wiped out all of the skeletons within the space.
'It still doesn't compare to [Tide of the Dark Night] on how terrifying it is, though.' Commanding the system to bring up a notification screen to see how many Skill Keys had dropped, Valyr let out a soft chuckle at the thought. 'Or maybe that's just me.'
'Three Common grade Skill Keys.' While looking at the notification screen he had brought up, Valyr made his way to the center of the room before choosing a door by random, inwardly nodding in satisfaction as he headed through the door at the very center. 'With this, I now have more than enough Skill Keys to evolve all of my Common grade skills to Uncommon grade.'
'On the other hand, the Uncommon grade Skill Keys…' Allowing the barrier of energy behind him to turn pitch black after passing through it, Valyr briefly spared a glance at what was ahead of him, noticing that the path before him seemed to lead to a labyrinth of sorts.
Briefly shrugging his shoulders after having gone through the ordeal twice in the past eight rooms, Valyr cast Wind-attribute magic on himself to increase his movement speed before extending his hand to the right side of the wall, making sure to not let go as he began to traverse the labyrinth.
'Seven Uncommon grade Skill Keys so far…' Closing up the notification screen he had brought up once he was done counting the number of Uncommon grade Skill Keys he had amassed, Valyr focused his attention on the labyrinth he was traversing, only for his mind to wander not long after as he thought about other things he had to do once he was done evolving his skills.
"Hmm… Once I get back to Algerie City, I should allocate all of my Technology Points as soon as possible. I think it would be more than enough to unlock that advancement?" Muttering these words to himself, a hint of excitement welled up within Valyr's body as he thought about it.
Though the advancement did not seem like much in the grand scheme of things, only being an advancement in the Technology Tree's Innovation branch that could only be found in the latter portion of advancements corresponding to the Medieval Ages, to Valyr, it was his gateway to the second type of weapon he had come to know and love during his time in Greater Beyond as a player.
In fact, he felt like everything he had done so far was to unlock this specific advancement, an advancement that he felt would allow his progress to become faster than it already was.
As to what this specific advancement was, it was something that could be summed up in one word.
Guns.
Chapter 385: The Runic Parchments

Standing near the entrance of the final room as he watched a maelstrom of wind and water tear the great number of skeletons apart within the large space before him, a faint smile gradually crept up onto Valyr's lips as he opened up his notification screen, making a final tally of the number of Skill Keys he had obtained.
'In total, I've gained 44 Common grade Skill Keys and 9 Uncommon grade Skill Keys from this run,' thought Valyr to himself as he made his way to the only door that could be found on the walls of the final room. 'Compared to the results I've gotten grinding the Common Caves in the past, this run is surprisingly one of the luckier ones.'
"In any case, time to head to the Uncommon Depths." With the thought lingering in his mind, Valyr stood in front of the door that would lead him out of the dungeon. Compared to the other doors he had gone through, which were just dark gray barriers in the shape of a door, the door before him looked just like any other door he had passed through, though it bore the greatest resemblance with the doors he had opened during his time at the Astarto Goblin Den.
With that, he gripped the handle of the door and twisted it, only to stop all of a sudden once he felt something beckoning for his attention. Turning his head to look at the now empty final room, Valyr pushed his senses to their utmost limits to find out where the feeling was coming from, wondering whether what he had sensed was real or not.
Unexpectedly, after a minute of looking around, Valyr eventually found the thing that was beckoning for his attention, staring at what seemed to be a slightly tattered piece of parchment on the floor. At first, Valyr pondered to himself as to what was so special about the parchment for it to catch his attention, picking it up to get a closer look at it.
Of course, the answer to his question was swiftly obtained once he took a look at the other side.
Bang!
At the very moment he had gotten a glance of what was on the other side, a strong wave of pain assaulted his mind, causing him to tumble a couple of steps back as he tried to stabilize himself, confused as to what was going on. Clutching his head as he felt that the thing he had seen on the parchment was the root cause of this pain, Valyr tried to gaze it once more, only for another wave of pain to assault his mind.
"Nngh!" As the first wave of pain had not fully subsided yet, the young man was forced to grit his teeth, allowing him to ignore the mental anguish he felt as he focused on the pain he felt from tight gritting. After that, he allowed the mental pain he felt to subside, taking in a few deep breaths as he pondered over the current situation.
'So, I've gotten my hands on a piece of parchment that inflicts great mental pain whenever I look at the side that has something on it,' muttered Valyr inwardly. 'Should I just leave the parchment here and continue with what I should be doing… or should I try and figure out what's on the parchment?'
Allowing these questions to linger in his mind for a bit as he weighed the pros and cons of each decision, Valyr eventually came to the conclusion that he was going to do the latter, looking at the parchment with something on it once more without hesitation.
Bang!
"With high risk comes high reward." Feeling the wave of pain from looking at the parchment wash over his mind once more, Valyr gritted his teeth in preparation for the same level of pain he had felt from the two waves earlier, only to find out that the pain he felt this time around was considerably less than what it was before. e. c
Realizing this, Valyr sucked in a breath of cold air as a thought quickly surfaced in his mind, a thought that he instantly deemed incredibly idiotic. 'This is going to  hurt for sure.'
"Aaaaaggghhhh!!!" Steeling his mind in preparation for what he was going to experience, Valyr directly stared at the side of the parchment with something on it, allowing his mind to be constantly bombarded by the waves of pain he had gone through earlier.
At first, he felt that the pain he experienced from constantly looking at the parchment was in no way worse than the pain he had gone through while he was learning the skill books he had bought en masse, only for him to fuse a great portion of those skill books en masse as well.
Fortunately, after a minute or so, this pain started to gradually died down, giving Valyr more and more breathing room the more time passed. Eventually, by the time he had endured thirty minutes of constant mental anguish, the pain he felt from looking at the parchment now seemed to be a thing of the past, with Valyr finally becoming able to look at the parchment directly.
"Runes?" Once Valyr was finally able to look at the occupied side of the parchment in its entirety, the first thing the young man noticed was the great number of runes etched on it, all of which were at a size that only seemed possible for a Rank 4 mage to etch at the very least.
Though, with the energy he could sense from the runes, all of them containing a faint hint of terrifying intent to it, he was somewhat certain that the being who had etched these runes was possibly a Legend, perhaps even a Myth.
'Is this forming a magic circle of sorts?' Looking at the placement of the runes for a bit longer, Valyr noticed that the runes were arranged in a way where they seemed to make up a part of a larger magic circle, prompting him to think that the parchment seemed to have a part of an incredibly strong magic spell. However, just as he was about to rummage through his memories to see what kind of spell it might be…
Ding!
[You have received a new quest: The Runic Parchments.]
Chapter 386: Entering The Uncommon Depths

Ding!
[The Runic Parchments] (Quest)
Difficulty: C
Stumbling across a random parchment at the end of the Common Caves, you decided to take a look at what it contains, only to be forced back by a wave of mental anguish. However, with your incredible tenacity and determination, you eventually found out that the parchment contains a set of runes, runes whose size was incomprehensible for someone of your rank.
Looking at it for a bit more, you noticed that the runes were arranged in a manner that would make a greater part of a whole, a part of a magic circle, to be more exact. With that, you've decided to find the other parts making up the magic circle, wondering what kind of secrets the parchments truly hold.
Fortunately, all of them could be found within the dungeons you're currently traversing.
Quest Objectives:
> Find the 1st Runic Parchment within the Common Caves (1/1)
> Find the 2nd Runic Parchment within the Uncommon Depths (0/1)
> Find the 3rd Runic Parchment within the Rare Abyss (0/1)
Quest Rewards:
> ???
Quest Penalty: en. c
> ???
"Question marks for the rewards and the penalty…" Rubbing his chin as he finished reading the description of the quest he had just received, Valyr eventually scratched the back of his head as he closed the screen before him, letting out a faint sigh as he decided to place the parchment he had picked up in his spatial bracelet for the meantime.
"Well, if it's any consolation prize, I don't need to deviate from my original objective in this place," said Valyr to himself as he finally passed through the final door, appearing back at the entrance of the Common Caves not long after.
Turning to look at the sky to see how much time was left before sunset, Valyr looked at the two other entrances to his left before deciding to head back to the outpost for now, seeing that it was already a bit past afternoon.
With that, he swiftly headed into the only eatery within the outpost and got his order taken by one of the waiters, giving him time to think about the quest he received at the end of his first dungeon run while he waited for his order to arrive.
'The runic parchments… I definitely haven't come across any of this back when I was a player…' Rummaging through his treasure trove of memories from back when he was still a player, Valyr eventually found no mention of the parchments in his memories at all, prompting him to think that the parchments weren't a thing during the public release of Greater Beyond.
'Well, there is also the possibility that a player might have come across the parchments while they were grinding in the dungeons of Lesser Meltierre Mountains and kept the quest all to themselves.' At this thought, Valyr faintly shrugged his shoulders, letting out a faint sigh. 'In any case, it doesn't change the fact that I'm going at this blind.'
'Then again, I could say the same thing for almost all of the quests I've accepted so far.' Valyr let out a soft chuckle, only for the plate of food he had ordered to arrive a few seconds later. 'After all, none of these quests I've had experience completing back when I was still a player.'
'Moving all of that aside, what are the runic parchments for?' Beginning to munch on his food, Valyr recalled the arrangement of the runes he had seen on the parchment he had picked up, getting to the conclusion that the runes formed part of a large magic circle.
After that, he rummaged through his memories to see if there were any magic spells or the like that involved the usage of multiple runic parchments, only to come up empty-handed. Reminded of how he knew nothing about the runic parchments and what their purpose was, a slight frown appeared on Valyr's face as he continued to eat his food.
Fortunately, by the time he was finished eating, this frown was nowhere to be found, instead being replaced with a look of determination as he promised himself that he was going to find out what the runic parchments' purpose was, swiftly making his way back to the entrances of the three dungeons within minutes.
…
While making his way to the entrance that led to the Uncommon Depths, Valyr noticed the man that stopped from heading straight to the entrances earlier, only allowing them to do so once the man was finished reminding them of the dangers of the dungeons.
Seeing as the man had stopped another group of people from entering the dungeons, he briefly nodded at the man before focusing his attention on heading to the Uncommon Depths once more.
Whoosh!
Appearing within the beginning room of the dungeon, Valyr took a look at his surroundings, taking note of the fact that there was not much difference between the appearance of the Uncommon Depths and the Common Caves he had delved earlier.
'Then again, that's also the case back when I was a player. Same could be said about the Rare Abyss, actually.'
Taking in a deep breath to prepare himself for the spike in difficulty that came alongside the change in name, Valyr went ahead and passed through the dark gray barrier that would lead him to the first area. Though, rather than be greeted by an absurdly long corridor, just like back in the Common Caves, what greeted the young man instead was a large circular hall, with a sparse number of dark skeletons roaming about.
However, when compared to the skeletons from the Common Caves, the color of the bones of the skeletons in the Uncommon Depths seemed more gray rather than black, with the light behind their eye sockets now flickering at greater intensity.
Aside from that, some of the skeleton parts were covered with dirty and tattered cloth, with all of them wielding a long staff that had a stone affixed to one of its ends.
"[Analysis]."
Ding!
[Skeleton Acolyte (Uncommon Elite)] (Level 33)
HP: 1,515/1,515
MP: 1,785/1,785
Stats: 101 VIT, 119 STR, 101 AGI, 50 DEX, 119 INT, 65 WIS, 65 PER, 50 LUK
Remarks: Though they may have sacrificed some of their physical stats for magic, they remain a force to be reckoned with… even if they may still basically be a pile of bones.
"If I remember correctly, I'll be facing against Skeleton Acolytes in this dungeon, while I'll be up against Skeleton Mages in the Rare Abyss," muttered Valyr to himself, deciding to brush up on his knowledge regarding the three dungeons. However, after pondering over it for a bit, he noticed a peculiar pattern.
"Wait a second… now that I think about it, the three dungeons are arranged in a way that each dungeon exhibits greater usage of magic than the last."
"I mean… I've also noticed that back then when I was a player, but I didn't think too much about it. At most, I just found it a cool coincidence." At those words, Valyr looked at the runic parchment that was currently in his spatial bracelet. "What if these runic parchments I'm collecting…"
"…would lead me to the true reason behind the creation of these three dungeons?"
"…"
"…"
"…"
"Well, there's only one way to find out."
Chapter 387: The Second Parchment

Whoosh! fenl.
Similar to what he had done in the Common Caves, Valyr relied on the magic skills he had picked up to deal all of the damage towards the Skeleton Acolytes he came across, utilizing the four basic elements to their entirety, as well as one of the basic elements' destructive variants.
'Pretty sure this dungeon used to feel harder back then.' At the moment, Valyr zoomed through a considerably long corridor filled with twists and turns, relying on Wind-attribute magic to make sure that the momentum lost with every turn he made would instead be conserved. Simultaneously, multiple blades of crimson flames circled around the young man's body, making sure that none of the Skeleton Acolytes would be able to come near him.
'Then again, I only had my trusty spear to rely on back then, plus the class and subclass I had wasn't as good as what I have right now.'
"[Crimson Blaze]." Noticing that one of the skeletons in his vicinity was preparing to throw a magic spell towards him, Valyr extended his palm outward in the skeleton's direction before sending a scorching ball of crimson flames, which swiftly grew to double its size at the very last moment.
Bang!
'-1,642'
Seeing the four digit number above its head gradually disappear as the skeleton transformed into a pile of ash, Valyr looked at the notification screen he had brought up to his side, a faint smile adorning his face as he took note of the amount of XP he had earned, as well as the additional notification that came alongside the kill.
"Finally got another Uncommon grade Skill Key." Valyr briefly clenched his fists in excitement before proceeding to traverse the corridor before him. "With the 9 keys I've gotten from clearing the Common Caves, I'm now at a total of 17 Uncommon grade Skill Keys."
"Not bad, considering that I'm still at the third room of the Uncommon Depths."
Just like how the Common Caves consisted of 10 rooms that seemed to have undergone procedural generation, the layout of the Uncommon Depths was more or less the same, with one of the differences being the fact that one would have to go through 12 rooms to exit the dungeon instead of 10.
Aside from that, unlike the Common Caves, one would have to fight against a mini-boss at the halfway mark, its strength around three tiers higher than the acolytes from what Valyr could remember. Of course, defeating the mini-boss would allow one to be rewarded accordingly, allowing them to obtain a considerable number of Skill Keys in one go.
In fact, Valyr had heard from some players back then that they had gotten Skill Shards to drop from these mini-bosses as well, something Julian had brought up during their conversation about the Lesser Meltierre Mountains back in Algerie Kingdom's Blacksmith Guild.
As for those who had failed to defeat their mini-boss in time…
Surprisingly, they were all teleported to the entrance of the Uncommon Depths, prompting Valyr and many others back then to wonder whether these dungeons were purpose built to be a training ground of sorts.
"In three more rooms, I'll fight against the mini-boss," muttered Valyr to himself as he eventually found himself at an area with multiple floating platforms, all of which had a group of Skeleton Acolytes on top of it.
Assessing the number of foes that were on the platforms, the young man took in a deep breath before proceeding to conjure a maelstrom of earth and wind, deciding to decimate all of the skeletons by sending a barrage of large earth shards.
"Of course, I should still keep an eye on that second runic parchment."
…
'And with this, I'm finally done with the Uncommon Depths.' Watching as the tornado of crimson flames and wind he had cast engulf all of the Skeleton Acolytes in its vicinity, only leaving their ashes behind, Valyr let out a soft sigh of relief as he took a look at his notification screen, ignoring the notification sounds incessantly ringing in his mind as he counted the number of Skill Keys he had gained from this run.
"A total of 28 Uncommon grade Skill Keys and 12 Common grade Skill Keys," said Valyr as he inwardly nodded. "Common grade Skill Keys aside, I'm still lacking a few more Uncommon grade Skill Keys to make sure that all of the skills I could upgrade would be at the max level of Uncommon grade."
"Normally, I'd just do another run of the Uncommon Depths and purposefully lose to the mini-boss to get the remaining keys." Seeing as the tornado he had cast had finished doing its job, Valyr went ahead and conjured a large gust of wind, blowing all of the ashes on the ground to the edges as he proceeded to look for the second runic parchment.
"But of course, with the runic parchment quest, I guess I'll head to the Rare Abyss instead."
"Now where is it…" Pushing his senses to the limit, Valyr looked all throughout the large hall he had just emptied, making sure to not miss even a single nook or cranny in search for the second runic parchment. In fact, he had done the same thing to all of the previous rooms he had entered, not crossing out the possibility that the runic parchment would be found in the middle of the dungeon.
"Weird. Can't find any sign of it anywhere." Briefly scratching the back of his head, Valyr decided to bring out the runic parchment he had picked up from the Common Caves to see if it would help out.
And fortunately, it did.
Whoosh!
At the very moment he brought out the first runic parchment he had picked up, the runes on the parchment proceeded to light up as a sheet of parchment at the far end of the empty hall began to float all of a sudden.
Not long after, this sheet of parchment swiftly headed to where Valyr was, joining together with the first runic parchment to form a larger piece of parchment as the runes on the two parchments combined to form a larger rune.
In terms of the runes' current appearance, it was as if the two parchments had never been separated in the first place, leaving Valyr no choice but to stand still at a loss for words as a notification sound resounded in his mind.
Ding!
[You have completed part of the requirements for the quest: The Runic Parchments.]
[Find the 2nd Runic Parchment within the Uncommon Depths (1/1)]
"…"
"Well… that was easier than I thought."
Chapter 388: Preparing For The Rare Abyss

After getting over his initial shock at how simple obtaining the second runic parchment was, Valyr took in a few deep breaths to compose himself before proceeding to look at the rune arrangement on the now larger piece of parchment he held.
Shifting his gaze towards the side of the parchment where the runes lay, Valyr closed one of his eyes in slight fear that he would have to endure multiple waves of pain once more to be able to look at the larger parchment. Fortunately, even with his only open eye intently staring at the runes on the parchment, no such pain washed over his body at all, allowing him to inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he opened both of his eyes to get a better look.
"I still have no clue on what this does." With all of his attention focused on the now larger parchment, the young man quickly noticed a specific detail that he had overlooked back when he only had one runic parchment in his possession. On two corners of the larger parchment were two slanted lines that seemed to intersect at a point past the current parchment he held, prompting Valyr to think that the intersection would only be found once he obtained the third and last runic parchment.
"A triangle surrounding a magic circle…" Though Valyr felt that the triangle surrounding the magic circle was an aesthetic choice by the creator at best, he still pondered a bit deeply into it, thinking that there might be a purpose for the shape other than purely for design.
Faintly shrugging his shoulders as he had come at a dead end in his contemplation over the triangle, he soon focused his attention on the runes that made up the magic circle, as well as the incomplete magic circle himself, finally getting a better idea of what the magic circle's purpose was.
'Thank the heavens I studied a lot about runes back then as a player, even if it was just because I had nothing else to do.' As these words lingered in his mind, a bitter smile crept up onto Valyr's lips.
'In any case, the magic circle has something to do with the soul…' Examining the structure of the magic circle in greater detail, Valyr was able to pinpoint certain elements of the magic circle that allowed him to deduce the general purpose of the magic circle. 'As to whether it's a link to another soul, a ritual involving the soul, or whatever, that I have no clue.'
"Once again, there's only one way to find out what it really does." More or less satisfied with the additional information he had obtained from the second runic parchment, he stashed the large parchment into his spatial bracelet before proceeding to head through the exit, appearing at the entrance of the Uncommon Depths not long after.
Whoosh!
"How much sunlight is there left before the sun starts to set?" Seeing that he had appeared at the entrance to the three dungeons once more, he took a look at the entrances to his left and right, watching a few people enter the dungeons for a short while before proceeding to distance himself from the entrance to get a better look at the sky.
"Only a couple or so hours left before the sun sets." Taking into consideration the amount of time he had spent in the dungeon as he looked at the position of the sun, a slight frown appeared on Valyr's face as he pondered over whether or not to head to the Rare Abyss right now and complete the quest, or postpone his entry to the Rare Abyss for tomorrow.
"Well… I do feel like it would be a waste if the momentum I've built up so far in clearing the dungeons disappears…" Fortunately, it did not take long for him to make a decision, his gaze affixed towards the entrance to the Rare Abyss as a flame of determination flickered in his eyes. "Plus, it's not like there's anything or anyone stopping me from entering the dungeons at night."
"Then again, this is the Rare Abyss we're talking about…" Becoming silent for a bit, Valyr tilted his head downward with his eyes closed as the gears in his mind gradually turned. After a while, he looked directly at the three dungeons before distancing himself even further, only to take out the Skill Keys he had obtained from the two dungeon runs not long after.
"Since that's the case, I might as well evolve all of my Common grade skills to Uncommon grade."
Ding!
[Would you like to use 1 Common Skill Key and spend 100,000 XP to evolve 'Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation' to the next grade?]
Making up his mind to evolve his Common grade skills to the next grade, Valyr went ahead and begun the upgrading process with the skill that had become his main method of dealing damage ever since he distanced himself from the effects of [Tidemother's Vengeance].
'I have enough XP to evolve a decent number of the Common grade skills to the next grade, but would I have enough for all of them?' As this question popped up in his mind while he looked at the prompt the system gave him, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to show him the amount of unused XP he currently had, only for a grin to appear on his face not long after.
Ding!
[Unused XP: 6,223,836]
"Guess I was worrying for nothing." Closing up the screen he had just brought up, Valyr let out a brief cackle before proceeding to confirm the prompt that had appeared before him earlier, allowing [Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation] to finally undergo the evolution process.
"I actually have enough to evolve all of them, and then some more."
Ding!
[You have successfully evolved 'Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation' to Uncommon grade.]
[The skill 'Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation' has evolved to 'Intermediate Crimson Flame Manipulation' due to the change in grade.]
Chapter 389: Under Pressure

Ding! Ding! Ding!
By the time Valyr had finished upgrading all of his Common grade skills to the next grade, an hour or so had passed, only leaving the young man an hour or so of sunlight before the skies turned dim. Nevertheless, that did not stop the young man from having sparkles in his eyes, a wide smile plastered on his face.
'Eventually, most, if not all of the skills I have right now will be Rare grade. After that, they'll reach Epic, then Legendary, then Mythic, and at some point, the highest grade possible.' As this thought lingered in his mind, Valyr let out a faint chuckle as he brought up his notification screen, taking a look at the changes the skills he evolved had undergone in terms of their naming.
For the skills that began with the word 'Basic' like the skill [Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation], the only change to their name was the word 'Basic' being replaced with the word 'Intermediate'.
However, even though the name of the skill made it seem like Valyr had an intermediate level of understanding how to manipulate a certain element or such, the evolution the skills had undergone made him feel like he gained far more than that.
Then, there were those skills that began with the word 'Inferior', such as the skill [Inferior Heal]. In the cases of those skills, their names also underwent a change similar to what happened with the 'Basic' skills.
But instead of having the word be changed to 'Intermediate', the word 'Inferior' was instead replaced with the word 'Lesser', which gave Valyr the feeling that he could replenish more of his health with the improved skill, as well as even gain a chance at surviving situations that he considered precarious.
Of course, there were also skills that did not follow the first two archetypes, their names undergoing a unique change that allowed Valyr to gain a better idea of the skill's eventual scope. With that being said, his attention was currently focused on a certain skill that he found incredibly crucial not only in fights, but in day-to-day activities as well.
Ding!
[You have successfully evolved 'Analysis' to Uncommon grade.]
[The skill 'Analysis' has evolved to 'Greater Analysis' due to the change in grade.]
'Let's see what kind of information I'll be able to get with this evolved.' Feeling satisfied after having to evolve multiple skills to the next grade, Valyr closed up the notification screen in front of his field of vision before proceeding to make his way towards the three entrances, keeping an eye at the sun's position from time to time.
"Halt." Just as he had arrived a fair distance away from the entrance that led him to the Rare Abyss, a certain person appeared before him, a slight frown adorning the person's face. "The dungeons are about to close in an hour."
"Really?" Looking at the person in front of him, Valyr raised his eyebrow in slight incredulity as he looked at the man from head to toe. Unexpectedly, the man that stopped him from reaching the Rare Abyss was the same man who warned him and the others regarding the dangers of entering the dungeons at a low level. "I thought there was no time limit to accessing the dungeon?"
"There is none." The man nodded in agreement. "However, I would advise you to head to the outpost for now and prepare for the dungeon you wish to enter tomorrow. Not only will you be fighting at your peak condition, the chances of you clearing the dungeon of your choosing successfully increases as well."
At the man's words, Valyr went silent for a bit as the man's words made sense to him. After all, any person that had traversed the dungeons for an entire day like him would have been incredibly exhausted by now, needing to replenish their energy in preparation for the next day.
However, he was not like any person.
"I appreciate the warning, but I still wish to proceed to the dungeon behind you." As Valyr said these words to the man, he took on a slight apologetic tone, which did not go unnoticed under the man's senses.
"Are you certain?" The man looked back at him, a faint frown creeping up onto the man's lips. "I may not know your true strength, but with how you've cleared the Common Caves and Uncommon Depths without problem, I really think you'd fare better against the Rare Abyss with a good night's rest."
"That may indeed be the case…" At this point, a bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face, only for him to let out a faint sigh soon after. "But I still wish to enter."
"Know that you are the one responsible for your own decision." Seeing as Valyr was still adamant on entering the dungeon even with his multiple attempts of dissuasion, the man finally relented, letting out a low sigh as he moved to the side, finally allowing Valyr to head to the Rare Abyss. "I do hope that you know when to admit defeat."
"I appreciate the concern." Hearing the man's words, Valyr nodded with a soft smile. "However, never once have I bitten off more than I could chew."
"Is that so?" In response, the man let out a brief chuckle before nodding, finding the young man's words somewhat amusing. "Let me see if you have the strength to back up your words, then."
Letting out a bit of laughter in response, Valyr finally moved away from the man and headed towards the entrance to the Rare Abyss, disappearing from the man's vision before appearing in the dungeon's room of respite a few seconds later.
Feeling that he did not have much time to waste, as well as the fact that he more or less knew what he was up against, the young man swiftly headed through the door-shaped energy barrier, only to be greeted by a light gray skeleton wearing what seemed to be a robe made out of tattered rags.
"[Greater Analysis]."
Ding!
[Skeleton Mage (Rare Elite)] (Level 45)
Class: Skeleton Arcanist
HP: 4,248/4,248
MP: 5,088/5,088
Stats: 177 VIT, 212 STR, 177 AGI, 88 DEX, 212 INT, 135 WIS, 121 PER, 79 LUK
Skills: [Intermediate Spellcasting], [Basic Incantation], [Basic Mana Affinity]…
Remarks: A strong foe when it comes to the art of magic… but surprisingly still ultimately a pile of bones.
"I guess this is the first Rank 3 being I'll truly be fighting up against." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr psyched himself up as he extended both of his palms towards the skeleton, only to send out a barrage of blades made out of crimson flames soon after.
Whoosh!
"[Crimson Blade Torrent]!"
Chapter 390: A Bone Crushing Experience

"Haah… haah…" While making his way through the fourth room of the Rare Abyss, Valyr took the time to catch his breath, feeling a hint of exhaustion from the fights he had fought in the three previous rooms he was in. "It's definitely more exhausting when compared to my two previous runs, but man is it far better than my first attempt at the Rare Abyss back then."
Gazing at the path before him to get an idea of how many Skeleton Mages he would have to fight before being able to proceed to the fifth room, Valyr rummaged through his memories to recall the layout of the Rare Abyss, which did not differ much from the first two dungeons in the fact that all three of them were procedurally generated.
However, with the Common Caves' exit being found after 10 rooms, and the Uncommon Depths' exit being found at 12, one would only be able to exit the Rare Abyss once one has gone through 15 rooms.
Not only that, but one would have to face against mini-bosses every five rooms, which meant that one would have to face a total of three mini-bosses before reaching the end of the Rare Abyss, which is two more when compared to the number of mini-bosses one would have to defeat in the Uncommon Depths.
Though, just like the Uncommon Depths, being unable to defeat the mini-boss did not mean that one would have to submit to fate and disappear from the face of the planet. Instead, one would appear at the entrance of the dungeon they had entered, resetting the progress one has made in the dungeon back to zero.
"[Intermediate Fire Magic Style]."
"[Cascading Blaze]."
"[Intermediate Wind Magic Style]."
"[Billowing Tempest]."
Arriving at the portion of the fourth room that would allow him to proceed to the next room, Valyr took a look at the great number of Skeleton Mages loitering around the large space before him, prompting him to utilize a combination of two elements he had used before to dish out great damage not long after.
However, unlike before, all of the skills that went into its damage had increased by a grade, causing a far stronger maelstrom of fire and wind to wreak havoc at the skeletons that roamed about, all of which eventually succumbed to the damage before turning into a pile of ashes that sparsely covered the ground.
"No sign of the third runic parchment anywhere." Dispelling the storm of fire and wind in less than an instant, Valyr then conjured a strong gust of wind to blow all bits of dust and ash to the edges of the space before proceeding to look for signs of the third parchment, even going so far as to bring out the large parchment to see if anything would react.
Seeing as there was no trace of the third parchment in the fourth room whatsoever, Valyr's thoughts of the third and last parchment being found at the final room grew stronger as he proceeded through the door-shaped energy barrier, entering the fifth room not even a couple seconds later.
"Facing off the mini-boss from the get-go, huh." Unexpectedly, there was no corridor whatsoever that Valyr had to go through to fight against the mini-boss. Instead, the other side of the door-shaped energy barrier led the young man directly to where the mini-boss was located, which appeared to be a skeleton a couple of heads taller than the other skeletons Valyr had come across earlier.
Aside from that, the robe the skeleton wore was considerably nicer than the ragged robes of the Skeleton Mages he had fought, getting a feeling that the robe was infused with a decent amount of mana. To top it all off, the skeleton also wielded a staff that seemed to be carved out of an exquisite piece of wood with a large ruby crystal affixed to one of its ends.
"[Greater Analysis]."
Ding!
[Fibula the Skeleton Archmage (Legendary Elite)] (Level 45 | Mini-boss)
Class: Skeleton Archmage
HP: 16,344/16,344
MP: 17,808/17,808
Stats: 227 VIT, 371 STR, 263 AGI, 113 DEX, 371 INT, 252 WIS, 158 PER, 101 LUK
Skills: [Intermediate Spellcasting], [Intermediate Incantation], [Intermediate Mana Affinity]…
Remarks: For once, you're up against someone significantly difficult to defeat. Of course, there's nothing else to say about the bone part.
"Hiss…" Sucking in a breath of cold air through his teeth, Valyr looked at the stats of the mini-boss before him, eventually concluding that it would take him a considerable amount of time to defeat the boss, even with his absurdly high stats as someone in the middle of his Rank 2 class.
"I guess it's time to bring out the big guns." Feeling that he would only be able to leave the Rare Abyss by the time it was midnight if he fought against the mini-boss before him with pure magic, Valyr let out a low sigh as he retrieved the spear from his back, instantly feeling the spear gradually siphon a bit of his energy with every passing second.
Knowing that he had to make the most of his time, Valyr swiftly formed a connection with Shadow Energy before swinging his spear upward, causing the ever terrifying wave of dark energy to appear before him not long after.
"[Offense Aura+]."
"[Limit Break]."
"[Shadow Serpent Style]…"
"[Tide of the Dark Night]."
"I wonder if the remaining mini-bosses also have something to do with a bone in the body…"
Whoosh!
…
After ending the fight against the first mini-boss within a few moves thanks to his timely usage of his spear, Valyr was able to speed through the sixth to ninth rooms with the help of his magic, eventually finding himself up against the second mini-boss by the time he entered the tenth room. Activating [Greater Analysis] to get a better idea of what he was up against, what Valyr instead found left him at a loss for words.
"I can't  believe it…"
"It actually  happened…"
Ding!
[Tibia the Skeleton Archmage (Legendary Elite)] (Level 47 | Mini-boss)
Class: Skeleton Archmage
HP: 17,352/17,352
MP: 19,248/19,248
Stats: 241 VIT, 401 STR, 277 AGI, 122 DEX, 401 INT, 266 WIS, 171 PER, 106 LUK
Skills: [Intermediate Spellcasting], [Intermediate Incantation], [Intermediate Frost Magic Style], [Advanced Mana Affinity]…
Remarks: Guess who's back… back again…
Chapter 391: A Bone Shattering Experience

"In the fifth room, I fought against a mini-boss named Fibula. Then, at the tenth room, I fought against someone named Tibia." Though the two mini-bosses Valyr fought against did not pose too much difficulty to him, having access to incredibly destructive moves, the names of the mini-bosses remained lingering in his mind, prompting him to wonder what the name of the final mini-boss would be. "If that's the naming pattern for the mini-bosses in this dungeon, then that means I would be facing against someone named Femur at the final room?"
"If that's the case, I'd probably just laugh out of disbelief." Bitterly smiling at the thought that there was a chance the final mini-boss he would fight against would be named after the largest bone in the human body, Valyr proceeded to discard all tangential thoughts in his mind as he focused on what was up ahead, sending out wave after wave of magic attacks once more to clear out the path before him.
"By now, I've more or less gotten used to fighting with magic," muttered Valyr to himself, assessing his control and mastery over magic by how he had handled the dungeons so far. "Though, it would take a while to really make sure that using magic as my main method of fighting is ingrained within me."
"Of course, that's a problem up to future me to solve."
"Let's see how many Skill Keys I've gotten so far…" Continuing to move through the pathways that made up the 14th room of the Rare Abyss, Valyr commanded the system to bring up a notification screen in front of him, allowing him to tally the number of Skill Keys he had gained from the run so far. "7 Uncommon grade Skill Keys and 3 Rare grade Skill Keys…"
"Definitely not the best drop rate to obtain in a dungeon with a total of 15 rooms, but at the very least I'm done farming keys to evolve my skills." Briefly thinking about how his Skill Key drops were on the unluckier side of the spectrum, the young man swiftly shifted his perspective over the matter to something more optimistic, psyching himself up with the fact that he was now free to focus his entire attention on the quest he had received.
"[Crimson Blade Torrent]!"
Arriving at the final junction of the 14th room, which was only a slightly larger space when compared to the pathways he had been traversing so far, Valyr went ahead and unleashed one of his highly destructive skills on the magic side of things, sending out a barrage of blades made out of crimson flames towards the skeletons within the space.
However, unlike his earlier activations of the same skill, the crimson flames propelling the blades this time around contained a tinge of orange to it, causing not only the heat of the flames to be far more intense than what it previously was, but also the level of destructiveness of the flames.
Of course, this option was only unlocked once Valyr had evolved [Basic Crimson Flame Manipulation] to the next grade, which had given him access to what was aptly called Orange Crimson Flames.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
With his INT stat being buffed by the spells and skills he had cast on himself, as well as the attacks being propelled by a higher tier of crimson flame, it did not take long for the group of Skeleton Mages within the space to disappear from Valyr's sight, eventually leaving an empty space for the young man to explore about a minute or so later.
"Before I head to the final room, gotta check if the parchment is here." With the skeletons now gone from the space, Valyr proceeded to head to the center of the room before pushing all of his senses to their utmost limits, making sure to not miss even a single corner in search for the third runic parchment.
Due to the fact that the crimson flames had not left any pile of ashes for Valyr to sweep up with Wind-attribute magic, it did not take long for Valyr to come to the conclusion once more that the parchment could not be found within the room he was in, even after bringing the large runic parchment out.
"Well, it's not like checking every room for signs of the parchment was useless." Placing the large runic parchment back into his spatial bracelet, Valyr looked at the door-shaped energy barrier a few meters away from him before taking in a deep breath, briefly wondering to himself as to how the third runic parchment would show itself to him.
After all, the second runic parchment only appeared once he brought the first runic parchment out.
Determined to end the fight against the mini-boss as quickly as possible, Valyr swiftly passed through the dark gray barrier, only to be greeted once more by the mini-boss as he appeared in the room where it resided.
"Another foolhardy challenger appears before me once more." At the very moment he appeared in the final room of the dungeon, the mini-boss, which looked to be a skeleton a couple of heads taller than the mini-bosses he fought against, began to speak, its voice accompanied with the sound of its bones faintly rattling.
"Of course, the outcome shall be the same as always."
"[Greater Analysis]." Ignoring the monologue the mini-boss recited at the very moment he appeared, as if to instill a bit of fear into the young man, Valyr went ahead and activated his newly improved identification skill to see what kind of enemy he was up against, only to be left at a slight loss for words as the enemy's class stood out to him.
"Demilich…"
As far as he knew, once a skeleton had gained a considerable level of sentience and had impressive control over the art of magic, they would transition into a being that transcended Skeleton Archmages, which were considered the pinnacle of skeletons who pursued magic. From that point onward, they would become a being that was considered immortal, though they lacked a certain something that truly made them immortal.
Those beings were called Demiliches.
"I don't even know what to say anymore…" However, what stood out even more to him was not the enemy's class, but instead the enemy's name. He only thought of it possibly happening due to how the two previous mini-bosses were named, but now that the screen before him confirmed his speculations, only one thought popped up in his mind.
'The heavens are really messing with me this time around.'
Ding!
[Demilich Femur (Mythic Elite)] (Level 50 | Mini-boss)
Class: Demilich
HP: 21,096/21,096
MP: 23,520/23,520
Stats: 293 VIT, 490 STR, 333 AGI, 150 DEX, 490 INT, 320 WIS, 208 PER, 125 LUK
Skills: [Advanced Spellcasting], [Advanced Incantation], [Advanced Mana Affinity], [Intermediate Death Affinity], [Basic Life Affinity], [Basic Longevity]…
Remarks: Pretty great with magic to the point they're considered immortal. Pretty great with magic to the point they're considered scary on the battlefield. Pretty great with magic, alright… but still considered a pile of bones.
Chapter 392: The Final Parchment

"[Intermediate Fire Magic Style: Blazing Vigor]!"
Whoosh!
"[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]!"
"[Limit Break]!"
"[Offense Aura+]!"
Whoosh!
"[Shadow Serpent Style]…"
"[Tide of the Dark Night]!"
After whittling down the demilich before him to about half of its health with magic, Valyr did not hesitate to land the killing blow, proceeding to increase his combat prowess through the combination of magic spells and usual buffing skills to ensure that his spear would be at its strongest state at the moment he landed it.
Swiftly forming a connection with Shadow Energy, the young man went ahead and swung his spear upward, causing a tyrannical wave of dark energy to appear before the demilich, instilling into the latter the feeling that it could not escape the attack that it would receive.
"Cease!" Of course, due to the fact that his opponent had a considerable level of sentience and felt that it would undoubtedly die if it allowed the attack to connect with it, the demilich dug deep into its power reserves to send out a flurry of attacks at its strongest state possible at the wave to dispel it…
Only for all of it to be absorbed by the wave soon after.
"How could such a foolish being hold so much power within their small stature… I cannot accept this!" Seeing as all of its attacks had been absorbed by the wave of dark energy before it without any difficulty, a feeling of slight disbelief welled up within the demilich's body, only for it to be replaced with great rage as he sent out yet another barrage of attacks towards the wave before him, all of which contained greater power than before.
Unfortunately, just like the previous barrage of attacks he had sent out to the wave, all of them were for naught as the wave absorbed all of it without any difficulty.
Determined that it would be able to escape, the demilich was about to send yet another wave of attacks, only to notice that only a small distance separated from it making contact with the wave. With that, the demilich proceeded to distance itself from the wave, teleporting a few meters to the left.
Whoosh!
Surprisingly, as if it had locked onto its target, the dark wave expanded to cover the demilich, even if the latter had teleported to escape its path. Gazing at how the wave before it had adapted to its current position, it was at that moment did the demilich finally feel a hint of despair, muttering out what seemed to be its final words as it was engulfed by the wave soon after.
"Is this… the end?"
Whoosh!
'-11,261'
As a five digit number appeared over the demilich's head whilst the wave of Shadow Energy engulfed it, Valyr watched the demilich fall to the ground, only for him to feel a slight vibration emanating from his spatial bracelet. Raising his eyebrow in slight curiosity, the young man took a look at his bracelet to see what was causing the vibration, swiftly noticing that the large parchment seemed to be moving out and about within the confines of his bracelet.
Briefly wondering what was causing the large parchment to move in such a way, Valyr decided to remove the parchment from the bracelet for now, lest it destroyed any of the other things he had placed within the spatial bracelet aside from the Skill Keys.
Surprisingly, this move of his to ensure his items within the spatial bracelet were safe had caused the large parchment to stop moving, hovering just a few dozen centimeters away from Valyr, stabilizing its height to where the parchment met the young man's eyes.
At the very moment the wave of dark energy disappeared from the vicinity of the room, the large parchment soon headed to where the demilich stood at its final moments, prompting Valyr to notice that the robe the demilich wore had not been destroyed by the dark wave at all. Curious as to why that was the case, the answer to his question was quickly obtained once the large parchment made its way to the robe, the runes on its surface glistening soon after.
Swoosh!
In response to the large parchment's runes beginning to glow, faint lines on the surface of the robe began to give off the same color of light the runes on the large parchment gave off, only for it to congregate at a single point soon after as a tattered parchment filled to the brim with runes manifested slightly above the demilich's robe after some time.
With his mouth slightly agape, Valyr watched as the tattered parchment gradually made its way to the large parchment, only for a great burst of light to appear at the very moment the two parchments combined, causing the young man to squint his eyes as he looked away from the light for a bit.
By the time he was able to return his sight to what was going on with the parchments, the tattered parchment had joined himself to the large parchment, the tattered parts of it gradually repairing itself to appear similar to the large parchment it had combined with.
Continuing to watch the three runic parchments interact with one another, Valyr watched as the rectangular edges of the parchment disappear, noticing that the slanted lines he had on the large parchment back then had indeed connected to a certain point on the third and final parchment, prompting the final parchment to be in the shape of a triangle once the extra pieces of parchment dissipated into thin air.
Moving a bit closer to get a better look at what the purpose of the magic circle on the parchment was, Valyr was forced to take a few steps back after the parchment decided to shrink all of a sudden, shrinking from a size that would allow the parchment to cover his upper torso and a bit more, to a size that would fit at the palm of his hand at most.
Seeing as the small triangular parchment had finished undergoing through its various transformations, the young man decided to get closer to it once more, inwardly letting out a sigh of relief as he proceeded to grab the triangular parchment whilst it was still hovering.
Finally able to get a better look at the complete magic circle on the parchment, Valyr went ahead and focused his attention on the magic circle, only for him to fall unconscious not long after as he fell to the ground with a thud.
…
…
…
Ding!
[You have completed part of the requirements for the quest: The Runic Parchments.]
[Find the 3rd Runic Parchment within the Rare Abyss (1/1)]
…
[You have completed the quest 'The Runic Parchments'.]
[You have gained the eligibility to meet with the Sage of Erudition.]
Chapter 393: The Sage Of Erudition

"Mngh… what theHeckhappened…?" After what felt like an incredibly long time, Valyr gradually opened his eyes as he sat upright, feeling a bit of soreness from his back due to how he fell. For a few seconds, he looked at his surroundings in slight confusion, only to become alert not long after as he realized that something was off.
"Wait a second…"
"Where am I?" Looking around his current surroundings, Valyr was greeted only by the sight of the purest white, with its sheer whiteness making him wonder how such purity was even possible in the first place. Even as he stood up and walked around the surroundings to see if there was a limit to the space, he could not distinguish which part was the floor, the wall, or the ceiling at all.
To him, it was as if he was looking at a blank white screen.
"Let me try and recall what happened before I got here." Seeing as there was not much point in walking around, even after pushing his body to his utmost limit in terms of speed, Valyr eventually decided to sit down and mull over how he had entered this place, tracing his steps back to when the large parchment and the tattered parchment from the demilich's robe had fused together.
"After the two parchments fused together, the extra portions of the parchments dissipated into thin air, with a large triangular piece of parchment being the only thing remaining on it," muttered Valyr as he thought out loud. "Then, out of nowhere, the triangular parchment shrunk in size, transforming into a piece of parchment that could fit within my palm, even though all of the runes were still there."
"After that, since I was curious as to what the true purpose of the magic circle on the parchment was, I moved closer to grab the parchment and look at it…" At this point of his train of thought, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he let out a faint sigh. "But what happened after that was me appearing in this white space."
"Well, that definitely helped out with sorting my thoughts, but not really helping out in giving me the answer as to why I'm here." Sitting in silence for a bit as he looked at his surroundings once more to see if anything would change, Valyr eventually commanded the system to bring up his notification screen, thinking that he might obtain a clue to his current situation.
Ding!
"For one, the quest is completed." With the notification sound resounding in his mind, the young man faintly nodded as he read through the notifications he received regarding the completion of the quest. "If that's the case, then I guess this is my reward for completing it."
"Eligible to meet with the Sage of Erudition…" Muttering out these words, Valyr rummaged through his memories to see if he had come across a being like that back when he was a player, only to come up empty-handed soon after.
"Some other player probably came across this guy and kept it a secret," said Valyr to himself as he thought about a couple possibilities as to why he had not come across the being in the past. "Or perhaps he wasn't even in the public release in the first place."
"Either way, I'm incredibly curious as to who this Sage of Erudition is."
"Curious, huh?" Hearing a voice behind him respond to his question, Valyr tensed up as his eyes briefly widened in shock, the gears in his mind turning at their fastest as he wondered when the owner of the voice had appeared. Continuing to remain vigilant, the young man gradually turned to look in the direction of the voice's origin, only to find a certain being sitting on what seemed to be a throne made out of carved marble.
As for the owner of the voice he had just heard, it was a man that looked to be three heads taller than Valyr, wearing a set of clothes that would be best described as a white tuxedo that had a few gold trimmings and adornments here and there.
Aside from that, multiple lines that glistened a faint blue coursed throughout the man's olive green skin, forming a distinct contrast of color that surprisingly complimented the man's ash gray hair and golden yellow eyes.
"After waiting for so long, a human has finally succeeded in completing my trial." Whilst Valyr was still wondering where the man had come from, the latter decided to speak out of his own accord. "In fact, you are the first one to do so ever since I created the trial."
"I'm the first one? Really?" Unsurprisingly, Valyr felt a hint of disbelief at the man's claim, recalling that the dungeons of the Lesser Meltierre Mountains had been established by the Meltierre Empire a long time ago. "If you don't mind me asking, when did you create the trial?"
Surely, a trial made by the man would have been created at around the same time, no?
Surprisingly, no.
"Around a decade ago, if my memory serves me correctly," said the man to Valyr, leaving the latter with his mouth slightly agape as he felt even more disbelief. However, as he continued to look at the tall man on the throne and his stern expression, Valyr's doubts regarding the matter gradually faded away.
After all, why would the man need to lie to him about something like that?
"Though I still have a small hint of doubt regarding your words, I won't ask about it any further," said Valyr while the man continued to look at him. "Instead, I would like to ask… who are you?"
"Who am I?" At those words, the man flashed a faint smile. "Surely the system has already mentioned to you my identity, has it not?"
"Are you the one that's called the Sage of Erudition, then?" Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity as he asked back.
"That is indeed me." The man nodded. "However, that title barely scratches the surface of who I am and what my achievements are."
"I am the innovator and pioneer of a certain field of magic many in the world swear their life by."
"I am the creator of a fighting style that caused millions on the battlefield to shudder at its sight."
"I am the pinnacle of magic, the pinnacle of strength, and the pinnacle of intelligence in one entity."
"My name is An'xhur Khagarax, the Sage of Erudition."
"An'xhur Khagarax…" While listening to the man's introduction, Valyr focused on the man's name, feeling like he had heard the man's name somewhere before. However, after pondering over it for a bit, he realized that it was not the man's name that was familiar, but the man's surname instead.
After a while, a thought surfaced in his mind as he looked at An'xhur with a solemn expression.
"Are you… an orc?" As this question left Valyr's mouth, An'xhur looked back at him for a bit before nodding.
"Partly. I am what you would call a half-orc."
"A half-orc…" Though Valyr had only come across a few half-orcs in his journey in Greater Beyond back when he was a player, all of them were considered famed existences in their own right, all boasting strength greater than an orc and intelligence greater than a human. With such a combination, their names were known throughout multiple planets and star systems, with some even being known throughout galaxies.
Taking in a deep breath to collect his thoughts, Valyr decided to shift the topic away from An'xhur's species. "You being a half-orc aside, what is the purpose behind this trial? What is the purpose behind this meeting of ours?"
"If you're pertaining to the collection of the runic parchments as the trial, then you could say that it was my method of assessing someone who had the strength and intelligence necessary to act out the task I would ask of them." An'xhur looked at Valyr with a calm and cool expression. "After all, it's no easy feat for even a Rank 2 class holder like you to clear the Rare Abyss. Even more so if you take into consideration the methods of obtaining the two remaining runic parchments."
'But I didn't really put much thought into those…' Listening to An'xhur's words, Valyr briefly thought about how he had not really put much effort into obtaining the last two parchments. Though, he tossed those thoughts aside for now as the man continued talking.
"As for this meeting we're holding at the moment, it is to relay to you the task which I shall ask of you," said An'xhur. "Though you are free to decline after listening to my task, I'd suggest listening to everything first before making your decision."
"I am all ears, then." Taking An'xhur's words to heart, Valyr faintly nodded. "So, what's the task that you want me to do?"
"At your current level of strength, it is by no means simple, but I assure you that you will reap a lot out of it once you accomplish it."
"And the task would be…?"
"That would be to exact revenge on my killer," said An'xhur, his expression still calm as always.
Chapter 394: Coming To Terms

"Exact revenge on your killer, huh…" Hearing the words An'xhur spoke to him, Valyr faintly nodded in response, thinking that a request like An'xhur's would naturally warrant a level of privacy in a meeting like the one they were holding right now.
Though, as he thought about it a bit further, it was only then did the man's words truly sink into Valyr's mind, causing him to look at the half-orc with eyes slightly widened in disbelief as he asked, "You're dead?"
As these words left his mouth, Valyr felt that the man before him being dead would be the greatest irony in existence. After all, judging from the aura that the man was passively emanating while they were talking, Valyr was more than certain that the power the man held was indeed more than enough to create the parchments he had been collecting in those three subsequent dungeon runs.
Even looking at the man made him instinctively shrink back a bit in fear, giving him further evidence as to believe that An'xhur was at least a Legend, if not a Myth.
Yet, against all odds, An'xhur responded to Valyr's two word question with a bitter smile, letting out a long sigh before nodding. "Indeed. I may have done a lot of exemplary things throughout my life to cause a great revolution to happen to the masses, but in the end, I was still felled before I could even react."
"Before you could even react? Surely you would have been able to deal at least a bit of damage against your assailant, no?" Slightly tilting his head in confusion at a certain phrase in An'xhur's statement, Valyr continued to look at the man with a look of disbelief. After all, in a world like Veldanyr, Legends and Myths were considered invincible, able to live the entirety of their potential lives without a problem.
"I was able to retaliate, yes." Noticing the disbelief in both the young man's expression and tone, An'xhur continued to adopt a bitter smile on his face as he replied. "However, would what I did even be considered retaliation? Is it truly considered retaliation if your killer still remains living to this very day?"
Whoosh!
Just as Valyr felt inclined to tell An'xhur that the latter's current show of strength made him feel like the killer would have already been long dead under the latter's presence, An'xhur's aura underwent a swift change, with the tyranny and oppression that came along with a high class rank Valyr felt from the man gradually disappearing.
Instead, what replaced it was an aura he was incredibly familiar with, an aura that only served to make Valyr realize that An'xhur was not lying when the latter said that he was killed.
"The aura of death…" With a slight frown adorning his face, Valyr watched as the aura of death gradually took over the feeling of tyranny and oppression he felt while interacting with An'xhur, eventually reaching a point where the aura of death emanating from the man saturated every nook and cranny of the white space they were currently in.
"Apologies if my earlier appearance caused you to doubt my words." Taking in a deep breath after everything was done, An'xhur looked at Valyr with a slightly apologetic expression. "It was not my intention to deceive you into thinking that I was still alive and was about to give you an impossible task."
"If anything, the task I wish to ask upon you is as true as my demand for it to become a reality," said An'xhur, causing Valyr's expression to become solemn. "In fact, even this meeting with you was incredibly difficult for me to pull off, considering that only a small wisp of my original soul remains in this world, which is what you're interacting with at the moment, as well as the only thing connecting me to this world before I truly disappear."
"If anything, you could say that I am entirely betting on the fact that you would accept my task during this meeting, even if there is the possibility that you may reject my proposition at the end of it all."
At these words, Valyr went silent, his eyebrows furrowed as he went ahead and processed all of the information he had just obtained from An'xhur. Seeing that the young man was thinking over everything before continuing their conversation, An'xhur decided to remain silent, giving Valyr the time to think as the aura of death surrounding him subtly yet gradually grew more dense the more time passed.
Eventually, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he let out a slightly exasperated sigh, returning his gaze back to An'xhur as he continued where their conversation left off. "At this point, I've more or less accepted everything you've told me so far. The fact that you've created this trial around a decade ago, as well as the fact that I'm currently talking to someone dead."
"If you could humor me for a moment, how strong were you before you died?" Though Valyr felt like laughing at the absurdity of the situation, his expression still remained as solemn as ever, prompting An'xhur to nod back as he opened his mouth.
"At my strongest, I was a being that had transcended the level of mortality. If my memory still continues to serve me correctly, I had a Rank 6 class before my death, my progress in it being halfway to ascending to the next class rank." At these words, Valyr swiftly extrapolated the man's strength before his death, which unsurprisingly made him feel that the current situation was all the more absurd.
Nevertheless, he kept those thoughts to himself as he merely nodded in response, instead moving onto a different topic that would allow him to gain more information regarding the matter. "Would it be possible to hear from you as to how everything had gotten to this point?"
"Of course, now that I've heard more from you, I feel somewhat more inclined to accept your task. However, my efforts would prove useless if I were to go in blindly in proceeding through it, no?"
"That is true." Listening to Valyr's words, a slight apologetic smile appeared on An'xhur's face as he nodded. "I have been focused on persuading you to aid my cause all this time that I even forgot to tell the one that would accept my task the most important thing for them to know."
After that, An'xhur took in a deep breath as he sorted out his thoughts in silence.
"Now, where should I begin my narration…?"
Chapter 395: A Sage’s History

"I guess it would be best if I were to start from the very beginning." Answering the question that came out of his own mouth, An'xhur came to a decision as he willed the space to transform to his liking, causing a chair made out of the material making up the white space to appear just a fair distance away from where An'xhur sat. "Please sit."
"Now that I think about it, I haven't gotten your name, human."
"You may call me Valyr," said Valyr as he sat down on the chair An'xhur conjured. "Valyr Zeihardt."
"A human from the Zeihardt clan?" Raising his eyebrows in brief interest, the half-orc looked at Valyr for a bit before his gaze returned to the way it was before, though a wry smile now adorned his face. "It seems the heavens have finally decided to take a bit of pity on me."
"Anyways…"
Whoosh!
While Valyr was wondering when the man before him would start his introduction, An'xhur took in a deep breath as the aura of death surrounding his body briefly dissipated, only for a small ball of blue light to manifest in front of the half-orc a few seconds later.
With a slight frown adorning his face, the half-orc extended his arms towards the ball of blue light, infusing some of his energy into it. In response, the ball of light grew in size, transforming into a considerably sized sphere that hovered only a couple tens of centimeters away from where Valyr sat.
"I shall now begin my narration." Letting out a somewhat exhausted sigh as he slumped in his seat, An'xhur quickly returned to his usual sitting posture before gazing at the young man that sat the opposite the sphere that now separated them. Extending one of his arms into the sphere, An'xhur caused an image to appear within the sphere as he took in a deep breath.
"Back then, the Khagarax Empire of the orcs and the Meltierre Empire of the humans had a great relationship with one another," said An'xhur, flashing a few images of friendly interactions between humans and orcs through the sphere for Valyr to see. "It was to the point that the Meltierre Empire would send some of their greatest humans to the Khagarax Empire to learn of orc culture, while the Khagarax Empire would do the same thing some point in the future after, sending some of their finest orc warriors to learn of human culture."
"It was during those times that my father had come across my mother, instantly falling in love with her at first sight." At these words, An'xhur changed the images on the sphere to show a couple that greatly doted on one another, even though they vastly differed in race.
With what An'xhur had told him, it did not surprise Valyr that the man was an orc, taking note of the fact that he wore what would be considered the usual warrior get-up, which only consisted of a loincloth and a belt made out of string and teeth from large beasts.
Aside from that, Valyr also took note that the orc was considered handsome even when compared to human standards, sporting a pair of golden yellow eyes that formed a contrast to the man's tanned olive green skin and dark brown hair tied up into a bun as a deep scar ran from the man's right cheek to the center of his neck.
As for the woman, the young man felt that the word beautiful was far from enough to describe the otherworldly beauty he saw on the sphere. Wearing a red long-sleeved dress, the woman had a beauty mark under her right eye, while her lips was as red, if not more red than the dress she wore.
Unlike the orc, who had his hair tied into a bun, the woman had her ash gray tied into a messy ponytail, which complemented her deep blue eyes in a way that formed a somewhat jarring yet aesthetic contrast, considering her clothing and makeup.
"On the sphere is a picture of my mother and my father." An'xhur looked at Valyr, who seemed to have his attention focused on the sphere at the moment. "As I've mentioned earlier, I am a half-orc, so one of my parents would have to be a human, which in this case would be my mother."
"Would it be possible for me to know their identities?" Looking at An'xhur, Valyr posed a question to the man, prompting the former to become silent for a bit before eventually nodding. ee.
"I would have to inform you of my father's identity at some point for you to get a better idea of how things came to be, so I don't find any problem with that. However, I'll have to refrain talking about my mother for now," said An'xhur in response, to which Valyr responded that it was fine. Seeing that the young man had respected his decision, An'xhur nodded once more before continuing.
"The name of my father is Me'ierad Inryzaat Khagarax, the current ruler of the Khagarax Empire. Then again, I am not certain if he is still the current ruler of the Khagarax Empire, given how a decade has already passed since my death."
Hearing the name An'xhur mentioned to him, Valyr's eyes briefly widened in surprise, not expecting that a quest he had gotten out of nowhere would have a connection to the Khagarax Empire. In fact, if his mind had served correctly, he was certain that Me'ierad was the emperor that ruled the empire before the current emperor, the latter being the emperor that decided to turn hostile towards the humans.
Seeing as Valyr was finished processing the information he had just received, An'xhur continued where he left off. "At some point in their loving relationship, I had been born, being blessed with a level of intelligence and talent far greater than what an ordinary human would have, as well as being gifted with a level of strength that made even other orcs envious."
"Because of this, my father and mother had decided to name me An'xhur. An'xhur is the word for 'hope' in the language of the orcs, Khagaros."
"Then, a couple years after my birth, another child would be born."
"The one that would eventually lead me to my current situation."
Chapter 396: The Genius And The Envious

"Apologies for interrupting you in the middle of your narration." Feeling that An'xhur had skipped quite a few hoops in his story, Valyr decided to ask the man if he could go over every part in detail. "It's just that I feel like you've missed out quite an important detail in your story. Would it be possible for you to go into more detail regarding your birth before the appearance of the other child you mentioned?"
"Ah, my apologies." Though a slight frown appeared on An'xhur's face after Valyr interrupted him, once he had finished listening to the latter's statement, the half-orc went ahead and recounted his narration of his life so far, causing him to realize that he had indeed skipped what seemed to be quite an important detail.
"I didn't want to bore you with details regarding my upbringing, so I decided to skip it," said An'xhur a couple seconds later, to which Valyr responded that there was no need for him to skip over the details, informing him that it would be better if he went into great detail to get a better idea of what he had to do.
With that, An'xhur nodded in response to Valyr's words before retracing his narration to before he had mentioned the other child that would become the cause of the situation he and Valyr were currently in. "Going back a bit, ever since I was born, I was considered a prodigy. I could engage in basic communication by the time I was only two months old, only for it to improve to being able to engage in lengthy conversations by the time I was three months old."
"Due to how I was blessed with great strength and talent, I was also quick in picking up the fighting style of the orcs, as well as the magic of humans, allowing me to wield both of them to a considerable degree by the time I was two years old," An'xhur continued.
"At that point, many people that were close to my parents considered me as someone who would grow up to become a fine prince, if not the potential heir to the throne my father occupied." At these words, An'xhur flashed a couple of images in the sphere that pertained to his youth, giving Valyr more insight to how monstrously talented the half-orc was in his early years.
"Of course, even though my intellect at that time had improved to be able to hold conversations with many people, all I aimed at the time was to make my parents happy. Thus, if they wanted me to grow up as someone who would take over father's place as emperor, then I would do so if it meant seeing the smiles on my parents' faces."
"Then again, an unstable element to achieving that dream appeared by the time I was three years old." Uttering these words, An'xhur adopted a grim expression as a faint hint of rage could be felt from the aura he emanated. "While I was furthering my proficiency in the magic arts, my father came to where I was training, holding a young baby with a smile."
"Curious, I asked him if the baby was my sibling," said An'xhur before letting out a faint sigh soon after. "In response, my father told me that he was my half-sibling. In other words, my mother and his mother were different."
"As I was still a young child, I did not really understand what father meant by him being my half-sibling. If anything, I was just glad at the time that there would be someone else who would accompany me in my goal of being the one to inherit the throne."
"For the first five or so years, him and I were considered inseparable." Saying these words, An'xhur showed Valyr a set of images through the sphere that showed two young orcs, with one being considerably taller than the other. With a hint of disgust briefly flashing through his expression, the half-orc continued.
"He would always accompany me whenever I tried in the fighting style of orcs, or whenever I was learning the magic arts, telling me from time to time that he would grow up to become someone like me someday."
"However, by the time I had reached the age of adolescence, the close relationship we've formed throughout the years gradually began to disappear."
"Out of nowhere, he started to accompany me less and less, first giving me excuses as to why he couldn't come, though he eventually began to just say that he couldn't come with me." Recalling the memories he had mentioned whilst he was in the midst of narrating, An'xhur could not stop himself from letting out a sigh as he bitterly smiled.
"As I considered him my brother-in-arms, it definitely hurt me a lot to see him distance himself from me, especially when I have no idea why he began to do so in the first place."
"Nevertheless, I remained steadfast in achieving the goal I have given myself, improving my foundation of knowledge whilst strengthening my combat and magic prowess as well."
"By the time I was around 16, I had found a way to utilize the magic arts that would make it inherently unique to the orcs."
"By the time I was 23, I had expanded upon the method of utilization I discovered and created an entirely new system of magic even normal orcs could pick up, which caused the entire empire to celebrate the achievement for over a month."
"By the time I was 36, I was finished improving the new magic system to an acceptable level. With that, I focused my sights on the fighting styles the orcs generally used in combat, wanting to achieve something similar to what I had done for magic."
"By the time I was 38, I had optimized and improved upon the general fighting styles of the orcs, allowing those who had learned of it to fight against more foes in combat compared to those who hadn't. It was also at that time I had finally become an Epic, utilizing all of my life experience at that point to form my Intent."
"By the time I was 47, I had distilled the essences of the fighting styles and used it to create a brand new fighting style that minimize the disadvantages of the fighting styles that came before it while maximizing the advantages at the same time." Going through the things he had done in his life, the smile that adorned An'xhur's face grew wider and wider as the images on the sphere changed accordingly.
"Unfortunately, unlike the new magic system I had built to be compatible with all orcs, the fighting style I created was only suitable for me to use, with only the elite of the elite amongst the orcs being able to show a fraction of the fighting style I had made after I taught them."
"Thankfully, even that small fraction they could show was far greater than the might shown by the conventional fighting styles, allowing the orc race to occupy a far greater territory due to the might we now showed."
"By the time I had approached my late fifties, I had already reached the peak of Rank 5, at that point being known as the one who would naturally inherit the throne my father continued to occupy." At those words, An'xhur showed Valyr a set of images of the half-orc interacting with the masses, all of them having an expression of awe and admiration whenever they looked at An'xhur.
"About a year or two after I had reached the peak of Rank 5, my understanding of the Intent had finally reached a qualitative breakthrough, transforming into a Force and thus making me a Legend."
"It was at that point that I put a great amount of effort to improving the magic system I had made in the past, as well as the fighting style I had created. With how much I now knew compared to before, I found a ton of flaws in both the magic system and the fighting style, which I would have not noticed back then if not for the greater understanding my Force had given me."
"Within a few years after I began my undertaking, the effectiveness and the strength of the magic system had improved multiple times, only being pushed further with the establishment of an organization solely dedicated to improving it even further." Feeling great pride at what he had done, An'xhur beamed a grin.
"At that point, even the Meltierre Empire had become envious of the magic system we had, asking our empire if a few of their people could pick up the magic arts we had created. Of course, we accepted, seeing as how the relationship between our empires were considerably close."
"As for the fighting style I made, I took it upon myself to improve it where anyone among the orcs would be able to pick it up. Though it had taken almost a decade to do so, I was successful, with my fighting style basically becoming the standard fighting style of the orcs due to its flexibility and power."
"Around that time, I was already in my seventies," said An'xhur, looking at Valyr to see if he was still listening. Seeing as the latter was still attentive, the half-orc faintly nodded before continuing. "Though I could still improve upon the two things I had given to the orc race and possibly create more things in the meantime, I've decided to focus on myself for a bit and achieve something only a select few within the orc race had done."
"Transcend mortality and become a Myth." At these words, An'xhur's eyes glistened like the stars, only for it to swiftly disappear as a wry smile appeared on his face soon after.
"Coincidentally, it was at that time that my half-sibling decided to make amends."
Chapter 397: The Other Side Of The Coin

At the moment An'xhur mentioned how his half-sibling had returned at the later stages of his life to make amends with the former, Valyr proceeded to look at the half-orc that was on the opposite side of the sphere, looking at the man for a bit with an inquisitive gaze.
'I think I have an idea on how it's gonna go down.' Listening to An'xhur narrate his life up to this point, as well as introduce him to many of the things he had contributed to the prosperity of the orc race, Valyr felt hat he now had a good idea of the man's general personality, thinking that the man was inherently selfless, even though the goal that started it all was somewhat selfish in the first place.
As the gears continued to turn in Valyr's mind, hypothesizing how the inclusion of An'xhur's half-sibling in the later stages of the half-orc's life would lead to the man's eventual demise, An'xhur took in a few deep breaths to calm himself down, feeling slightly agitated as he recalled everything that happened.
His agitation over the matter had reached the point where even the faint rage hidden beneath his area had become palpable to Valyr, making the young man feel as if the other side was out to kill him a hundred times over.
Fortunately, An'xhur's murderous intent only lasted for a few seconds, allowing Valyr to let out a sigh of relief after, thinking to himself that he might have fainted from the intent if it had lasted for a couple more seconds.
Realizing his slight blunder, An'xhur apologized to Valyr for letting his emotions get the better to him, to which the latter replied that it was fine, considering how the former was digging up memories that were incredibly painful for him.
Hearing how the young man was so understanding of his current situation, a faint smile appeared on An'xhur's face as he composed himself for a bit longer, eventually continuing his narration from where he left off.
"Though I was slightly perturbed by the fact that my half-sibling had decided to make amends with me even though a long time has already passed, you could say that I was already expecting something like that to happen at some point." As these words left An'xhur's mouth, the images on the sphere showed An'xhur's current appearance alongside an orc that was a head shorter than the half-orc, the latter's expression giving Valyr the feeling that multiple things were going on in the orc's mind.
Although he was curious as to why this was the picture An'xhur had decided to show him, getting the feeling that he had chosen it due to the words he had spoken, it paled in comparison to the curiosity he felt after hearing the half-orc mention that he had already expected his half-sibling to make amends with him.
Taking note of the fact that Valyr's interest was piqued, An'xhur flashed a brief smirk as he spoke once more. "For a great portion of my life, I have focused my time on forming a unique magic system the orcs could greatly utilize, as well as creating a physical fighting style that brought out the best within an orc's body."
"With that in mind, you'd be inclined to think that I isolated myself from the masses to focus most, if not all of my attention on what I was working, right?" Hearing the question that left An'xhur's mouth, Valyr responded with a faint nod, feeling that it was the natural move one would make if one needed to put a great amount of their focus on something.
Seeing the young man's response to his question, An'xhur nodded back. "Well, it is natural for one to remove all external distractions from their immediate surroundings if one needed to put in all of their focus on something. In fact, even I couldn't avoid doing that during my work on those two achievements of mine."
"However, ever since that half-sibling of mine decided to distance himself out of nowhere, I had a hunch that I needed to be aware of my surroundings at all times, with it only expanding to cover the entire empire at some point in the future."
"With that, I employed an information network to keep me updated of what was going on at all times, allowing me to focus on my work regarding the magic system and the fighting style, while at the same time still being aware of the happenings surrounding the empire."
"At some point, I started receiving news related to my half-sibling." Saying these words, the image on the sphere shifted to a set of papers scattered all around a floor, prompting Valyr to move closer to get a better look at the text written on it.
At first, he could not understand the words on the pieces of paper at all, which made sense to the young man due to the difference in the language they knew. Fortunately, noticing Valyr's confusion whilst looking at the sphere, An'xhur infused a bit of his mana into the sphere, translating the words on the pieces of paper to where Valyr could read it.
"While I was focused on creating a magic system for the betterment of the orc race, he was focused on improving his relations with the higher-ups of the orc race, trying to gather the noble clans and families of the orc race to be on his side," said An'xhur soon after. "By the time I had shifted my focus to a general fighting style, he was already try to curry up favor with the ones that made most of the decisions in the empire."
"Though all of them eventually agreed to be on his side, my half-sibling seemed to have noticed that they weren't fully committed, prompting him to think about the possible reasons for it." At this point, An'xhur changed the images on the sphere to show Valyr some of the prominent figures of the Khagarax Empire while An'xhur was still alive.
"Eventually, he found out that the reason for them still wavering in fully committing to my half-sibling's side…"
"…was me."
Chapter 398: A Sage’s Reason For Vengeance

'I had a feeling.' By the time An'xhur mentioned to Valyr that he was the reason why the higher-ups of the orc race still wavered in their support for his half-sibling, the latter inwardly let out a chuckle, though his body language still remained the same.
Of course, it was not like he had to mull over it for a long time to come to such a conclusion. With how An'xhur seemed to be the ideal heir of the orc race, formulating a new system of magic and a new physical combat style that would increase the strength of the orc race to greater heights, it wasn't surprising to Valyr that there would be a few others who would grow envious of his feats.
It's only unfortunate that one of those people would be his half-sibling.
"As I've mentioned earlier, by the time I was already in my seventies, changing my goals to transcend the concept of mortality and become a Myth, my half-sibling had approached me one day in the hopes of making amends." Feeling the rage he had inadvertently released earlier bubbling up once more, An'xhur took the initiative to suppress it, taking a long and deep breath to calm his emotions.
"Naturally, with the information I had on my half-sibling regarding his currying of favor with the empire's higher-ups, I became wary of his intentions from the very start, wondering what he planned on doing. After all, I was a hindrance to his goal." As An'xhur began narrating this portion of his life, it was as if he had forgotten the existence of the sphere altogether, prompting Valyr to rely on his mind to imagine what had transpired through the half-orc's words.
"However, out of all the things I expected him to say to me after growing apart for a very long time, I definitely wasn't expecting him to say that to me."
"What did he say?" asked Valyr, his mind hard at work imagining the scenario An'xhur was narrating.
"I know I was the one who distanced myself from you, but is it possible for us to still return to how we were back then?" As An'xhur said these words, Valyr felt a multitude of emotions from the man's voice.
Considering how the half-orc and his half-sibling had distanced themselves from each other for over six decades, it was no surprise that Valyr felt longing, relief, as well as a hint of sadness from An'xhur's tone. To him, it felt as if An'xhur was conveying to him how the statement meant a lot to him at the time.
However, amidst those emotions, there was one that stood far above all of those, being the most obvious emotion Valyr felt from the man's tone.
Pain.
Unimaginable pain.
Allowing the statement he had uttered to linger in his mind, tears started to well up around An'xhur's eyes as his voice carried that same feeling. "At that moment, it was as if all my suspicion had disappeared within an instant. Then, for a while after that, I wondered how my half-sibling and I would've grown up to become if we had continued to stick together."
"Of course, my suspicion towards him was still there, but…" An'xhur let out a deep sigh. "Man, was I a fool."
"Because of just one statement, I thought to myself… why not give the man a second chance?"
"How utterly foolish I was to do so." Looking at An'xhur as he said these words, Valyr noticed that the tears that welled around his eyes earlier had now trickled down, even though the man tried his best not to make it obvious through his voice.
Doing what he had been doing all this time, Valyr remained silent, allowing An'xhur to collect his thoughts and compose himself, sniffling from time to time as the man relived the memories he had brought back up in his mind. Eventually, after a couple of minutes, the half-orc let out a long and deep sigh, the feeling of pain An'xhur felt from making such a decision palpable to Valyr through the sigh he let out.
"Apologies for letting my emotions get the better of me," said An'xhur after the sigh, flashing a bitter smile at Valyr whilst his face remained stained with tears. "Also, thank you for giving me time to collect myself."
"Haah…" Once more, An'xhur let out yet another deep sigh, being reminded of the foolish choice he had made. "After that meeting, it was if he and I had returned to our younger days, becoming an inseparable duo that everyone in the empire knew of."
"Whilst I was preparing for my ascension to a Rank 6 class, he would accompany me, asking me a couple of things from time to time regarding my understanding of my Force, as well as a couple of other things regarding the magic style and fighting style I had made."
"In exchange, I would accompany him to his meetings with the higher-ups, engaging in the pleasantries they generally took delight in as the relationship between them and us two would deepen." At these words, a slightly pained expression took over An'xhur's face. "With how much time had passed since we started accompanying each other again and how he was transparent in everything he did in front of me, my suspicions regarding his intentions gradually disappeared."
"This arrangement continued for about five years or so," said An'xhur, his expression returning to normal. "At that point, I felt that I was more than ready to ascend to a Rank 6 class…"
"So, I asked him and a few others to guard me while doing so."
"With that, we headed to a secluded yet distant area in the empire, making sure that my ascension process wouldn't be disturbed in any way." An'xhur let out a low sigh. "After everyone had made sure that they were ready, I then began ascending to Rank 6."
"At first, everything was going smoothly. My Legacy was as solid as it could be, allowing me to choose the class and species I would evolve into without any difficulty."
"With that, the only thing left was to transform my Force into a Concept. Thanks to the environment the ascension process had put me in, I wholeheartedly focused on increasing my understanding of my Force to where it would achieve yet another qualitative breakthrough, eventually being successful in doing so."
"As you know, all of us need a period of rest to fully acclimate to our newfound power. Of course, ascending to Rank 6 was no different, with the feeling of lethargy taking over my body the very moment I was done."
"However, just as I was about to lay on the ground to get a bit of rest somehow…"
"…"
"…he went ahead and stabbed me in the back."
Chapter 399: An Act Of Retaliation

As these words left An'xhur's mouth, a bitter smile gradually crept up onto his lips, containing hints of mockery around its corners. Being on the opposite side of the sphere, as well as being privy to the half-orc's narration so far, it did not take long for Valyr to figure out that An'xhur was focusing the feeling of mockery on himself, giving the young man the feeling that he was inwardly admonishing himself for being a fool.
"As my suspicions regarding his intentions of reuniting with me had disappeared by that point, it was no surprise that I felt a multitude of emotions after seeing my half-sibling, someone whom I thought had returned to my life in his entirety, stab me in the back just when I was at my weakest," said An'xhur with a sigh, slowly shaking his head soon after.
"Was this when you began to retaliate?" Valyr asked An'xhur, recalling that the latter told him that he was able to inflict some damage to the one who had betrayed him. In response, a faint murderous intent emanated from An'xhur as a slight frown adorned his face.
"How would I not?" replied An'xhur, his tone containing a hint of rage. "Even though I was at my weakest, hoping that the ones I had asked to accompany me in my ascension would protect me to the very end, I was left with no choice but to retaliate. The weapon my half-sibling had used to stab me was incredibly nefarious, being a weapon that introduced a poison that would even kill Myths given enough time."
"Aside from that, the other people I had asked to accompany me, people whom I thought had no connections to my half-sibling whatsoever, were all under his wing at that point."
"However, the most important reason as to why I retaliated…"
"…was because he betrayed my trust."
Whoosh!
At the very moment An'xhur was finished talking, Valyr felt a gust of wind blow throughout the white space as the murderous intent the former emanated began to disappear. Instead, what replaced it was the feeling of oppression and tyranny the young man had felt from the half-orc earlier.
The feeling that would only arise due to a great disparity in class rank.
The feeling of overwhelming strength.
The feeling… of the Sage of Erudition's rage.
"Though I had yet to acclimate to my newfound power as a Rank 6 class holder, I went ahead and began my retaliation by reducing the number of enemies I fought against." Letting out a low sigh, the overwhelming aura An'xhur emanated gradually weakened, though the feeling of immense strength his body contained still remained.
"Without hesitation, I allocated all of the unused XP I had at that point towards increasing my level, hoping to buy myself some more time before I succumbed to the poison, as well as give me more strength to ensure that my foes would perish from my wrath."
"Of course, after taking the initiative in taking me down, my half-sibling and his 'lackeys' did not dare to dawdle around. Seeing as they were left with no choice but to ensure that I died, all of them unleashed their strongest attacks at me, with my half-sibling acting as a commander to coordinate the others."
"Unfortunately, they underestimated how strong a newly ascended Myth was, especially one that was desperate to get back at his assailants." Surprisingly, An'xhur had infused a bit of his energy into the sphere, showing Valyr a few images regarding how the half-orc's retaliation unfolded.
From what he could see through the sphere, the battle An'xhur had gotten himself into placed him at a great disadvantage. Not only were there ten people who sought to end his life no matter what, but they had also achieved the peak of Rank 5, with some even being considered Epics.
However, just as Valyr was about to ask An'xhur how many of the ten he had dragged with him to the afterlife, the images on the sphere shifted to another portion of the scene, with An'xhur flashing a somewhat proud smile while Valyr was left at a slight loss for words at what he saw.
"With a few punches towards the ground, combined with my newfound control over the world with a Concept, I had eliminated almost all of my assailants with a single move," said An'xhur, briefly glancing at Valyr. "Those who were most affected by it were those who had only reached the peak of Rank 5, turning into blood vapor just from my first punch."
"After that were those who had achieved a higher level of power, the Epics," he continued. "Though they lasted a bit longer compared to the ones at the peak of Rank 5, they were still rendered dead by the time I had landed my third punch. At that time, I made sure the wrath I felt towards them was channeled entirely through my attacks."
"Eventually, only one remained standing among the ten." Saying these words, An'xhur had a grim expression on his face. "My half-sibling."
"To this day, I have no clue as to how he could endure wave after wave of attack I had sent his way." The half-orc deeply sighed. "Nevertheless, because of that, he was able to inflict more attacks on my body with the weapon."
Swoosh!
Finished with his narration, the sphere separating the two dissipated into thin air, allowing An'xhur and Valyr to look at each other face-to-face. With a solemn expression, Valyr processed everything the half-orc had said to him so far, waiting to see if the half-orc would tell him a bit more information.
"I pushed myself far beyond my limits just to ensure that I could land even more damage on him, just so he could realize how much pain he had inflicted to me." At these words, An'xhur tilted his head slightly downward. "Yet, no matter how many skills I threw at him, all I saw was a nefarious smile on his face. It was as if he was telling me through his smile that his plan was a success."
"Eventually, I gave up fighting back, instead asking him why he decided to betray me." As the half-orc said these words, he tightly clenched his fists, the anger within him bubbling as his half-sibling's response at that time lingered in his mind.
"There was a multitude of possible answers he could have said in response to my question, but never did I expect him to be so blunt."
"You know what he told me?" Asking this question, An'xhur looked at Valyr, the rage the man felt towards his current situation evident on the man's face.
"What did he say?" In response, a somewhat curious expression appeared on Valyr's face, though this expression swiftly turned into a frown once he heard An'xhur's response.
"I was in the way."
Chapter 400: Passing A Dark Torch

After An'xhur had said those words, silence enveloped the entire space, leaving both Valyr and the half-orc in their thoughts for a while as they both pondered over the situation An'xhur had narrated. By the time a couple of minutes had passed, An'xhur broke the silence as he let out a long and deep sigh while shaking his head with his head down.
"I really thought he had returned to how he was before we grew apart." With his head still down, An'xhur spoke in a despondent tone, lamenting over how much of a fool he was to believe in his half-sibling. "I really thought he had changed for the better after reuniting with me."
"But alas, that was all a facade to achieve his true goal." Once more, the half-orc let out a deep sigh. "To remove my existence. To ensure that there were no obstructions to his plan."
"To ensure that he would become the best candidate for the throne." Though Valyr already had an idea as to the reason why An'xhur's half-sibling had decided to betray him and kill him, he was still uncertain whether his ideas were true or not, considering that they were just deductions from the information the half-orc had given him.
However, now that he had heard the reason for the betrayal from the source, it was as if all of the pieces he had collected while listening to An'xhur's narration finally began to connect to one another, forming one massive image that allowed the young man to get to the crux of the matter.
"Though I had to relive quite a few uncomfortable memories, I take it that you now have a better idea of the situation?" Taking in a deep breath to compose himself, An'xhur's expression eventually returned to how it was before the narration, looking at Valyr as he posed a question to the latter.
"I do." Valyr nodded in response. "However, I still have a few doubts that need clarification from you."
"Hopefully it does not touch on some more uncomfortable memories." In response, An'xhur flashed a bitter smile. "In any case, I shall try my best to respond to your questions."
"Alright." Nodding in response to An'xhur's words, Valyr went silent for a bit as he thought about how he would phrase his first question. "So, if my understanding of it is correct, the gist of your narration is that you were killed by your half-sibling due to a political struggle you did not even actively take part in?"
"That… would be correct. Somewhat." Pondering over Valyr's question, An'xhur eventually nodded in agreement. "Though there were times where I thought my contributions on the orc race would lead to my eventual inheritance of the throne, it is true that I did not actively seek to inherit the throne."
"If anything, my half-sibling had deluded himself into thinking that I was doing it for the throne in the first place," said An'xhur, only to correct himself soon after. "Then again, there is reason to his train of thought, considering that I had done those feats earlier with the goal of making my parents happy, which had something to do with me aiming to become the eventual heir of the throne."
"Either way, the original reason gradually disappeared with time, instead being replaced with just wanting to make the orc race better." Finishing his response, An'xhur briefly shrugged his shoulders, prompting Valyr to proceed to his next question.
"After you uh… perished due to your half-sibling's actions, what happened to you after that?" As these words left Valyr's mouth, he looked at the man with a serious expression. "Considering that you're from the Khagarax Empire, it would make no sense for your soul to be within human territory, especially with the distance that separates the two."
As far as Valyr knew, once one ascended to their Rank 6 class, one would be able to do even more things that would be unheard of for those at the lower ranks, such as separating one's soul from one's body even while one was alive.
Of course, not a lot of people utilized this newfound power at Rank 6, considering how one's soul at this point still lacked reinforcement. Instead, it would only be used by those who had refined their soul to greater levels, which would only become common for those at class ranks higher than Rank 6.
However, the newfound power did give newly ascended Myths access to something that was impossible for even Legends to do.
Possession.
If one were to die at Rank 6 and above, rather than both body and soul perishing to the afterlife, only one's body would cease to exist, with the soul separating itself in order to find a new body to take over and be reborn anew. Unfortunately, not all bodies were compatible with the soul, with the latter having to make sure that one would achieve near, if not perfect compatibility with the body to ensure all of one's power would be restored.
With that in mind, Valyr found it odd for An'xhur's soul to be in human territory. Though, he found it more odd that the half-orc had not found a suitable body to take over, especially with how much time had passed since the man had established the trial. "If anything, your soul should have perished by now due to the passage of time."
"That is true." An'xhur nodded before pondering over Valyr's question for a bit. "Even I have no clue how my soul still continues to remain standing even after I had traversed a great distance and endured the great passage of time."
"Well… I guess you could think of it this way. Seeking revenge towards my half-sibling's act of betrayal is the only thing that's still keeping me connected to this world." As these words left An'xhur's mouth, a wry smile appeared on his face. "I may not know why that is the case, but I have a strong feeling that's why I'm still here."
"Kind of ironic for a sage to say, right?" An'xhur let out a brief chuckle.
"I'd say it's to be expected," replied Valyr back, letting out a chuckle of his own soon after.
"Well, I've definitely expended far more energy than I thought I would during this meeting with you." Taking in a deep breath, An'xhur looked at Valyr with a calm expression. "At this point, I could safely assume that you more or less understand my current situation, right?"
"I do." Valyr nodded.
"Then… would you be willing to accept to take on the torch that I shall pass onto you?" As An'xhur said these words, a screen appeared in front of his field of vision, interacting with it a bit soon after. "At your current level of strength, this torch is undoubtedly fraught with danger, but I am left with no choice."
"However, if you manage to survive through all of the ordeals and emerge victorious, not only will you have fulfilled my final wish, but I'm certain you would have also grown to become an exemplary being the world would definitely not ignore." As the half-orc continued to interact with the screen before him for a bit more, An'xhur's expression turned solemn as he asked Valyr one last time.
"Once more, I shall ask you."
"Are you willing to accept the torch I shall pass onto you? This dark torch that seeks nothing but vengeance?"
"With how much I know about your current situation, it would be difficult if I were to refuse." In response, a slight bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face. "If anything, you could say that I am left with no choice but to accept."
"With that, I guess my answer is a yes."
"Well, I'm glad to hear you say that."
Ding!
[You have received a main quest: The Will of An'xhur.]
Chapter 402: A Gift For The Journey
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
While An'xhur was still left wondering what Valyr meant by his response after the former mentioned his half-sibling's name, the latter inwardly let out a long sigh in response to his new undertaking.
A massive undertaking that he had never even expected to obtain in the first place.
'I guess obtaining this quest this early on has its upsides.' Continuing to ponder over the quest he had received, Valyr thought about how he would be able to use the main quest to his advantage in regards to his plans in the future. 'For one, I would be able to reap a ton of rewards that would allow me to cement my position as a renowned being if I were to be successful. From how An'xhur had introduced his achievements thus far, it wouldn't be far-fetched to say that I would become the new Sage of Erudition, considering how I would inherit his Legacy.'
'Then again, if I fail, an incredibly brutal penalty even players would avoid like no tomorrow awaits me.' Recalling the list of penalties he had seen at the end of quest's description, Valyr slightly shuddered in fear, not wanting to imagine his plight if he indeed were to fail the main quest. 'Not only that, but failing it would result in great repercussions, such as the orc race's offensive against human settlements continuing to worsen.'
'However, if I were to take into consideration the story line during the first version back when I was a player, failing would be the better option.' Finding himself stuck weighing the pros and cons regarding what he was going to do in response to the main quest, Valyr scratched the back of his head. 'On the other hand, successfully completing the quest would certainly change the story line for the first version.'
'But why should I be afraid of causing another change to happen? After all, if I didn't change anything, I wouldn't even be talking with someone like An'xhur right now.' Eventually, he came to the conclusion that what he was already doing was the ideal solution to what he would have to face in the future. As to what this solution was…
It was to go with the flow.
"Hello? Are you still with me?" Coincidentally, at the very moment Valyr had finished mulling over his new situation, An'xhur's curiosity regarding the young man's silence had reached its peak, causing him to snap his fingers as he called for Valyr's attention.
"I am." In response, Valyr nodded. "My apologies. I was just pondering to myself what tasks I would have to accomplish first before I could even get a shot at completing the task you've given me."
'And I mean it,' muttered Valyr inwardly not long after. 'Attempting to kill Khorza'an is no joke.'
Regarded as one of the most important causes for the eruption of the War of the Three Sovereignties, Emperor Khorza'an not only had the authority over the entire orc race to instigate such a war against the two other ruling races of Veldanyr, he also had more than enough strength to protect himself even when the war was at its peak.
After all, who on Veldanyr would be able to kill a Rank 7 class holder that easily?
'Even with my current class, I'll only have a slim chance of succeeding at killing him once I become a Legend,' Valyr thought to himself as he pondered over his chances of winning against such a powerful foe. 'But of course, killing him would become an afterthought as long as I become a Myth.'
'In any case, I guess I have more work cut out for me.' As this thought lingered, Valyr let out a faint sigh. 'The Four Pillars' Inheritance, the World Quest regarding the Zeihardt clan, and now the main quest involving plans to kill the emperor of the orc race.'
"At the very least, I won't be bored out of my mind while I wait for the players to start trickling in." Muttering out these words to where only he could hear it, Valyr let out a soft chuckle that contained a faint hint of the excitement he felt for what was about to come.
"Hmm…" With Valyr's response to his earlier question still lingering in his mind, An'xhur considered Valyr's chances of succeeding in completing the task he had given him, going so far as to take his half-sibling's strength before his death and Valyr's current strength into account.
For a while, An'xhur gazed at Valyr in silence, causing the latter to faintly shudder as he felt that the entirety of his body and soul was being scoured by the half-orc currently gazing at him. Thankfully, this feeling did not last for long, with the half-orc taking in a deep breath as he looked at the young man in the eye.
"You definitely have high potential, Valyr," said An'xhur. "However, I am not saying this due to your identity as a Herald of the Zeihardt clan. I only say this with confidence after taking your class into consideration, as well as the peculiar curse you currently have."
"In fact, I am incredibly curious as to how you had gotten that peculiar curse of yours in the first place." At these words, An'xhur's eyes were wide open, giving Valyr the feeling that the former was gazing at him, yet at the same time gazing past him.
Though, noticing how uncomfortable Valyr felt due to his stare, the half-orc swiftly retracted his gaze before composing himself. "Either way, after mulling over it for quite a bit, I must say that I feel a considerable amount of guilt at the fact that I had placed a great burden on you."
"A burden that would be impossible to remove with your current strength."
"Thus, I've decided to aid you out a bit in that regard."
Whoosh!
Manifesting a small ball of mana above his palm, An'xhur allowed the ball to hover before flicking it towards Valyr, passing through the latter's forehead as an influx of information surged through the young man's mind.
"This is something I've created back then while I was still wholly focused on formulating the orc race's unique magic system. Though it is ultimately something I've created in passing after talking with a few human summoners, I suppose you would be able to make great use of it at your level, especially with that peculiar curse you have."
"Perhaps, you might even be able to take it to further heights."
Ding!
"Only time will tell in that regard."
[You have gained the active skill 'Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts'.]
Chapter 403: A Half-Orc’s Hopes
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
While a notification sound resounded in his mind, the influx of information An'xhur sent to Valyr's mind gave the latter the feeling that he was listening to multiple voices speaking to him all at once in various languages.
Because of this, the voices sounded like a garbled mess to the young man, causing him to understand what they were trying to tell him through what he felt from the voices instead.
Within seconds after changing his perspective into the matter, Valyr fell into a trance, allowing him to absorb more and more information from the voices even though he could not understand a single word they spoke.
Gradually, a foundation for a unique set of knowledge formed within his mind, which Valyr noted was similar to the magic system the human race used, but still different in a way that it attuned itself to the forces and elements of nature.
Something that would make more sense for an elf to have rather than an orc to have.
Nevertheless, the voices in his mind eventually died down, allowing Valyr to take a look at what the half-orc had given him by commanding the system to bring up his notification screen.
'A summoning skill.' At the very instant Valyr had read the phrase 'Summoning Arts' attached to the name of the skill, his eyes lit up in excitement, prompting him to bring up the skill's description to get a better idea of how the skill worked, as well as how strong it was when compared to other summoning skills.
'This…' Due to how the skill had something to do with the Sage of Erudition, it did not come as a surprise that Valyr's excitement increased even further once he read what the skill could do. 'If this is what the skill is capable of… I don't really need to head to the Boundless Skill Pavilion anymore.'
'Then again, it wouldn't hurt to pick at least one up as a reference skill.' Once he was done reading through the description of his newly obtained skill, Valyr took in a few deep breaths to calm his emotions down, closing the screen in front of him before letting out a faint sigh of satisfaction.
"Though I am uncertain whether I would be able to use this aid you've given me to the fullest, I sincerely appreciate the generosity." Looking at An'xhur, Valyr flashed a grateful smile to the half-orc before giving the man a brief yet respectful bow. "Nevertheless, I am certain that it would definitely serve a great purpose in my journey to fulfill the task you've asked of me."
"Hopefully, that is indeed the case." In response, An'xhur let out a chuckle, the feeling he gave Valyr at the moment now contained a hint of ease and happiness amidst the death-filled aura he still emitted.
"Mngh…" A few seconds later, the half-orc's body flickered in and out of existence for a bit, causing Valyr to have an expression of concern on his face as he had a feeling he knew why An'xhur started to flicker all of a sudden. Fortunately, the flickering did not last for too long, with the half-orc returning to its appearance around half a minute later.
"It seems I've pushed this remaining fragment of mine to its utmost limits." An'xhur looked at Valyr with a bitter smile. "I guess now is the time for us to part ways. It would serve no good for you to stay here, especially once I run out of energy to maintain this place."
"I'll definitely try my best to fulfill your task." Feeling that he would escorted out of the white space soon, Valyr decided to reaffirm An'xhur's trust in him, which caused a slight grin to appear on the latter's face.
"I'm sure you will," said An'xhur, laughing a bit. "Speaking of which, before I send you out of this place, I must inform you now that I would only be able to create this white space one more time."
"I hope that at that time, you would discuss how you were successful in your endeavors."
"I'll try my best to do so."
"Alright." Nodding in response to Valyr's words, An'xhur took in a deep breath as the white space surrounding them began to shake. "As long as I am frugal in my energy expenditure, I would be to last for a few more years."
"Farewell for now, Valyr," said An'xhur. "And I hope to see you later."
"Likewise." In response, Valyr nodded before flashing a confident smile at the half-orc, only to disappear from An'xhur's sight as the white space finally collapsed.
…
Whoosh!
"And… I'm back." Appearing at the entrance of the Rare Abyss, Valyr stood in place for a bit to assess his surroundings, making sure that he had returned to the dungeons. After pinching himself a couple of times to ascertain that he had indeed returned to reality, a bitter smile soon appeared on his face as he took a look at the clear blue sky.
"Already next morning, huh." As these words left Valyr's mouth, the young man instantly felt a strong wave of sleepiness wash over his body, prompting him to leave the premises as he zoomed past a group of people that wanted to enter the dungeons. At that moment, the only thought in his mind was to get some rest before making any further decisions.
Thankfully, even though his eyes were already half-shut at that point, Valyr was still able to return to the outpost, heading straight to the inn to rent a room that he instantly entered to get some shuteye.
It was only by the time the sun had reached its zenith did Valyr return to the waking world, sitting by the edge of the bed for some time to allow his consciousness to return to its previous state before his long-needed slumber.
"Do I still need anything from the dungeons?" Scratching the back of his head as he recalled the number of Skill Keys he had amassed through his three dungeon runs, Valyr obtained the answer to his question a few seconds later, prompting him to stand up before taking in a deep breath.
"Well then. Since I've already obtained all of the Skill Keys I would need to evolve all of my skills…"
"I suppose it's time for me to finally go and head back."
Chapter 404: Returning To The Grind
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Whoosh!
"Welcome back to the Blacksmith Guild's Algerie Kingdom branch, sir." Though he was gradually getting more and more used to the feeling that accompanied teleportation constructs, Valyr still felt a bit lightheaded a few seconds after he had appeared within the Blacksmith Guild's Teleportation Hall, standing in place for a bit to let the dizziness subside.
"Thanks." Once he was certain the dizziness he felt had disappeared, the young man went ahead and thanked the person who had greeted him, giving the token Julian had given him just before he teleported to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains to the latter.
"Would you mind telling the Guildmaster that I have returned?" Receiving the token from Valyr, the person that greeted him gave the young man a respectful bow in response before proceeding to exit the room. However, just as the latter was only a few steps away from fully leaving, Valyr stopped the man in his tracks, asking the person to do him a favor.
"I'll make sure to relay your concerns, sir." Seeing as Valyr only wanted him to relay a message, the man did not mind doing it, faintly nodding at Valyr in response before leaving with the token.
"Haah." Gazing at the man's silhouette as it eventually disappeared from his field of vision, Valyr made his way out of the Teleportation Hall, deciding to roam the corridors in the meantime as he waited for the man's response to his favor.
While doing so, he pondered over the other tasks he had yet to finish, causing him to let out a long sigh as he realized that there was now a lot more things for him to do than he realized.
"There's not much point in overthinking it." Scratching the back of his head as he wondered how he was going to go about doing all of them, Valyr took in a few deep breaths to calm himself down, realizing that he was feeling a bit overwhelmed with how much there was on his plate. "Step by step, Valyr. Step by step."
"Order your tasks by how long their deadlines are at the moment and work from there." Muttering these words to himself, the young man continued to roam the corridors as the gears in his mind continued to turn. "My current plan aside, I would have to talk with Elder Noel first regarding my decision on whether to kill a Shadow Serpent or not."
"After that, I would have to head back to Anadhar City to obtain the next part of Jekyll's legacy." Recalling his interaction with Jekyll, a bitter smile appeared on Valyr's face. "Then, there's the small tournament that would happen amongst the four candidates for the inheritance, and then the inheritance itself a week after that."
"There's also the World Quest and the Main Quest, but with how their deadlines are still pretty far away when compared to the other tasks I have, I could work on them while doing the others." Feeling a bit more at ease after collecting his thoughts regarding his approach towards the tasks he had still yet to finish, Valyr continued to roam the Blacksmith Guild's corridors for a bit more, only to stop at the main hall after being told that his presence was needed in front of the Guildmaster.
…
"Back so soon, no?" Appearing within Julian's personal workshop once more, Valyr watched as the man repeatedly swung his hammer on the piece of equipment he was working on, hammering out the imperfections on it that the young man could only see through [Gambler's Discerning Eyes].
"So, I take it that you returned to the kingdom since the dungeons are too hard?" Satisfied with the progress he had made, Julian placed the hammer to the side as he posed a question to Valyr, chuckling not long after.
"Remember how I said I'd try my best to get all the keys I needed in one?" As he pondered over making a personal forging hammer to use in his future crafts, Valyr responded to the man's question with a slight grin, taking out a certain something from his spatial bracelet soon after.
Whoosh!
"Well, here's that Uncommon grade Skill Key I owed you." Letting out a bit of laughter of his own, Valyr gave the Uncommon grade Skill Key he took out to Julian, leaving the latter at a slight loss for words as he stared at the young man for a bit.
"You're full of surprises, you know that?" Eventually, Julian let out a cackle as he patted Valyr on the shoulder. "Not only are you able to forge an Epic grade armor set on your own, you're even able to clear the dungeons of the Lesser Meltierre Mountains in one day."
"I take it you only entered the first two?" asked Julian for clarification, causing a proud smile to appear on Valyr's face in response.
"Why would I stop there if I have the strength to clear the Rare Abyss?" Valyr chuckled. "Then again, that demilich at the final room posed quite a bit of a challenge to me."
"You even defeated the demilich?" At that point, Julian could not stop himself from letting out a loud cackle, with it instantly becoming the only thing that could be heard from his workshop. "Since that's the case, I think you have a shot at taking the leader position for the inheritance."
"Talks of your journey in the Lesser Meltierre Mountains aside, what do you plan on doing before the tournament and the inheritance?"
"Well, I'll definitely have to make a stop at the Spearman Guild to talk with Elder Noel." Listening to Julian's question, it did not take long for Valyr to respond, considering that he had been thinking about it while waiting for the middle-aged man to call him. "Speaking of which, did he respond back after you gave him a heads-up of my whereabouts?"
"He didn't say much, but he did say that he was wishing for your safe return," said Julian in response, which unsurprisingly caused Valyr's impression of the elder to improve.
"Anything else?"
"Well, seeing as I now have the keys to evolve my skills, I now need to obtain an obscene amount of XP to go along with it."
"Already got a place in mind?" Julian looked at Valyr with a slightly curious expression. "If you don't, I have a few spots that I could recommend to you."
"Though I already have a place in mind, I definitely don't mind listening to your recommendations." Valyr smiled in response. "Anyways…"
"Do you know how to get to the Akashic Battlefield?"
Chapter 405: Postponing The Grind
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"The Akashic Battlefield…" Hearing Valyr mention such a place, a frown swiftly crept up onto Julian's lips as he went silent. In response, the young man slightly tilted his head in confusion, wondering if there was anything about the Akashic Battlefield or his request that made the man before him frown.
"Is there anything wrong with my request?"
"No, that's not it." Julian shook his head. "I could give you the directions to the Akashic Battlefield no problem. It's just that…"
"There's something going on in the Akashic Battlefield?" Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity as he posed the question to the man, only for his curiosity to intensify once Julian nodded in response.
"Though it would be more apt to say that we're just preparing for the worst case scenario, the Akashic Battlefield isn't really a good place to enter for the meantime, even with the level of strength you wield at your current rank." At those words, Valyr went silent, wanting to know what the other side meant by what he said.
Fortunately, Julian had picked up on what Valyr wanted him to do, prompting him to faintly nod as he continued where he left off. "Well, if I'm being honest here, the Akashic Battlefield is still running the same way it used to run all this time, being accessible to those who wish to gain a lot of XP alongside combat experience."
"However, the problem has something to do with the orc outbreak the kingdom is currently trying to push back." Saying these words, Julian picked up his forging hammer before proceeding to hammer out a few more of the imperfections he could find on the equipment he was working on. With a slight frown on his face, he then chucked the equipment into the furnace before him, giving it time to become more malleable.
"Since the orcs could not push through the point where their offensive first began, a considerable portion of the orcs decided to separate from the main group, heading to other points in the kingdom that would give them a greater chance at success." Turning around to look at Valyr, Julian adorned a solemn expression. "One of those points would be the northwest section of the kingdom."
Noticing that Valyr squinted his eyes in slight confusion while his eyebrows remained raised, Julian decided to elaborate on his explanation a bit more. "The strongest defensive lines of the kingdom could be found within the four cardinal directions. North, south, east, and west. In fact, the orcs choosing to strike the east defensive line for their first offensive is one of the main reasons why the orcs haven't been successful in infiltrating the kingdom yet."
"However, the same could not be said for the directions between the four cardinal ones." Briefly flashing a bitter smile at Valyr, Julian took out the equipment he chucked into the furnace earlier, placing it on his anvil not long after. After that, he swung his hammer a couple of times to remove the imperfections that were made obvious through heating the equipment, causing him to faintly nod in satisfaction.
"Where was I? Oh, right." Feeling like he had more or less removed all of the imperfections that were on the equipment he was working on, Julian gave the equipment time to cool down as he continued where he left Valyr off in his explanation. "Compared to the defensive lines on the four cardinal directions, you could say that the defensive lines on the ordinal directions are only there to serve as a deterrent for those with ill intentions."
"Of course, due to the orc outbreak, the kingdom has doubled down its efforts in fortifying all of the kingdom's defensive lines, starting their reinforcement plan with the defensive lines in the ordinal directions," said Julian, only to ask the young man after if he was still listening. Obtaining a nod from Valyr in response, Julian nodded back as he continued.
"At the moment, the southeast and southwest defensive lines are more or less on the same level of defensive prowess as the cardinal defensive lines, while the northwest and northeast defensive lines still have a ways to go before reaching that same level."
"The orcs won't attack the northeast defensive line since it's in close proximity to the east defensive line." Julian let out a faint sigh. "If they did decide to attack it, the forces from the east defensive line would just send reinforcements to the northeast defensive line."
"In other words, nothing significant would happen."
"However, if they were to attack the northwest defensive line, then there's a chance that something different would happen." At these words, Julian looked at Valyr in the eyes. "Though the north and west defensive line have already gotten a heads-up regarding the orc outbreak to the east, they still think that the outbreak would be contained in the east side at most."
"Aside from that, a great portion of the noble authorities within the kingdom thought the same way as well, only sending a few patrols to the northwest defensive line at most as a show of compromise to those who believed the orcs would attack the northwest defensive line." Julian let out yet another sigh as he shook his head. "An incredibly stupid decision to make if you'd ask me."
"In any case, that's pretty much the reason why I don't advise you to head to the Akashic Battlefield in the meantime," said Julian in conclusion, taking in a deep breath after having to speak for so long. "Though… I guess it would be fine if I were to have someone accompany you to the Akashic Battlefield. After all, what I've told you so far is more or less speculation on my end."
"Is that fine with you, though?" asked Valyr in response, to which Julian shrugged his shoulders.
"I wouldn't be able to have someone accompany you right now," replied Julian. "However, if you're fine with postponing your session in the Akashic Battlefield to tomorrow, then I can probably arrange someone to escort you."
"I mean… I'm not really in a rush." In response, Valyr shrugged his shoulders, not minding the delay. "I'll just do the other tasks I have yet to finish in the meantime."
"Speaking of which…"
"Do you know if Elder Noel is currently in the Spearman Guild?"
Chapter 406: Meeting Noel Once Again
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"Is this about the question from him that you've yet to answer?" Asking this question in response to Valyr's question to him, Julian obtained a nod from the young man soon after, prompting him to rub his chin for a bit as he tried to recall where the old man was.
"As far as I can remember, he's been staying in the Spearman Guild for the past few days," said Julian to Valyr after he was done pondering. "Usually, he would be in a secluded area only elders of the Spearman Guild would have access to, only heading to the Spearman Guild's building every once in a while whenever he was bored."
At those words, it did not take long for Valyr to put two and two together in his mind after listening to Julian's response, biting on his lip as he slightly frowned. Though he was uncertain for it to be the case, he had a strong feeling that the reason why the elder had been loitering around the Spearman Guild for the past few days…
…was to wait for his return.
"I'll keep that in mind, thank you." Letting out a low sigh, Valyr went ahead and told Julian that he would head to the Spearman Guild for now, to which the latter responded with a nod.
Then, just as Valyr was only a few steps away from leaving Julian's personal workshop, the latter reminded Valyr to return to the Blacksmith Guild tomorrow, telling him that he would probably have found someone that would accompany him to the Akashic Battlefield.
Committing the man's words to memory, it was only then did Valyr finally leave the premises, swiftly making his way out of the Blacksmith Guild to head to the Spearman Guild.
After all, more than three days had already passed since Elder Noel asked him that question.
…
"Hello there." Just before he arrived at the Spearman Guild, Valyr reconfigured his current appearance through [Enhanced Polymorph], changing it to his appearance back when he had met the elder for the first time. Finding a counter that had no queue, Valyr made a beeline to it as he posed a question to the attendant on the other side. "Could I know if Elder Noel is here at the moment?"
"Give me a few moments, sir." Fortunately, rather than ask questions regarding the reason for Valyr wanting to meet up with such an important person within the Spearman Guild, the attendant felt then and there that sticking her nose into where it didn't belong would be an utterly stupid decision on her part, especially since it had something with one of the elders of the Spearman Guild.
With that, the attendant brought out a thin tablet and interacted with it for a bit, infusing some of her mana into it in the process. Eventually, the woman placed the tablet down as she looked at Valyr with a slightly curious expression. "Would it be possible to obtain your name, sir? I've obtained a message from the guild that Elder Noel has been waiting for a certain person these past few days."
Feeling a bit of pain from the feeling that he had inadvertently made someone wait for him, Valyr thought to himself that he would apologize to the elder once he had met up with him. "Would the name of that person be Ylvar by any chance?"
"Yes." The attendant nodded in response. "In that case, that Ylvar would be you, sir?"
"Indeed." Valyr nodded, prompting the attendant to nod once more as she left the counter, appearing before the young man not long after.
"Follow me, sir. I'll lead you to where the elder is currently staying at the moment." In response to the woman's words, Valyr merely nodded as he followed the woman to where she went, with the two arriving in front of a clean yet exquisite-looking wooden door sometime later.
Knock. Knock. Knock.
"Who is it?" In response to the attendant's knocking on the door, a voice familiar to Valyr resounded from the other side.
"I have brought the person you've been wanting to meet, First Elder." As the woman said these words, silence was the only thing that could be heard from the other side for the meantime. However, at some point, the familiar voice resounded once more.
"Alright. You may take your leave."
"Thank you, First Elder." Doing a respectful bow before the wooden door, the attendant turned to look at Valyr for a bit before proceeding to respectfully bow in front of the young man as well.
Remaining silent, Valyr watched as the attendant's silhouette gradually left his field of vision, focusing his attention on the door before him soon after.
"Would it be fine for me to come in, Elder Noel?" Asking this question as he remained standing before the door, Valyr waited for a response from the other side, faintly nodding once he did.
"You may."
Taking in a deep breath, Valyr went ahead and opened the door, only to be slightly left at a loss for words once he was greeted by the sight of the room's interior.
In his mind, he thought that the elder was staying in a room that only had the bare minimum amenities, getting the feeling that the old man liked to live a simple life from his interaction with him back then. However, what he saw before him was the exact opposite of that, with the amenities in the room being as extravagant, if not more extravagant than the amenities in the inn he and Wells were staying in.
'There's even a mana-powered air conditioner…' While looking at the available amenities, he eventually noticed how there was a small magic circle at the upper portion of one of the walls, constantly blasting a breeze of cold air throughout the room.
"So, how was your small journey to the Lesser Meltierre Mountains, Ylvar?" Lying down on a soft bed all this time, it was only when Noel asked this question did he stand up to get a better look at the man.
"Fortunately, I've accomplished everything that I needed to do in that place," said Valyr in response, twiddling his thumbs as he felt a hint of awkwardness between them. "Also… I would like to apologize for making you wait."
"At the very least, you know how to feel guilt." Surprisingly, just as Valyr said those words, the awkwardness surrounding the two of them instantly disappeared, with Noel flashing a brief smile at the young man as he said, "In any case, I don't mind it too much. I've consider these past few days a change of pace from what I usually do."
"Aside from that, if I were in your place, even I would do all I could to enhance my strength as much as possible."
"Especially if it's for something like the Four Pillars' Inheritance."
"Isn't that right, Valyr?"
Chapter 407: A Show Of Determination
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
In response to Noel mentioning his true name, Valyr remained silent for a while as a solemn expression on his face. Then, after staring at the old man for a bit, he went ahead and posed a question to the man, a question that lingered in his mind after hearing Noel's words. "Did the head of the Blacksmith Guild inform you?"
"Oh, none of the sort." Hearing Valyr's question, Noel let out a chuckle, which the former found somewhat odd. "The leader of the Blacksmith Guild only sent me a heads-up regarding your whereabouts, which I should tell you once more that I appreciate you doing that."
"In any case, finding out your identity was just a matter of reading between the lines, some cross-referencing, a few educated guesses…"
"And from what I realized after what I just did, a little bit of luck." Whilst Noel let out yet another chuckle, Valyr inwardly admonished himself as it did not take long for him to realize what Noel meant by his words. Nevertheless, his expression more or less remained the same, with the only hint Noel could see on the young man's face that the latter was thinking about it was the faint traces of a frown on the corners of Valyr's face.
'In other words, Noel would've still thought of me as a different person if I did not ask him outright as to whether or not Julian mentioned my true identity to him.' As this thought lingered in his mind, Valyr inwardly let out a long sigh. 'Then again, with how the question I asked him was the final push he needed to confirm my identity, even if I didn't tell him anything of the sort, he still would've doubted my identity as Ylvar.'
"With how you're still silent after my statements, I can safely assume that I'm indeed talking to Valyr, right?" As Noel asked this question, hoping that the young man before him would give him the answer he wanted, Valyr looked at the old man as he continued to remain silent, pondering whether or not he should respond truthfully to the matter.
'Haah…' Eventually, since he still felt a hint of guilt at how he had made the old man wait for him for a time far longer than three days, Valyr decided to acquiesce to the man's wishes, disabling a portion of his disguise to allow Noel to get a look at his true face.
"Now that's quite surprising." Slightly taken aback by how Valyr disguised himself, Noel let out a faint chuckle before nodding, telling the former that he could fully activate his disguise again. "If I weren't focusing all of my attention on you, I wouldn't have even noticed the disguise and thought you were another person altogether."
"In any case, before I continue with my questioning, does anyone else aside from Julian know that you are currently within this kingdom?" Hearing this question escape Noel's mouth, Valyr flashed a bitter smile at the man before nodding.
"Well, there's you." In response, Valyr decided to take a jab at how Noel had figured out his identity through luck, causing the latter to let out a bit of laughter whilst the former had a bitter smile on his face. "Aside from that, there's the elders from the Imperial Production Guild's Ancestral Hall, a few people from the Imperial Production Guild's reconnaissance team, and a friend that I had brought along with me when I came here."
"Could I ask if your friend is affiliated with any organization or noble clan?" Nodding after Valyr was finished enumerating the people within the kingdom that knew of his true identity, Noel posed yet another question to the young man.
"We used to be part of the same guard regiment in a faraway village," said Valyr in response. "But other than that, he's the son of Anadhar City's mayor if I remember correctly."
"A fledgling noble family, then." In response to Valyr's words, Noel nodded, letting out a sigh of relief soon after. "Fortunately, all of those who know of your identity at the moment have connections to the Zeihardt clan's supportive faction, may they be distant or close."
"If even one of those who know of your identity is connected to the rebel faction, I'm certain that you wouldn't even be able to stand here before me at this moment."
"Of course, I'm also affiliated with the supportive faction. In fact, the Spearman Guild is one of the combat class guilds that's affiliated with your clan's supportive faction." Realizing that he had insinuated to Valyr with his words that there was a chance that he was affiliated with the rebel faction, Noel quickly clarified to the young man that he was not, having to prove himself for quite some time before the young man's doubts gradually disappeared.
"So, is there any significant reason as to why you wanted to ascertain my true identity, Elder Noel?" Letting out a faint sigh, Valyr looked at Noel as he asked the man a question, only for a blank expression to appear on his face as the latter swiftly shook his head with a slight grin.
"Purely to satiate my curiosity," said Noel in response. Though, after pondering over the question for a bit more, he gave the young man a genuine smile as he told him, "And I guess to take delight in the fact that I'm teaching a Herald of the Zeihardt clan the subclass I've put most, if not all of my efforts into."
"Your identity and my reasons for asking aside, you came to meet me to tell me your answer to my question some time ago, right?"
"That would be correct." Seeing as Noel pushed the matter aside for the meantime, Valyr went ahead and did so as well, nodding in response.
"Alright." Nodding back at Valyr, Noel took in a deep breath before deciding to repeat the question he had asked the young man almost a week earlier. "Among the three options you have to improve your Shadow Energy, are you still adamant on killing a Shadow Serpent to improve it?"
"Remember that you still have a long life ahead of you, even if we take in your identity and your preparation for the inheritance in consideration."
For a while, the gears in Valyr's mind turned as he thought about the question once more. Eventually, a thought surfaced in his mind, prompting the doubts in his mind to disappear as a confident smile soon appeared on his face.
"You mentioned back then that a Rank 3 class holder would have no difficulty slaying a Shadow Serpent, right?" As Valyr asked Noel this question, the latter raised his eyebrow in curiosity as he nodded in response.
"Yes? What about it?"
Whoosh!
"Since that's the case…"
Chapter 408: The Shadow Plane
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Feeling the billowing aura Valyr emanated as the young man released the entirety of his aura for the old man to sense, Noel was left at a slight loss for words as he recalled that the young man only had the ability to go toe-to-toe against Rank 2 class holders almost a week ago. With that in mind, he began to wonder to himself as to how the young man was able to increase his strength so dramatically in such a short span.
"Do you mind if I use [Analysis] on you for a bit?" Wanting to know the answer to this question himself, Noel decided to ask Valyr for permission in having his strength be identified. In response, the young man retracted his aura before nodding, telling the elder that he would appreciate it if he only looked at his status screen.
"Don't worry. That was my intention to begin with." Reassuring Valyr that he would only look through the young man's status screen, Noel soon went ahead and activated his identification skill on Valyr, causing a faint dark blue haze to cover the man's eyes as Valyr felt that the old man in front of him could see right through him.
"[Superior Analysis]."
Whoosh!
Not even a second after Noel had activated his identification skill, a screen containing a great amount of detail regarding Valyr's status screen appeared in front of the elder's field of vision, prompting the haze surrounding his eyes to disappear as he focused his attention to the screen before him.
"That explains everything…" Unsurprisingly, Noel was once more left at a loss for words as he took a look at Valyr's stats, most of which were only possible for one to achieve at a considerably higher level than what the young man had at the moment.
Of course, it did not take long for Noel to deduce how the young man's stats had reached such a level, factoring in the young man's class, the subclass he had given him, as well as the set of equipment the young man was wearing at the moment, with the equipment Valyr wore giving him the feeling that it had become one with the man.
"Haah." Letting out a low sigh as he closed the screen before him, Noel looked at Valyr before asking the latter a question. "You definitely have the strength of a Rank 3 class holder according to your stats, that's for sure."
"But have you tried fighting against a foe at Rank 3 before?" Asking this question, the elder was incredibly certain that the man before him would have only fought against those at the peak of his current class rank at most, basically utilizing his superior strength to defeat weaker enemies.
However, rather than respond to Noel's question directly, Valyr instead asked the old man a question in response. "Before I respond to that question, have you gone through the three dungeons in the Lesser Meltierre Mountains before, Elder Noel?"
"The Skill Key dungeons in that region?" In response, Noel nodded. "I have. It's a good place to grind Common and Uncommon grade Skill Keys in, after all."
"Have you cleared the Rare Abyss, then?" Nodding in response to Noel's answer, Valyr threw another question at the former, to which the man responded with a nod.
"Since that's the case, you know of the demilich then." Expecting to have to nod once more at another question, Noel instead remained silent once he heard Valyr mention the final boss of the Rare Abyss dungeon.
Though the rooms that made up the entire dungeon was procedurally generated, the mini-bosses that one would have to fight against in the 5th, 10th, and 15th rooms were fixed, all of them being improved versions of the Skeleton Mages one would have to defeat during their run in order to proceed.
"I'm sure you've heard of the demilich, right?" Noticing that Noel had gone silent, a faint grin appeared on Valyr's face as he continued talking about the Rare Abyss' final boss. "Demilich Femur? Level 50? A Mythic Elite tier monster many would face difficulty against?"
"Alright, alright. I get it. You beat the demilich." Feeling that the young man before him was going to grow more annoying the longer he allowed him to speak, Noel decided to interrupt the young man from continuing, telling him that he already understood what he was hinting at. "And before you say I'm wrong, I can already infer that you beat the demilich without experiencing any difficulty. I did get to see your stats, after all."
"That more than proves that I have the combat experience to fight against a Shadow Serpent, right?" Deciding to make sure that he indeed had the qualifications to fight against the monster Noel thought would pose a difficulty to him, as well as wanting to annoy the old man one more time, Valyr posed yet another question to the old man.
"Yes, yes, yes." Pinching his forehead as he felt his blood start to boil for some apparent reason, Noel took in a few deep breaths to calm himself down before deciding to look at Valyr yet again. Seeing the young man smile at him in a slightly mocking manner, the elder let out a low sigh before proceeding to pull up a screen in front of him, interacting with it for a bit soon after.
Ding!
[You have received a subclass promotion quest: Returning to One's Roots.]
Hearing the ever familiar notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr went ahead and took a look at his notification screen, a slight grin adorning his face as he read that he had received a subclass promotion quest from Noel. However, just as he was about to take a look at its description to get a better idea of what he needed to do to complete it, the old man interrupted him from doing so.
"I'd suggest you save that for later," said Noel with a serious expression. "Since you're incredibly determined to kill a Shadow Serpent, we're now on a race against time."
Whoosh!
Taking in a deep breath, Noel called upon his connection with the Abyssal Energy he had access to thanks to his subclass before chanting a few words that sounded incomprehensible to Valyr, placing his hands on the ground not long after as he coursed the Abyssal Energy through it.
Swoosh!
Within seconds, a magic circle made out of Abyssal Energy appeared on the ground before Noel, prompting Valyr to remain silent as he watched runes made out of the same energy write itself on the edges of the magic circle, only for a rift to appear a couple dozen centimeters above the magic circle some time later.
Feeling his connection with Shadow Energy surprisingly become stronger the closer he was to the rift, Valyr shifted his gaze to Noel, who was already expecting the former to ask about the rift.
Clearing his throat, he explained. "In relation to the quest I've given you, we'll be heading to the place where Shadow Serpents are aplenty, considering that we'll be heading to the place where the energy we connect with originates from."
"Some call it the realm where darkness resides. Others say it's a place where all common sense breaks loose."
"But to us connected to the place's energy, it is only known…"
"…as the Shadow Plane."
Chapter 409: Returning To One’s Roots
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"The Shadow Plane…" Murmuring the name of the place Noel had mentioned to him, Valyr thought to himself how it was slightly absurd that evolving a couple skills to a higher grade was the only thing hindering him from gaining access to such a place that not many would have access to. With that, he felt a bit grateful that he had planned on taking the subclass he had wanted to get back then, feeling a bit of excitement and nervousness at the same time as he continued to stare at the dark rift before them.
Whoosh!
"Alright. It's stabilized." Letting out a deep sigh of relief, Noel released his hands off of the magic circle as the Abyssal Energy emanating from him gradually disappeared. Seeing as the rift remained where it was, he then took a look at Valyr, who was continuing to look at him all this time.
With that, he then gestured to the young man to head into the rift first, only to stop the latter just as he had taken a step forward.
"On second thought, I'll take the lead." Saying these words, Noel called upon his connection with Abyssal Energy once more, shrouding his entire body in a faint black haze as he soon headed into the rift, disappearing from Valyr's field of vision the very moment he stepped in.
Swoosh!
"So… should I head in?" Seeing as Noel had disappeared in front of him, Valyr scratched the back of his head for a bit, wondering whether to enter the rift or not due to how the old man had stopped him from doing so earlier. Fortunately, while he continued to remain standing, pondering over what to do, Noel's voice soon echoed from the rift.
"You better head in," said the elder in a slightly annoyed tone. "I didn't create a rift to the Shadow Plane just to waste my Abyssal Energy for no reason."
"However, make sure to steel yourself for what you're going to see on the other side." Leaving these parting words to the young man, Noel stayed silent after that, causing the young man to look at the rift for a bit as he decided to open up the description of the quest he had just received.
"Haah…" Letting out a low sigh as he closed the screen he had brought up, Valyr took in a deep breath before proceeding to move closer to the rift, eventually taking a step into it.
"Then again, I never expected to get the subclass this easily."
Whoosh!
…
"Where am I?" Feeling that his feet had stepped on solid ground, Valyr went ahead and tried to check his current surroundings, only to find out that he could not see anything at all. A few seconds later, he realized that his sense of hearing had gone out as well, tapping his fingers onto his ears multiple times, only for him to hear no sound from them at all.
Though he felt a bit of panic due to two of his more prominent senses becoming cut off, Valyr began to breathe slowly, trying to maintain a calm and collected mind as best as possible as he thought about the reasons why Noel had brought him to the Shadow Plane in the first place.
'Calm down, Valyr. Noel wouldn't bring you to a place that makes you lose your sight and hearing for no reason,' Valyr thought to himself. 'After all, he's a part of the clan's supportive faction. He would hope that I become stronger for the sake of the supportive faction, right?'
'…but what if he was lying to me? What if he was actually part of the rebel faction all this time?' Continuing to take slow and deep breaths as he discarded all of the useless thoughts that surfaced in his mind, Valyr eventually regained his sense of calm, deciding to take a look at the quest's description once more.
Ding!
[Returning to One's Roots] (Subclass Promotion Quest)
Difficulty: A
As someone who has awakened their Shadow Energy and its connection through unorthodox means, becoming a Neophyte Shadow Serpentine Lancer, you have been given a chance by an Abyssal Serpentine Lancer to tread the proper path to power, giving you either the option to take a slow yet stable approach, a quick yet dangerous approach, or a difficult yet rewarding approach.
You have decided to take the difficult yet rewarding approach.
Because of this choice of yours, you have been given access to the Shadow Plane, the realm where Shadow Energy originates. With the Abyssal Serpentine Lancer that has taken you under its wing guiding you, you must now refine this impure Shadow Energy to its original state, returning it to its roots, lest your journey as a Shadow Serpentine Lancer ends here.
Time is ticking.
Quest Objectives:
> Improve your Shadow Energy to the point the system recognizes its existence (0/1)
> Improve your Shadow Energy Mark to the 1st Cleansing grade (0/1)
> Improve your Shadow Energy Mark to contain 10 points of Shadow Energy (0/10)
> Slay a Shadow Serpent (0/1)
Quest Rewards:
> Promotion to Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass
> ??? (Additional rewards dependent on performance during the quest)
"Hello? Can you hear me, Valyr?" Just as Valyr was finished reading through the quest's description a second time, the young man heard a familiar voice resound through his mind, letting out a deep sigh of relief in response. After that, he wondered whether the other side would be able to hear his response through his thoughts, deciding to test it out as he asked a question back.
'I can, Elder Noel. Can you hear me, though?'
"Loud and clear," said the voice in response to his question, allowing the young man to finally feel a bit of weight being removed from his shoulders. However, this sense of relief swiftly disappeared once he heard the voice's next words.
"Unfortunately, we can't maintain this kind of conversation for long. Even though the quality of my energy is superior when compared to Shadow Energy, a great portion of it is consumed for every second we continue conversing."
"With that, I'll have to get straight to the point."
"Valyr, what you have to do…"
"…is form a Shadow Eye."
Chapter 410: Shadow Eye
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
'A Shadow Eye?' Hearing Noel bring the term up, Valyr went ahead and asked the latter what he meant by that. 'How do I form something like that? Do I have to use my Shadow Energy to create an artificial eye or something?'
"You're surprisingly close." Though Valyr could not see it, Noel's eyes briefly widened in surprise at the young man's guess. "However, to be more exact, forming a Shadow Eye isn't really as easy as just using your Shadow Energy to create an eye."
"If anything, forming a Shadow Eye involves utilizing the connection you have with the Shadow Plane through your Shadow Energy, and then making use of that connection to be able to see your surroundings properly. If you have a considerably high level of control over your Shadow Energy, then forming a Shadow Eye would be a piece of cake for you."
'How about my sense of hearing, though? Do I have to form anything like the Shadow Eye to regain my sense of hearing as well?' Committing the old man's words to memory, Valyr posed another question to the old man, causing the latter to shake his head in response.
"The Shadow Eye also allows you to regain your sense of hearing. It just takes a bit more effort after regaining your sense of hearing, really," said Noel as his voice continued to echo in Valyr's mind. "If you still have more questions to ask, ask them now. With the amount of Abyssal Energy I have left, I can only answer a few more of your questions before I have to cut this conversation short."
'Can't we just add each other to our respective friend lists and continue the conversation through there?' Feeling a bit of pressure at how he only had a limited amount of time left to talk with Noel, the gears in Valyr's brain madly spun as the question popped into his mind.
In response, Noel bitterly smiled. "If that were the case, I wouldn't have resorted to holding a conversation in your mind in the first place."
"I've already tried it with other people that have come with me to the Shadow Plane, Valyr," said Noel, letting out a sigh soon after. Unfortunately, the system's chat function is disabled while you're in the Shadow Plane."
'Is that so?' Hearing Noel's words, Valyr bitterly smiled as he let out a faint sigh of his own. Just as he was about to start trying to form the Shadow Eye Noel was talking about, a question popped into the young man's mind, recalling the last line in the quest's description.
'Now that I think about it, would I have enough time to form a Shadow Eye?' e. co
"If your talent and potential is the real deal, you definitely have more than enough time." As these words echoed within Valyr's mind, Noel faintly nodded. "However, that does not mean you won't run out of time. Though the time here in the Shadow Plane is slower compared to the real world by a factor of 7, you only have about 7/8th of a day's worth of time to stay here before we have to return to the real world, considering that there's only about three hours left before sunset."
'Mn? What happens after sunset?' Taking note of Noel's words, Valyr decided to ask a follow-up question to what the old man had mentioned, which made the latter scratch the back of his head in response as he wryly smiled.
"For the sake of saving energy, something you and I don't want to witness." Saying those words, Noel then told Valyr that he would have to end their conversation there for the meantime, but not before leaving the young man with a tip in forming a Shadow Eye.
"Remember. Don't force it. Just let things take its course."
"I hope you succeed in doing so before we have to go back."
Whoosh!
With the old man removing the connection made out of Abyssal Energy from Valyr's mind, which facilitated the conversation happening between the two of them, the latter was left in darkness and silence once more, leaving him alone in his thoughts as he wondered how he was going to go about forming a Shadow Eye.
'From what I could recall Noel say to me, I got to use the connection I have to the Shadow Plane through my Shadow Energy to form the eye.' Deciding to start from there, Valyr gradually sat down on the ground, utilizing his sense of touch to make sure that he sat properly. After that, he took in a deep breath before focusing his attention on the connection he had to his Shadow Energy, which was something he only made contact with whenever he used skills from [Shadow Serpent Combat Style].
Thump. Thump. Thump.
Though the connection he had with his Shadow Energy was stronger due to how he was in the Shadow Plane, Valyr could not sense the connection at all. If anything, the only thing Valyr could sense at the moment was the faint movement of his heart, prompting him to focus more of his attention towards the connection, slowly but surely cutting off the remaining senses he still had access to.
Whoosh!
One by one, the remaining senses he had access gradually turned numb, only to disappear once a certain amount of time passed. In exchange, he gained higher sensitivity towards the connection he had with the Shadow Energy, feeling that he was getting closer to what seemed like an entrance to a wider world.
Feeling like he was heading in the right direction, Valyr continued with what he was doing, with only his sense of smell so far being the only thing disappearing. By the time his sense of taste had disappeared, he felt that only a small distance separated himself from the entrance that he felt.
Of course, when he had finally made his sense of touch disappear, consciously shutting off all of his senses from the environment of the Shadow Plane…
Swoosh!
He now stood in front of the entrance.
Chapter 411: The World Of Darkness
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
'So, what do I do next?' Now standing in front of the entrance he had perceived after consciously cutting off all of his external senses, Valyr stared at the entrance, wanting to capture every detail.
In terms of how it appeared in Valyr's mind, it looked similar to the rift Noel had opened that allowed them to enter the Shadow Plane. However, rather than feel like his connection with Shadow Energy had become stronger because of it, Valyr felt like he was standing in front of the origin of Shadow Energy itself.
Though, with how complex the overall feeling the entrance gave him, making him feel like he was staring at a small yet vast portion of the secrets of the universe, he also felt traces of the Abyssal Energy had control over, as well as two other energies that were of greater depth and breadth than the impure Shadow Energy he currently controlled.
'Should I just try opening it?' Figuratively scratching the back of his head as he wondered what to do next, Valyr eventually decided to put all of his mental power into opening the entrance, considering that it was the only sense he had left after cutting off the external five. eel. om
'Hmph!'
Whoosh!
At the very instant Valyr set his mind to pushing the entrance open, a small gust of wind blew around Valyr's body, prompting Noel, who was beside the young man all this time, to look at the former with a surprised yet solemn expression. "It's only been three hours, yet he's already touched upon the connection?"
"As expected of a Herald. Truly monstrous even when compared to prodigies amongst prodigies." Deciding to wait and see whether the young man would be successful in breaking the entrance open on his first attempt, Noel sat down and used his control over Abyssal Energy to form a barrier that protected and shrouded the two at the same time, a faint smile now adorning his face.
'Mngh!' As for the one trying to pass through the entrance himself, Valyr instantly felt a great amount of resistance from the entrance after he put all of his mental power into pushing it. Noticing that it became more and more difficult the more he forced it, the young man decided to retract his mental power for a while, feeling a hint of strain as he wondered how Noel was able to push through the entrance in the first place.
'This has definitely got to be the connection Noel was talking about,' Valyr muttered inwardly, examining the entrance from every angle to see if he had missed an important detail. 'Aside from the fact that the Shadow Energy I have control over just wants to leap out towards it at any possible moment, it ain't the connection to a literal plane if it ain't incredibly difficult to open.'
'Hmm…' Forgetting that he and Noel could only stay in the Shadow Plane before they had to go back and return, Valyr continued to examine the entrance in great detail, pushing his mental power to its utmost limits in the process to make sure he would not miss even a small opening.
Eventually, after examining it for quite some time, the young man decided to try pushing the entrance open once more, feeling a bit more confident thanks to the information he had collected while examining the entrance.
For one, he was now privy to the fact that there existed weak spots on the entrance that posed weaker resistance to his mental power. However, the number of these weak spots, as well as their positions, varied with every passing minute, which left Valyr with no choice but to keep his senses peeled at all times to find them.
'Agh!' Focusing his mental power on the entrance to figure out where the weak spots were, Valyr began to allocate all of it towards pushing the entrance once more after he had found them, making sure that it would congregate towards those weak spots.
Whoosh!
Once more, a gust of wind blew around Valyr's body, causing Noel to look at the young man once more in silence as he felt the earth start to gradually quake.
"…already?"
'Hmph!' Feeling like he was making more progress into opening the entrance than his first attempt, Valyr pushed his mental power even further, focusing a great portion of it towards the weak spots, which continued to move throughout the entrance all this time. Because of it, the young man now felt a great strain in his mind, yet he still persevered in the hopes that he would be able to break through soon enough.
'Push through!'
Whoosh!
A stronger gust of wind surrounded Valyr's body as the young man focused all of his mental power towards the weak spots, while at the same time controlling each and every bit of it to make sure it would hit against those weak spots at all times. Eventually, he felt at some point like there was only a faint amount of resistance from the entrance that was holding him back from being able to connect with the Shadow Plane.
However, for some reason, this bit of resistance seemed to be the hardest thing Valyr was trying to push against.
'Don't force it. Just let things take its course.' Coincidentally, at that very moment, Valyr recalled the last bit of advice Noel had given him before their conversation abruptly ended, wondering to himself for a bit if the old man had given the advice in preparation for such times like this.
Thinking that he would only have to rest for a bit to be able to attempt it again, the young man went ahead and applied the elder's words in action, putting less force into his mental power as he instead moved it in a way that made it seem like it was eroding through the entrance, just like how water would eventually start to drip through cardboard once given enough time.
Fortunately, after minutes of testing out the new approach inspired by Noel's words…
Pop!
The entrance had finally given in, causing the connection he had with his Shadow Energy to grow deeper as all of his external senses were forcefully activated, sending him an influx of information regarding his surroundings.
Regarding the Shadow Plane.
Ding!
[You have formed a rudimentary connection with the Shadow Plane.]
[Your control over Shadow Energy has considerably improved.]
[You have unlocked the passive skill 'Shadow Eye'.]
Chapter 412: The World Of... Darkness?
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Unsurprisingly, after being deprived of all of his external senses for quite some time, the influx of information Valyr had received from it being forcefully opened caused the young man to feel a considerable level of mental pain.
If he were to compare it to something, then it would be more or less equal to the mental strain he had put his mind through forcefully pushing the entrance to the connection open.
Nevertheless, as someone who had endured such types of pain before, Valyr knew what to do and quickly shut off two of his most important senses, closing his eyes and covering his ears to allow his other senses to acclimate to his current surroundings.
Then, once he felt comfortable with three of his senses active again, he removed his hands from his ears, allowing his sense of hearing to acclimate, before eventually allowing himself to acclimate his sense of sight, opening his pair of eyes in what was quite a considerably long amount of time.
'Mngh…' Squinting his eyes as he limited the amount of light his eyes took in, Valyr's sight eventually adapted to be able to see his current surroundings, which only left the young man at a loss of words as he stared at what was before him with his mouth slightly agape.
"Elder Noel…" Shifting his gaze to the old man that was beside him all this time, Valyr tapped on the latter's shoulder to catch his attention, considering that the old man had been staring out into the horizon for what seemed to be quite some time now. "Is this really the Shadow Plane?"
"Hmm?" Hearing his name be mentioned, Noel turned his head to look at the origin of the questioning voice, only to notice that the young man he had brought to the Shadow Plane was now looking at him. With an expression of surprise briefly adorning his face, the old man's mouth curved into a smile as he nodded.
"What other place would this be if not the Shadow Plane?"
"That's not what I was trying to say…" Reading between the lines of Noel's response, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he gave the elder a slightly bitter smile. "In my mind, I thought the Shadow Plane would look like…"
"…it would have an appearance related to its name, I presume?"
"Yeah." Valyr nodded, a bitter smile still adorning his face. "But don't you think this sight before you is somewhat the opposite of that?"
Shifting his gaze to the sight before them, Valyr took in the surroundings of the Shadow Plane once more, taking in a deep breath to make sure he did not ask Noel the same question.
When one compared the colors of the Shadow Plane to the colors of the real world, then the colors of the Shadow Plane were said to be slightly muted, leaning more towards a darker version of that color. The most prominent example of that would be the skies of the Shadow Plane, which looked to be the same sky blue as the one he was familiar with, but mixed with a somewhat murky gray.
However, if one were to compare the landscape of the Shadow Plane to the landscape of the real world, then one would easily notice that there was a drastic difference between the two, something Valyr took a long time looking at to understand why the place was called the Shadow Plane, even though it was not a literal world of darkness.
For one, land and water seemed to take on the opposite property in the Shadow Plane. As far as he could see, the ground they were standing on could be considered a large body of water, with small waves propagating throughout as many creatures roamed the landscape. He did not know how he and Noel did not sink into the water, nor was he going to try and find out within the limited amount of time they had.
As for the land, Valyr was fortunate that there was a decent plot of land only a fair distance away from them, taking on the shape of a small lake. Watching some of the creatures lean their necks towards the land and proceed to take a bite out of it, the young man was left scratching the back of his head for a considerable amount of time, which was only exacerbated by the fact that one of the creatures fell into the land while taking a bite out of it.
Indeed.
Fell into the land.
Even the trees and plants that one would become used to when out in the wilderness were also topsy-turvy within the Shadow Plane.
Trees would have trunks made out of leaves, and leaves made out of wood, with the fruits hanging from the leaf branches having a seed-like exterior. As for the flowers, their petals were made out of leaves and wood, while the stem and leaves were made out of a petal-like material, which prompted Valyr to think that all of them would droop due to how flimsy petals were.
But they didn't.
Lastly, he noticed how the grass had its blades made out of roots and its roots made out of grass blades, prompting the bitter smile on his face to become wider. As to how he knew?
Well, he could see the grass blade roots through the water, after all.
If anything, Valyr was glad that the living creatures of the Shadow Plane were not inverted as well, with their inner organs being their outer appearance and vice versa. Then again, he would eventually come to know that the Shadow Plane had taken on a different approach on how these creatures were the opposite of their nature in the real world.
But that would be a story for some other time.
"I'm guessing you've gotten an idea of why it's called the Shadow Plane?" Seeing as Valyr continued to stare at the sight before them, Noel decided to pose a question to the young man as he let out a chuckle.
"The real world is considered the light, so the opposite of that would be…" Though still somewhat uncertain, Valyr faintly nodded as he voiced out the conclusion he had come to, which only made Noel let out another chuckle in response as he nodded in agreement.
"The shadow. Correct." Noel faintly grinned. "The reason why this is called the Shadow Plane is because the nature of this place is the opposite of the real world, with only a few things between here and the real world being the exact same."
"In any case, I definitely wasn't expecting you to only take this much time to form your Shadow Eye," said the old man not long after. "I could only recall a couple of people having formed their Shadow Eye within a day. And that day is in real world time, not Shadow Plane time."
"On the other hand, you only took like… what? Six hours within the Shadow Plane to form it? Factoring in the time ratio between the two, you've only taken less than an hour in the real world."
"You're definitely a monstrous talent, Valyr." Saying these words, Noel's grin became wider.
"And man am I glad I could pass on this subclass of mine to such a talent."
Chapter 413: Upside Down In More Ways Than One
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Listening to Noel's words of praise for him, Valyr let out an awkward chuckle in response as he became a bit fidgety. Nevertheless, he felt his heart warm up from the words as he knew that the old man's words were genuine, and not said solely due to his identity as a Herald.
'Did I really only take that much time to form [Shadow Eye]?' Smiling at Noel before proceeding to return his gaze back to their surroundings, Valyr recalled the words Noel had said to him about the amount of time he had taken to form the skill necessary for him to travel the world of the Shadow Plane. 'He said I only took less than an hour to form it… that's like five to six hours perhaps?'
As the thought came to his mind, Valyr thought about how he pushed the entrance to the connection open again and again through the use of his mental power, feeling that the amount of time he had taken in that place definitely did not feel like a few hours. 'If anything, I felt I took at least half a day or a day to open that entrance.'
'But then again, he's already been to this place many times, so…' Inwardly shrugging his shoulders as he eventually considered the thought as useless, Valyr went ahead and commanded the system to bring up the description of [Shadow Eye], wanting to see what was so unique about it that it was a necessary skill in the Shadow Plane.
Ding!
[Shadow Eye] (Lv. MAX)
Rarity: ???
Tier: 1
To all visitors of the Shadow Plane, their sense of sight and hearing are robbed from them, with the only way of getting it back is to utilize their connection with Shadow Energy and to convene with the Shadow Plane to grant said senses back to them.
To those who have no connection with Shadow Energy, their attempts in contacting with the Shadow Plane are simply useless, lest they have an affinity with Shadow Energy itself. However, for those who have Shadow Energy, and have successfully made contact with the Shadow Plane, they are granted a proof of identity, a proof that they have what it takes to survive within the Shadow Plane.
The Shadow Eye.
There are five tiers that one's Shadow Eye would fall upon, all of which is reliant on the quality of energy the user has control over, which has its roots in the Shadow Plane.
This skill allows the user to regain one's sense of sight and hearing within the Shadow Plane, as well as passively boosts the user's PER stat by 10%. This skill also allows the user to see their connection with Shadow Energy, as well as see the ambient Shadow Energy within their surroundings.
'I see.' Closing the screen he had brought up in front of him, Valyr went ahead and tried making use of the skill's ability to view his connection with Shadow Energy, swiftly noticing a thin dark ray of energy extending from the tip of his forehead towards the seemingly infinite skies of the Shadow Plane within seconds.
After that, he shifted the skill's focus to seeing the Shadow Energy within their surroundings, prompting his vision of the landscape to become a tad darker than it was previously. Satisfied with his small test of [Shadow Eye]'s abilities, he then briefly thought about the five tiers the skill had mentioned.
'Since the skill said that there are five tiers to [Shadow Eye] that correspond to one's quality of energy, it would be safe to assume that Noel's [Shadow Eye] is at Tier 3? I wonder what kind of abilities he has access to with a [Shadow Eye] like that?' Lightly scratching the back of his head as his curiosity towards the matter gradually increased, Valyr decided to ask the old man about it some other time.
After all, they only had about 15 more hours before he and Noel would have to leave the Shadow Plane.
"So, I formed the [Shadow Eye]. What's next, Elder Noel?" Feeling that he had already wasted enough time looking at the landscape before them, Valyr took the initiative to ask the man beside him the question that would get them going.
"We would need to improve your Shadow Energy to the point it gets recognized by the system as a stat." Letting out a faint sigh, Noel stood up as he responded to the young man's question. "To do that, we would have to slay a few creatures of the Shadow Plane."
"Hmm?" Tilting his head in slight confusion as he also stood up, Valyr soon asked the old man another question. "But didn't you say back then I could only improve my Shadow Energy by killing a Shadow Serpent?"
"That's only in the context of improving it for your subclass," said Noel in response as he looked around their surroundings for a bit. "Compared to the Shadow Energy of other creatures, the Shadow Energy of a Shadow Serpent is incredibly ferocious, which is why using it in conjunction with the Shadow Serpent skills yields such destructive power."
"On the other hand, most creatures' Shadow Energy are quite mild in nature, making them the best way to purify the impure Shadow Energy you've obtained from the orb of Shadow Serpent Essence you absorbed since they would meld with it quite easily."
"With that in mind, we'll be slaying some non-hostile creatures for now until your Shadow Energy has improved to the point it gets recognized by the system." Feeling like he had gotten a good grasp of where they were in the Shadow Plane, Noel began to move after he was finished saying these words, leaving the young man no choice but to follow him from behind.
"So, are we going to be killing a few rabbits or something until my Shadow Energy improves?" In response to Noel's words, Valyr asked the former a question while they traversed the landscape, to which the old man responded by looking back at him for a bit before returning his gaze to what was before them.
"First, you'll be the one doing the killing. I'm only here to accompany you and protect you from attacks that would undoubtedly end your life," said Noel sometime later. "And second…"
"…on second thought, I'll just show you instead."
"Hmm? Show me what?"
"Show you how 'brave' you are to brush off killing rabbits in the Shadow Plane so easily."
"Eh? But aren't rabbits one of the simplest creatures to kill?"
…
…
…
"…that's a rabbit?"
"Now do you see what I mean?"
"…is that seriously a rabbit?"
Ding!
[Shadow Rabbit Emperor (Lesser Boss)] (Level 99 | Boss)
Class: Sovereign of the Shadow Rabbits (Epic)
HP: 565,500/565,500
MP: 351,600/351,600
Stats: 1,508 VIT, 2,056 STR, 3,248 AGI, 2,060 DEX, 1,172 INT, 2,148 WIS, 1,828 PER, 396 LUK
Skills: ???? (skills unknown due to great disparity in level)
Remarks: …that's a rabbit?
Chapter 414: An Exception To The Norm
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Standing over a hundred meters away from the large creature they were looking at, Valyr was left at a complete loss for words as he took a look at the status screen that had appeared before him. With the creature's HP and MP being the six digits, as well as its stats being in the four digits, it took a while for the young man to compose himself, taking in a few deep breaths as he eventually muttered to himself.
"Well, it's not like this is the first time I've encountered something this weird."
"Nor would it be the last."
"But still… there's no way inHeckI'm gonna fight against that thing. Yet." Feeling a wry smile creep up onto his lips, Valyr scratched the back of his head as he closed the screen before him, shifting his gaze to the large creature before them once more.
Without a doubt, the creature before them was a rabbit in its entirety, with its fur being a slightly lighter shade of gray. However, rather than it being at the size it would normally be in the real world, Valyr was certain that the rabbit was the size of an elephant at the very least, perhaps a couple of elephants if he were to talk about its overall length.
Aside from that, the rabbit radiated a tyrannical aura that seemed to be intertwined with the feeling of high authority, prompting almost all of the creatures in the vicinity to distance themselves as far away from the rabbit as possible. Combined with its strength through its stats, Valyr felt that the word 'Emperor' in its name was truly well-deserved.
"Let me ask you once again." Seeing that the young man had finally internalized what he was looking at, Noel looked at Valyr beside him before asking the question he had asked him earlier. "Do you now understand why I said you were 'brave' to brush off killing a rabbit in the Shadow Plane so easily?"
"I mean… how would I not after seeing that?" In response, Valyr nodded as a bitter smile appeared on his face. "In any case, I think I'm getting an idea on why rabbits are this scary in the Shadow Plane?"
"Oh?" Hearing Valyr's words, Noel raised his eyebrow in curiosity. "What's your idea?"
"Well… considering that the appearances of the creatures here aren't inverted like the world's landscape, save for the fact that they're slightly darker compared to their real world equivalents, they would have to be inverted in a different aspect."
"And that would be…?"
"Their nature?" At these words, Valyr was uncertain whether or not it was the case since it was something he had only deduced from looking at the rabbit. However, after seeing the old man smile in response to his answer, the young man was quickly prompted to think otherwise.
"It usually takes people far longer to deduce that sort of thing whenever I bring them to this place," said Noel as he nodded in agreement with Valyr's words. "In their minds, they thought that every creature in the Shadow Plane was empowered, just like the rabbit before us."
"But no, that's not the case."
"Instead, the ecosystem within the Shadow Plane is a complete 180 of the ecosystem in place out in the real world. The prey in the real world are the apex predators of the Shadow Plane, while the predators in the real world are the prey of the Shadow Plane."
"Of course, there's an exception to that norm. I'm sure you can already guess which creature that is." Saying these words, Noel looked at Valyr with a knowing smile, allowing the latter to not take long in formulating his response.
"Is a snake still considered a predator in the Shadow Plane?"
"Surprisingly, yes." Noel nodded in response. "I've tried looking into the reason why that would be the case, but that reason still eludes me to this very day."
"Either way, snakes, or more specifically Shadow Serpents, are predators in the Shadow Plane. However, when compared to their real world counterpart, with those being somewhere near the end of the food chain, Shadow Serpents are considered apex predators in the Shadow Plane, being capable of consuming even beings like the Shadow Rabbit Emperor before us."
"I see." Nodding in understanding, Valyr looked at the Shadow Rabbit Emperor one more time, making a mental note in his mind to try and fight a being like that after he had become stronger. For now, he suggested to Noel that they should get going to complete the things that he had to do to improve his subclass, to which the latter swiftly agreed.
…
Whoosh!
Just like how they made their way to where a Shadow Rabbit Emperor was staying, Valyr and Noel zoomed through the weird looking wilderness, running side by side as Valyr decided to ask the old man a question all of a sudden.
"Say, what's the minimum level of strength a person needs to be able to fight against a creature within the Shadow Plane?" Hearing this question, Noel looked at where they were going for a bit before proceeding to respond.
"In terms of combat strength, I guess that person would need to be at the early levels of Rank 2 in order to fight against some creatures that are weaker than the norm." Noel briefly shrugged his shoulders. "However, if we exclude that, then that person would need a level of strength at the peak of Rank 2, preferably the early levels of Rank 3."
"Ah, we're here."
Gradually slowing down to a halt, Noel leisurely walked towards the place where he thought was the best place for Valyr to start improving his Shadow Energy, with the latter naturally following behind the former. Eventually, the duo had arrived at the area, prompting the young man to look at the sight before them, only to be left scratching his head once more.
"As I've mentioned earlier, you first need to improve your Shadow Energy to the point it's recognized by the system as a stat."
"With that, you'll be slaying the non-hostile creatures in front of you for the meantime."
"For reference, these small creatures are called Shadow Mammoths."
Chapter 415: The Curse Strikes
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"Shadow Mammoths, huh…" Hearing the name of the creatures before them, an awkward smile appeared on Valyr's face as he activated [Greater Analysis] to see whether Noel was telling him a lie. However, the status screen that appeared in front of Valyr's face instead proved that the old man was indeed telling the truth.
Ding!
[Shadow Mammoth (Rare Elite)] (Level 30)
Class: Shadow Mammoth
HP: 2,970/2,970
MP: 1,350/1,350
Stats: 165 VIT, 140 STR, 110 AGI, 79 DEX, 75 INT, 138 WIS, 91 PER, 53 LUK
Skills: [Headbutt], [Basic Shadow Energy Affinity], [Inferior Regeneration],…
Remarks: They're pretty cute for their size.
Of course, as Valyr looked at the status screen before him, he would glance at the Shadow Mammoths themselves for a bit. Being in the same condition as the Shadow Rabbit Emperor from before, their appearances were a tad darker when compared to their real world counterparts. However, the opposite applied to their size, with them now being the same size as rabbits, even though their proportions were still that of large mammoths.
"I'll be there if you need me or if you want to ask me a question." Knowing that Valyr would take a while to accept the sight before him as reality, just like with the Shadow Rabbit Emperor, Noel decided to give the man some space as he gave him a heads-up that he would be idling at a nearby tree, sitting on one of its leaf branches.
Nodding in response, Valyr let Noel do his thing as he eventually took in a deep breath, watching the Shadow Mammoths move about the area for a bit before proceeding to take a few steps forward. Though, at the very moment he did so, all of the Shadow Mammoths looked in his direction as their eyes all gained a faint tinge of crimson.
"Ah, Heck." Noticing that the auras being released by the Shadow Mammoths had undergone an increase in power, Valyr could not help but let out a couple profanities as he took on a battle stance, conjuring a few balls made out of orange crimson flames before proceeding to throw it at the Shadow Mammoths.
"[Crimson Blaze Barrage]."
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
"Groooogghhh…!" At the very instant the fireballs made contact with the Shadow Mammoths, the latter let out a pained cry that would be normal for a mammoth to let out, though at a higher pitch due to their smaller size. Nevertheless, with how all of the Shadow Mammoths had become hellbent on killing him due to a certain thing, Valyr ignored their pained cries as he threw fireball after fireball towards them, eventually causing the ground to be littered with their slightly charred corpses.
Not long after, the charred corpses of the Shadow Mammoths released a few faint motes of dark gray light that all swiftly made their way towards Valyr, prompting the latter to activate the [Shadow Eye]'s ability that would allow him to see Shadow Energy.
Swoosh!
Unsurprisingly, the motes of dark gray light were all condensed Shadow Energy that the Shadow Mammoths had been cultivating throughout their lives, all of which headed towards Valyr's forehead as they directed themselves towards a specific part of his mind.
Whoosh!
Within seconds, Valyr felt his perception of the Shadow Plane change, feeling like he could now see his entire surroundings in slightly better detail than before. Aside from that, he felt that the connection he had to Shadow Energy had improved, causing him to take look at the beam that extended from his forehead, noticing that it had become somewhat thicker than before.
Staring at the beam for a bit longer, he also noticed how there now seemed to be less impurities within the beam, which was more apparent during the first time he had activated the ability to view his connection to Shadow Energy. All in all, he was quite satisfied with the rewards that he reaped from his first skirmish in the Shadow Plane…
Even though it was something he wasn't aiming to trigger in the first place.
'Who knew the curse would also be effective within this place?' Though Valyr had not felt the effects of the Mark of the Alltide for quite some time, it was still something that was stuck in the back of his mind, being a factor that he always considered whenever he would do something. Therefore, Valyr was quite surprised when he discovered that the curse still had an effect even in a place separate from the real world, something that he definitely wasn't expecting.
'Either way, thanks to this fight, I'm now more certain regarding a certain aspect of the curse,' thought Valyr to himself, thinking about how the Shadow Mammoths were long within the 100 meter radius of the curse's effect before the two decided to stop, but only decided to become aggressive when Valyr took a few steps forward. 'I'll still have to check whether that's indeed the case or not, but I think sound is the trigger for them to become hellbent on killing me.'
Taking some time to ponder over how his first fight in the Shadow Plane went, Valyr soon proceeded to slay some more Shadow Mammoths within the area, with the latter always having the initiative due to the effects of the Mark of the Alltide. Naturally, with the curse in effect, Valyr experimented with making various sounds to trigger the aggressiveness of the normally docile Shadow Mammoths, as well as experimented on the loudness of these sounds to see if there was a minimum threshold.
Eventually, he was able to deduce that any sound he made, whether it be his footsteps or his breathing, was the cause of the aggressiveness. Unfortunately, no matter how much he made sure that he made no noise, even going so far as to move like an assassin during one of his fights, the Shadow Mammoths still became aggressive, coming to the conclusion that there was no minimum threshold to the loudness at all.
"Groooogh!" Sending yet another Shadow Mammoth to the afterlife with a quick blast of orange crimson flames, the condensed Shadow Energy it had cultivated swiftly headed towards the young man's body, reinforcing the connection he had with Shadow Energy to a small degree.
Closing his eyes for a bit to acclimate to the slight improvement to his senses, Valyr eventually opened it once more, only to see Noel standing in front of him with a solemn expression.
"Is there anything wrong, Elder Noel?" asked Valyr, to which Noel responded with a slight frown.
"Not really…on second thought, there is one. I don't mind the fact that you're using magic to slay the Shadow Mammoths, but there's something that's been bothering me."
"And what's that?"
"Why haven't you been using your spear?"
Chapter 416: The Curse Strikes Again
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"Well… about that…" Waiting for Noel to go on a tirade on how he should have used his spear while fighting against the Shadow Mammoths to increase his combat efficiency even if sparingly, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he noticed the old man silently waiting for his response. Scratching the back of his head, Valyr grabbed his trusty spear from his back before giving it to the elder to identify.
"It would be better for you to see it yourself, Elder Noel."
"Hmm?" Raising his eyebrow in slight confusion, Noel received Valyr's spear with both hands, staring at it for a bit due to the ferocious aura he felt faintly emanating from the spear, as well as how brutal yet exquisite its design was. After that, he went ahead and used his identification skill on the spear, only for his eyes to focus on a certain innate skill that the spear held.
"What kind of perverse skill is this…" Noel muttered in slight disbelief, staring at the description of [Tidemother's Vengeance] for a long time as he worked out in his mind as to how the innate skill would work. Closing his eyes for a bit after that, he then gave the spear back to Valyr, who quickly affixed it on his back before looking back at the elder before him.
"Correct me if I'm wrong in my speculations, but that innate skill reduces more and more of your stats the longer you fight, right?" Still having a pensive expression on his face, Noel looked at the young man as he threw a question at him.
"That would be correct, Elder Noel." Valyr faintly nodded.
"And does it only apply during fights?"
"Yes." Valyr nodded once more. "Whenever I'm not actively using it in combat, the innate skill doesn't take any effect."
"Is there a timer as to when the innate skill would disable after you're out of combat?" Noel rubbed his chin as he nodded, continuing to ask more questions for clarification.
"I'm not sure on that one." Responding to Noel's question, Valyr flashed a wry smile. "However, while I was exploring a dungeon, even though I had to traverse a great distance before arriving at another enemy, my stats continued to gradually decrease."
"Well, with that kind of innate skill attached to a weapon, even I wouldn't use the spear anymore." Letting out a low sigh after getting a better idea of how the innate skill on Valyr's spear worked, Noel looked at the young man with a hint of pity in his eyes as he flashed a wry smile of his own.
"Anyways, I have a suggestion."
"What is it, Elder Noel?" Raising his eyebrows in curiosity, Valyr watched as the old man took out a metal spear from his metal bracelet, causing the former to blank out for a bit as he instantly had a feeling he knew what the elder was going to suggest to him.
"Have you tried using another spear aside from the one you currently have?" Giving the metal spear to Valyr, Noel watched as the young man looked at the spear he had received with a blank look, only to look back at the elder in silence soon after.
Surprisingly, the thought of using another spear to see if the innate skill only applied to his current spear had not crossed Valyr's mind. After all, even though it was a curse, he found its effects a great boon as long as he utilized it correctly, as well as the fact that he would not have to go through tons of experimentation to find out which material would improve his spear the best.
Nevertheless, now that Noel had brought up the idea to him, the young man resisted the urge to slap himself on the face with all his might, taking in a few deep breaths before deciding to do a few practice movements with the metal spear.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
"So, is the skill activating?" Seeing as Valyr was getting used to the feel of the metal spear, Noel decided to pose the question to the young man, who only responded after he was done adapting to the spear.
"Well, we'll only find that out once I fight against something." Flashing a bitter smile at the elder, Valyr proceeded to move through the area they were in to possibly find a stray Shadow Mammoth they could test on. Unfortunately, with the effects of the mark still active, what ended up happening instead was a small group of Shadow Mammoths appearing within the duo's field of vision all of a sudden, all of which were charging towards Valyr.
"[Shadow Serpent Style]…" Taking in a deep breath as his grip on the metal spear tightened, Valyr watched as the group of Shadow Mammoths moved closer to him with every passing second, eventually deciding to make a move of his own as he interacted with the refined connection he had with Shadow Energy.
"[Dark Serpentine Repulsion]!"
Swoosh!
Slamming the tip of the metal spear into the ground, Valyr conducted the Shadow Energy through the spear, which caused a small magic circle to form on the ground. Not long after, this magic circle glowed as a barrier of dark energy swiftly surrounded Valyr from all angles, which was what the Shadow Mammoths had collided against.
Bang!
"Grooooogh!" With the fact that they didn't hold anything back in their charge, the momentum they had accumulated was swiftly sent back at them through the properties of the barrier, causing all of them to let out a pained cry as they were sent flying a couple of meters away. However, rather than remain where they were after they fell to the ground, as if their sense of pain was nullified, these Shadow Mammoths stood up once more and charged towards Valyr…
Only to be met by the barrier once more.
Bang!
"Groooogh!"
"What an impressive defensive skill." Considering that he was using the fourth technique of the [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] for the first time, Valyr looked at the sight before him with interest, staring as the Shadow Mammoths repeatedly slammed themselves onto the barrier as his mind came up with new combat strategies revolving around it.
"So, is the innate skill taking effect?" As the Shadow Mammoths let out their pained cries for the final time, sending a decent chunk of condensed Shadow Energy Valyr's way for him to absorb, Noel asked the young man the question he had asked earlier, wanting to see if his hypothesis was correct.
"Surprisingly, it's not triggering." In response, Valyr dispelled the barrier around him as he looked at the elder with a slight grin.
"I guess I can finally return to using the—gah!"
Chapter 417: The Curse Strikes Once More
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Letting out a yowl of pain all of a sudden, Valyr swiftly fell to the ground as he released his grip over the metal spear, writhing and contorting in many different ways to try and alleviate the pain. As for Noel, he looked at the sight before him with a blank expression for a bit as his mind was still in the process of understanding what was happening.
Fortunately, it did not take long for Noel to realize what was going on, thinking to himself that something related to the innate skill had triggered within Valyr, which prompted him to take out a small pill from his spatial bracelet. "Here, drink this pain alleviation medicine."
"Aaaagggh…" Even though the young man still continued to writhe on the ground in pain, Valyr tried his hardest to control his body, grabbing the pill of pain alleviation medicine from Noel's hands before proceeding to ingest it. Surprisingly, at the very moment he had done so, the pain he felt all over his body gradually subsided, slowly allowing Valyr to take in a few deep breaths to compose himself.
However…
"AAAAAAAGGGHHHH!!!" As if it was an act of retaliation to the pain alleviation medicine he had ingested, the wave of pain Valyr felt slammed harder than ever before, causing his body to writhe and contort in more exaggerated positions than earlier.
"But I'm sure I gave him pain alleviation medicine…" Now feeling worried for Valyr's safety, Noel took a look at his spatial bracelet to see if he had indeed grabbed a pill of pain alleviation medicine, to which it did not take long for him to confirm. Closing his spatial bracelet as he wondered whether or not to give him a stronger dosage of the medicine, Noel's eyes were quickly attracted by something on Valyr's body.
Something glowing.
Though it was only faint, Noel noticed that Valyr's back started to glow a faint crimson all of a sudden, prompting him to try and take off the chestplate the young man was wearing, hoping to see if it would alleviate the pain Valyr was experiencing, as well as find out where the glow was coming from.
'This…' By the time the old man had taken off Valyr's chestplate and moved it to the side, he was left silent, his gaze entirely focused on what he saw on Valyr's back.
Thanks to the faint crimson glow it had, what he saw was able to pass through the shirt Valyr wore, which was a mark of a spider surrounded by an intricate magic circle. Just as he was about to ponder to himself as to where the young man had gotten the mark, the glow the mark gave off started to intensify as a strand of crimson energy soon came out of the mark on Valyr's back.
Whoosh!
At great speeds, the strand of crimson energy made its way to the metal spear Valyr was previously holding, corrupting the spear as Noel felt a ferocious and tyrannical aura emanate from it. Concurrently, the metal spear underwent a drastic change in appearance as veins of crimson spread throughout its entire shaft, while the tip took on a more aerodynamic shape, reminding the old man of how spider legs looked.
Eventually, once the metal spear had finished undergoing its corruption, the glow that the mark on Valyr's back gave off started to dim down, which brought along the wave of pain that the young man experienced. With that, the young man was finally able to breathe once more, while Noel went ahead and picked up the metal spear that had absorbed the strand of crimson energy from the mark on Valyr's back.
"[Superior Analysis]."
Ding!
[Corrupted Metal Spear] (Level 20)
Rarity: Uncommon+
Weapon Bond: None
Foundation Tier: None
Ascension Tier: None
Attack: 62 - 103
Forge Quality: Average
One of many spears mass produced by a blacksmith to be used by members of the Spearman Guild. Boasts great rigidity, strength, and flexibility due to the alloy used to make the spear.
Has been corrupted by the vengeful energy of the Tidemother. Because of this, the spear contains a greater level of power when compared to other spears, though it comes at a cost.
<Innate Skill: Tidemother's Vengeance - A deep-seated wrath towards the wielder of the weapon exists due to the defilement of the strength's source. Wanting to stop the wielder no matter what, its wrath spreads. Wielding this weapon in combat invokes a 0.2% decrease in the user's stats every 10 seconds, capping out at a 30% decrease in all stats.>
Remarks: It was a good spear.
"I guess… there's more to it than it seems." Scratching his head as he finished reading the description of the metal spear, Noel let out a low sigh as he decided to chuck the corrupted metal spear into his spatial bracelet for now as he waited for the young man to recover from the pain he had experienced.
"Haah…" Taking in a few deep breaths while he gave his body time to recover from the pain, Valyr gradually sat upright on the ground, only for the effects of the pain alleviation medicine he had ingested earlier to finally kick in.
Letting out a faint sigh of relief, Valyr then took in a few more deep breaths, eventually noticing that Noel was looking at him. Looking at the old man's expression, it gave him the feeling that he had a lot of questions to ask him, to which Valyr responded that he still needed a bit more time to recover.
After a few more minutes of sitting on the ground, Valyr finally told Noel that he was ready to answer some questions, adorning a bitter smile on his face as he asked the old man, "You're curious about the mark on my back, right? Elder Noel?"
"Well, who wouldn't be in that kind of situation?" Though Noel had a solemn expression on his face, there was still a faint hint of concern on it, inwardly wondering whether the young man was truly okay. "In any case, are you really fine with talking? You could still rest a bit more, you know?"
"The pain alleviation medicine has taken away most of the pain that was left from that experience," said Valyr in response, slightly shrugging his shoulders. "In any case, it'll eventually fade away the more I move about."
"Hmm… before I begin my explanation, would I be able to trust you to keep this information a secret, Elder Noel?"
"If you want, I could swear a mana oath."
"Hmm… how about you do that later, Elder Noel? Let the information I'm about to give you be the judge of whether or not it is worthy of such an oath."
"Well… if you insist."
"Alright, so it all begins in…"
Chapter 418: Recognition Of The Shadow Plane
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"So… let me try and summarize everything you've told me so far." After asking Valyr a couple more questions amidst the young man's narration of everything that had led up to the current situation, Noel took in a deep breath as he sorted out his thoughts, organizing all of the information he had just received from the young man in his mind.
"Go ahead, Elder Noel." In response, Valyr nodded, waiting for the old man to begin.
"To start off your entire narration, you used to have a wooden spear, transmuted it with Lesser Tidemother Blood, and eventually had your spear siphon the blood and energy of a recently killed Tidemother to improve the spear even further."
"Yes." Valyr nodded.
"And then, because of that, a higher being became enraged and gave you a curse that has a mark on your back."
"That is also correct." Valyr nodded once more.
"And that curse basically makes any wild animal within a certain distance away from you grow stronger and turn hostile towards you… is that correct?" Seeing Valyr nod one more time in response to his words, Noel flashed a soft smile at the young man, only for the smile to turn bitter as he thought about Valyr's current situation a bit more.
"It must suck living with that kind of curse," said Noel soon after, to which Valyr flashed a bitter smile of his own.
"It's not bad when you're in the cities or the kingdoms." Valyr bitterly chuckled. "Then again, there was a time where I more or less removed all of the rodents within a village because of it."
"Of course, I haven't tried testing the effects of the curse in a monster-filled area yet, nor do I have a death wish to want to do so." At those words, the smile on Valyr's face became more bitter than before. After that, he let out a faint sigh. "In any case, it's not like I don't have a way to turn the curse's negatives into positives. I do know a couple ways on how to utilize it, fortunately."
"But at the moment, the cons outweigh the benefits, right?"
"Right again, Elder Noel." Valyr let out yet another bitter chuckle, causing Noel to become silent as he decided to shift the topic to something that was still related to the curse, but at the same time wasn't.
"Hmm…" Rubbing his chin for a bit, a thought soon popped into the elder's mind. "Now that I think about it, the blood of a Tidemother is a common material used in creating equipment, especially weapons made in the cities and kingdoms due to its properties of allowing the wielder to passively regenerate stamina and health."
"With that, there should have been a case of someone being afflicted with the curse you currently have in the past, considering the amount of blood those blacksmiths used whenever they would forge high rarity equipment." At this point, Noel's expression became somewhat curious. "I wonder… did the curse only appear because it has something to do with the fact you siphoned the Tidemother's strength through your spear just as you killed it?"
"I guess?" Valyr shrugged his shoulders in response. "Anything during that time could have been the reason as to why I got the curse."
"Then again, when I handled Lesser Tidemother Blood for the first time to transmute my wooden spear into a stronger weapon, nothing of the sort had occurred at all."
"Hmm…" Deciding to ponder over the thought for a bit, Noel eventually gave up as he came to a dead end in his thought process, letting out a low sigh as he then shifted his thoughts to Valyr's current condition of being unable to showcase his full might with the spear.
"Well… since there's a short window of time that allows you to use the spear at your full might, I guess you should save the spear's techniques as a last ditch effort to turn the tides around." Though he felt a bit of pity at the fact that the young man wasn't able to use his spear right now, Noel was certain that there would eventually come a time where Valyr would be able to showcase the might of his spear and his subclass to its greatest extent.
"For the meantime, continue to use your magic. Or, if you have a set of techniques stronger than the magic you currently use, feel free to use that instead."
"So, pretty much what I've been doing all this time. Got it." Finding to take delight upon from Noel's words, Valyr let out a bit of laughter as he nodded in response, to which Noel responded with a chuckle of his own.
"What next, then?" After the two finished letting out a bit of laughter, Valyr posed a question to the old man, prompting the latter to shrug his shoulders in response.
"What else other than to kill more Shadow Mammoths?" As Noel said these words, he activated his [Shadow Eye]'s ability to see Shadow Energy, focusing his attention on the connection Valyr had with Shadow Energy that extended from the latter's forehead. "With how much your progress you've made, you would only need to kill a few more groups, actually."
"And that would allow my Shadow Energy to be recognized by the system?" asked Valyr with a hint of expectation.
"More like you would need to move to a stronger creature within the Shadow Plane to continue improving your connection."
"I see. Well… that also works, I guess." Shrugging his shoulders in a way that told Noel he wanted his Shadow Energy to be recognized by the system as quickly as possible, Valyr let out a low sigh before proceeding to walk around the area in search of Shadow Mammoths to kill.
But not before finding how much time the two of them had left before they would have to leave the plane.
…
"Grooooghhh…!"
"And that's the last group of Shadow Mammoths I think." Taking note of the fact that the two of them had already been in the Shadow Plane for about 10 hours or so, Valyr watched as the Shadow Energy from the Shadow Mammoths' corpses slowly floated upwards before zipping through the air to make their way towards the young man's forehead.
After that, the Shadow Energy condensed themselves into a single orb before proceeding to head towards a certain spot within Valyr's mind, reinforcing the connection he had with his Shadow Energy as he felt his perception of the Shadow Plane grow a bit clearer.
Eventually, while looking at the connection with [Shadow Eye], Valyr felt that his connection with Shadow Energy had reached a saturation point, only to feel the remaining bit of Shadow Energy left to be absorbed to dissipate into thin air soon after.
"So, what creature would I have to kill next?" Turning around to look at Noel as he felt the remaining Shadow Energy eventually disappear into nothingness, Valyr threw a question at the old man, to which the latter quickly responded.
"Fortunately, you don't have to move that far." Watching Valyr fight from a high-up branch on a nearby tree, Noel looked at their surroundings for a bit before looking back at the young man. "Just move a couple of meters to your left."
"A couple of meters to my—!"
"Graaaooooo!!!"
At the very instant he had done what Noel told him, Valyr heard a soft yet deep growl resonate throughout the area, prompting him to shift his gaze towards the origin of the sound. However, just as he was expecting to see a large creature come his way, what he saw instead…
…was a dog-sized bear.
"…"
"[Greater Analysis]."
Ding!
[Shadow Bear (Epic Elite)] (Level 37)
Class: Shadow Ursa (Uncommon)
HP: 4,860/4,860
MP: 2,304/2,304
Stats: 270 VIT, 272 STR, 188 AGI, 266 DEX, 128 INT, 136 WIS, 98 PER, 74 LUK
Skills: [Charge], [Hibernation], [Basic Shadow Energy Affinity], [Basic Physical Damage Resistance],…
Remarks: You definitely don't see a dog-sized bear that often.
"Haah…" Swiftly closing the screen he had brought up in front of him, Valyr took in a deep breath before letting out a long sigh, watching as the Shadow Bear gradually got closer to him. Then, seeing that there was only a fair distance between the two of them…
Valyr sent out a barrage of blades made out of orange crimson flames at the Shadow Bear.
"[Crimson Blade Torrent]."
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
"GRAAAOOOO!!!" Though it had become aggressive due to the effects of Valyr's curse, the Shadow Bear's behavior surprisingly returned to how it was originally at the very sight of blades made out of orange flames heading towards its way.
However, before it could turn around and flee away from the overwhelming threat of the blades, the blades bombarded the Shadow Bear's body from every possible angle, leaving a charred yet disfigured corpse in its wake.
Swoosh!
Not long after, the Shadow Energy it had cultivated soon hovered above the disfigured corpse, zooming through the air to meld with Valyr and improve his connection with Shadow Energy beyond the saturation point.
Weeeenggg…
…
…
Ding!
[Your connection with the Shadow Plane has undergone sublimation, increasing a level in quality.]
[Your connection with Shadow Energy has undergone sublimation, increasing a level in quality.]
[You have been recognized by the Shadow Plane.]
[Your connection with Shadow Energy has been recognized by the system.]
[You have gained the 'Shadow Energy' stat.]
[You have gained the passive skill 'Shadow Energy Mark'.]
Chapter 419: Onto Larger Foes
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Weeenngggg…
At the very instant the condensed Shadow Energy from the Shadow Bear Valyr killed made contact with the young man, it swiftly headed towards the dark beam of energy that connected him to the Shadow Plane, melding with it as it attempted to expand the connection even further.
Fortunately, as the Shadow Bear's Shadow Energy was considerably stronger than the Shadow Energy from the Shadow Mammoths he had been absorbing so far, even the energy from one Shadow Bear was more than enough for the connection to surpass its bottleneck and expand to even greater widths.
Because of it, Valyr's perception of the Shadow Plane had changed greatly, allowing him to notice far more detail regarding the Shadow Plane, even though the only difference he had done was that he had killed a Shadow Bear.
Eventually, once the connection he had with the Shadow Plane had been refined with the Shadow Bear's Shadow Energy, the dark beam of energy that extended out of his forehead surprisingly contracted, causing Valyr's expression to change into that of panic.
However, swiftly realizing that the connection he had with the Shadow Plane had not disappeared even with the beam's disappearance, the young man pushed his [Shadow Eye] to greater heights, eventually noticing that the connection had now made its way to a small vacant spot near his heart.
Whoosh!
Then, as if it was a parasite, the connection attached itself to his heart, turning into a small black mass that now fed Shadow Energy to Valyr's heart, giving Valyr the feeling that he now had access to Shadow Energy at any moment he wanted to.
Wanting to confirm this, Valyr focused on the Shadow Energy from the small black mass that melded with his blood and circulated throughout his body, soon noticing that the small black mass always stored a small amount of Shadow Energy for him to be able to tap into at all times.
Though, just as he was about to check the changes to his body even further, a series of notifications resounded in his mind.
Ding!
[Your connection with the Shadow Plane has undergone sublimation, increasing a level in quality.]
…
…
[You have gained the 'Shadow Energy' stat.]
[You have gained the passive skill 'Shadow Energy Mark'.]
[You have completed part of the requirements for the quest: Returning to One's Roots.]
[Improve your Shadow Energy to the point the system recognizes its existence (1/1)]
Stopping his introspection for the meantime, Valyr deactivated the other features of [Shadow Eye] for a moment before shifting his gaze to the old man that had appeared before him, flashing a small grin. "Got it recognized."
"I could definitely sense the change." In response, Noel nodded, giving Valyr a slight smile soon after. "However, what you've done is only the first step. There are still a lot of things for you to do in the Shadow Plane before you are truly eligible to fight against a Shadow Serpent."
"With that, there are two objectives on the quest I've given you that you could choose to do at the moment."
"Improving the quality of my Shadow Energy or increasing the quantity of my Shadow Energy, right?" Asking this question, Valyr went ahead and asked another after the elder nodded at his first one. "Which would be faster among the two, Elder Noel?"
"Hmm…" Scratching the back of his head for a bit, Noel rubbed his chin in ponderation for a bit before eventually giving Valyr an answer. "To be honest, increasing the amount of Shadow Energy you have access to at once is generally harder than improving the quality. After all, you have to fight a ton of monsters to increase your quantity, while you would only have to sit down and condense the Shadow Energy that you have to improve its quality."
"So, I should focus on improving my quality first?" asked Valyr in response to Noel's explanation.
"Eh…" Hearing Valyr's question, Noel had a somewhat conflicted expression. "You could definitely go ahead and do that, but condense a single point of Shadow Energy to improve its quality compared to condensing many points of Shadow Energy to improve its quality is leagues apart in difficulty. Unless if you have an affinity towards Shadow Energy, I would recommend you go for quantity first before quality."
"So, quantity it is." Valyr nodded. "You could have told me to focus on quality first, you know?"
"I could, but you wouldn't have known which to prioritize first." Noel nodded in agreement.
"Well… I guess you may be correct." Though Valyr felt that he could come up with a counterargument in response to Noel's statement, the young man decided not to push it any further. "Since I'm going to focus on quality, which monster should I be hunting down, Elder Noel?"
"Since you're still far away from reaching a bottleneck from killing Shadow Bears, then kill those first. Only when you feel like your progress has stagnated will we move onto other monsters," said Noel in response, to which Valyr nodded.
"Any idea on what comes after Shadow Bears, Elder Noel?" Valyr glanced at the old man with a slightly curious expression.
"Shadow Lions and Shadow Tigers." In response, Noel looked back at the young man with a calm expression, as if he was already expecting such a question to be asked.
"I'm guessing they're far away from where the Shadow Bears are." Saying these words, Valyr took note of the old man's faint nod before deciding to make progress in his quest once more.
Taking a deep breath in preparation for what he was going to do, he glanced back at Noel and asked, "How many hours left do we have in this place before we have to head back?"
"Considering you took quite some time to know the ins and outs of your [Shadow Energy Mark], around 10 hours left, give or take." Hearing these words, Valyr sucked in a bit of cold air before letting out a low sigh.
Then, with a determined expression, two orbs of orange crimson flames manifested above his palms as he took a step forward, only to start dashing in the direction of the Shadow Bears not long after.
"I see."
"Then, I won't take long."
Chapter 420: Reaching A Bottleneck
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
A couple of hours had passed since Valyr had obtained recognition from the Shadow Plane and gained the [Shadow Energy Mark] skill.
During those past couple of hours, he had been killing Shadow Bears left and right after being told by Noel to focus on improving the quantity of his Shadow Energy first before deciding to condense it and improve its quality.
While doing so, he took note of the many changes having the [Shadow Energy Mark] skill had while in combat and while not in combat, with the most prominent change being the fact that he felt that his stats were slightly higher than they were without Shadow Energy.
Wanting to ascertain this fact, Valyr tested his hypothesis by using a bit of his Shadow Energy in sending a lone Shadow Bear to the afterlife, faintly nodding after sensing that all of his stats had reduced by a point or two.
With that in mind, he now understood that utilizing Shadow Energy was a balancing act between consuming it to land devastatingly strong attacks and conserving it to maintain a constant increase in his stats.
'Fortunately, using any of the skills from [Shadow Serpent Combat Style] would gradually reduce my stats, hence I am forced to not use Shadow Energy whatsoever.' At that moment of understanding, Valyr muttered this thought to himself, only to let out a wry chuckle not long after. 'Or should it be unfortunately instead?'
After taking note of the change [Shadow Energy Mark] had brought to his combat style, he also took note of the fact that whenever he killed a creature from the Shadow Plane, a notification would pop up in response as his body absorbed the remnant Shadow Energy from the creature he killed.
Ding!
[Your Shadow Energy stat has improved by 0.03 points.]
On the very first Shadow Bear he had killed after obtaining the [Shadow Energy Mark], Valyr was quite surprised to obtain a notification from the system that his Shadow Energy stat had improved by 0.1 points, prompting him to think that it wouldn't take long for him to accumulate 10 points and improve his Shadow Energy's quality.
However, recalling the words Noel had mentioned to him earlier about not reaching a bottleneck from fighting Shadow Bears yet, it did not take long for Valyr to change his mindset, going through all of the Shadow Bears as quickly as possible to ensure that the rate of improvement of his Shadow Energy stat was consistent. e. co
…
"[Crimson Blade Torrent]!"
"Graaaaaooo!!!" Watching as a swarm of blades made out of orange crimson flames headed towards its way, the Shadow Bear's instinct to charge towards Valyr no matter what swiftly disappeared, being replaced with the strong urge to flee as it tried its hardest to turn tail and run.
Unfortunately, just like the other Shadow Bears Valyr had slain during the past couple of hours, the Shadow Bear was unable to distance itself from the blades, with most of them landing grievous damage on its body as it was gradually debilitated with each consecutive blow.
By the end of it, what was left of the Shadow Bear was nothing more than a slightly disfigured corpse, to which Valyr stared at for a bit, only to let out a faint sigh soon after.
Whoosh!
A couple of seconds later, the condensed Shadow Energy the Shadow Bear had cultivated gradually extricated itself from the corpse before zipping through the air to enter Valyr's body not long after, making its way to the small black mass near Valyr's heart.
Ding!
[Your Shadow Energy has improved by 0.01 points.]
[Your Shadow Energy has reached a bottleneck. From now onwards, killing Shadow Bears and lesser entities shall not net you any increase in Shadow Energy.]
"I finally reached that bottleneck Noel was talking about." Deciding to use the time to take a quick break, Valyr sat down on a nearby boulder to catch his breath, commanding the system to bring up the description of [Shadow Energy Mark] sometime later.
Ding!
[Shadow Energy Mark] (Lv. MAX)
Rarity: ???
Shadow Energy: 3/3
Grade: Impure (Common)
Throughout the ages, a great number of beings have come into contact with Shadow Energy and have used its properties for their own uses, manipulating it as they see fit. However, only a select few have truly tapped into it, with only those who have traversed its origin, the Shadow Plane, being able to do so.
As someone who has traversed the Shadow Plane, your connection with Shadow Energy has gained the recognition of the system, as well as the Shadow Plane itself, with the latter giving you a proof of identity that your control of Shadow Energy has now reached the level of a native creature of the Shadow Plane.
This proof of identity is none other than the Shadow Energy Mark, a mark that takes on multiple forms depending on the being the Shadow Plane recognizes. It allows the one who has been recognized to improve the amount of Shadow Energy they control, as well as the quality of the Shadow Energy they control, eventually giving them the ability to traverse the Shadow Plane unimpeded.
This skill allows the user to tap into Shadow Energy at any time, not needing to form a connection with the Shadow Plane anymore whenever the user wishes to do so. This skill also allows the user to store a small amount of Shadow Energy within their bodies, which could be improved by absorbing the Shadow Energy of other creatures within the Shadow Plane.
This skill also allows the user to gain a boosting effect from the Shadow Energy within their bodies, with each point of Shadow Energy the user currently has inside their bodies boosting all of their physical and mental stats by 0.5% (Current boost: 1.5%).
"Killing the Shadow Bears gave me an increase of two points, huh." Closing the screen once he was done reading, Valyr thought about how the Shadow Mammoths had more or less allowed his Shadow Energy to reach one point, with the increase the Shadow Bears brought to his Shadow Energy being double that.
"Hmm… since Shadow Lions and Shadow Tigers are next, would they increase my Shadow Energy by three points, or would they increase it by four?"
"Hmm…" Pondering over it for a bit, Valyr scratched the back of his head, letting out a low sigh not long after as he stood up, feeling like he had taken a long enough break. "Well, whatever the answer may be…"
"There's only one way to find out."
Chapter 421: The Tiers Of Cleansing
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Whoosh!
"Finally done with the Shadow Bears, kid?" Seeing that Valyr had finally taken a break after killing Shadow Bears for so long, Noel jumped down from the branch he was sitting on, appearing in front of the young man he had keeping an eye on. ewel. o
"I guess so." Valyr nodded in response. "I just gained a notification from the system that killing Shadow Bears wouldn't net me any Shadow Energy, so…"
"I see." Listening to Valyr's words, Noel gave the young man a faint nod before proceeding to look at their surroundings, eventually focusing his gaze on a specific direction a few seconds later. "Since that's the case, I guess it's time for you to start killing Shadow Lions, then."
"Alright." Nodding in response to the old man's words, Valyr went ahead and followed behind Noel, with the two of them zooming through the vast water plains of the Shadow Plane at speeds incomprehensible to a normal person. With the Shadow Energy faintly boosting Valyr's stats, this speed was increased by a considerable margin, making the trip to the next area a bit shorter than it would normally be.
"Say, Elder Noel. I've been curious about something." Whilst the two of them were making their way to the area where the Shadow Lions were, Valyr glanced at the elder beside him and threw a question. "You put it as an objective on the quest you gave me to improve my Shadow Energy to the grade of 1st Cleansing."
"That, I did." Noel faintly nodded, his eyes still glued to what was in front of them.
"How hard is it to reach that grade?" Taking note of the old man's response, Valyr went ahead and asked the question he wanted to ask him in the first place, only to follow up with an additional question after that. "Also, how many grades are there in total?"
"Well…" Hearing the question thrown at him, Noel briefly scratched the back of his head as the gears in his mind turned. "The difficulty of reaching the grade of 1st Cleansing depends from person to person. But from what I've gathered while imparting to others the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass in the past, you could say that achieving it is a bit on the difficult side."
"After all, it's the third grade of quality you could attain on your [Shadow Energy Mark]," said Noel soon after.
Becoming silent for a bit as the two of them continued to run, Noel eventually opened his mouth once more, proceeding to go somewhat in-depth in his explanation regarding the grades of Shadow Energy quality to Valyr. "As far as I've attained, there are a total of seven grades to the Shadow Energy you could tap into."
"Would I be correct in saying that your current grade of Shadow Energy is Impure?"
Hearing that question, Valyr went silent for a couple of seconds before nodding in response. Nodding back at the young man, Noel then continued, "Impure would be the first and easiest grade of quality one could obtain through their [Shadow Energy Mark], considering that it's the default quality most people get when obtaining their mark for the first time."
"However, for those who are a bit more talented or have a considerably high affinity for Shadow Energy, the quality of their Shadow Energy could reach a grade of Pure. With how the Impure grade corresponds to the Common rarity, then Pure grade corresponds to the Uncommon rarity, bringing along with it a great number of benefits those with Impure grade Shadow Energy don't have."
"Of course, the higher the quality grade of your Shadow Energy, the more prominent these benefits get." At these words, Noel looked at the young man and flashed a slight grin. "After Pure comes the 1st Cleansing, which basically means that you're turning your already pure Shadow Energy and condensing it into a far purer form, with the 2nd Cleansing and 3rd Cleansing grade after that being more or less the same thing."
"However, after the 3rd Cleansing grade, rather than focusing on condensing your Shadow Energy to make it purer, you instead condense your Shadow Energy to transform it into a greater version of itself."
"This grade is called the 1st Metamorphosis." Saying these words, Noel's expression turned somewhat solemn, letting out a soft sigh soon after. "Out of all the people I've imparted the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass to thus far, only I have been able to reach this grade. In fact, I've even gone beyond it and achieved 2nd Metamorphosis."
"I presume that the grade after that would be 3rd Metamorphosis, considering the pattern that exists in the previous grades, but I can't be so sure." At these words, Noel took a look at Valyr. "In any case, I hope you could be the next person to achieve what I have achieved, especially since I've gone out of my way to accompany you to the Shadow Plane."
"I won't make any promises, but I'll definitely try my best, Elder Noel. After all, even I think it's a waste to only stop at becoming a Shadow Serpentine Lancer." Committing all of the information he had obtained from Elder Noel to memory, Valyr gave the old man a response that more or less satisfied the latter.
After that, the two of them redoubled their efforts in traversing the Shadow Plane, eventually arriving at the area for Shadow Lions a few minutes later.
…
"Here we are." Gradually reducing their speed to a grinding halt, Noel took a look at the area in front of them before shifting his gaze to the young man. "I don't have a lot to tell you about the Shadow Lions, except for the fact that they're creatures solidly at Rank 3."
"Oh, and also, they're pretty territorial. Either way, I'm pretty sure you'll be able to take them down without much of a problem." Taking Noel's words to heart, Valyr waved farewell to the old man before proceeding to head deeper into the area before them.
Surprisingly, not even a couple minutes later, Valyr had come into contact with one of the Shadow Lions he had to fight against, blurting out what he thought about the Shadow Lions in his mind as he identified the creature before him.
"That's… definitely a cat-sized lion."
Ding!
[Shadow Lion (Epic Elite)] (Level 45)
Class: Shadow Lion (Uncommon)
HP: 6,144/6,144
MP: 2,640/2,640
Stats: 256 VIT, 352 STR, 376 AGI, 298 DEX, 110 INT, 176 WIS, 184 PER, 90 LUK
Skills: [Charge], [Swipe], [Basic Shadow Energy Affinity], [Inferior Regeneration], [Berserk], [Basic Physical Damage Resistance],…
Remarks: Ever imagined a cat with a mane?
Chapter 422: Facing The Shadow Lions
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
With Valyr moving onto the Shadow Lions to progress past the bottleneck he had obtained after slaying a lot of Shadow Bears, yet another couple of hours had passed since the young man had begun his killing spree.
Similar to the first Shadow Bear he had killed after obtaining the [Shadow Energy Mark], Valyr had earned a great level of improvement to his [Shadow Energy Mark] after absorbing the Shadow Energy of the Shadow Lion he had killed.
However, aside from that, the great increase in his capacity accompanied with it a feeling that was quite difficult to describe in great detail. Though, if Valyr were to sum it up into one word, then the feeling he felt from the absorption of Shadow Energy would be…
An explosion.
At the very moment the Shadow Energy from the Shadow Lion made contact with Valyr's body and made its way to the small black mass near his heart, the young man felt a small explosion occur within the small black mass, which caused the black mass to grow a small amount in size, while the amount of Shadow Energy it could now store at one time now seemed greater than ever before.
If Valyr were to describe the difference between the amount of Shadow Energy the small black mass could store previously to after the explosion had occurred, it was akin to comparing a small puddle to a considerably sized lake.
Nevertheless, after that, Valyr placed most of his focus into killing the Shadow Lions as quickly as possible, taking into consideration that they only had less than eight hours left to stay in the Shadow Plane after he had reached his first bottleneck.
With that, the young man went into a frenzy during the past couple of hours, not holding back in his consumption of mana as he wantonly sent out all of the strongest magic-based attacks he could muster, trying to keep the same combat efficiency he had while fighting the Shadow Bears as much as possible.
…
"[Intermediate Fire Magic Style: Cascading Blaze]."
"[Intermediate Wind Magic Style: Billowing Tempest]."
"Combine."
Whoosh!
Watching a group of Shadow Lions hastily make their way to where he currently stood, Valyr had a solemn expression on his face as he conjured one magic spell after another, only to combine them together before sending them out in the Shadow Lions' direction.
With how Valyr had used this combination of magic spells multiple times already, it did not take long for the effect he wanted to achieve to appear before him, causing a massive tornado of flames to appear in front of Valyr and the Shadow Lions, spanning a height over a few dozen feet within seconds.
Whenever Valyr unleashed this move against a group of Shadow Bears, this move was more than enough to cancel out the aggressiveness brought about by the Mark of the Alltide, with the feeling of fear instead debilitating their bodies as they tried to run away.
However… vel. c૦m
"Oh?" Raising his eyebrow in surprise, Valyr watched as the Shadow Lions continued to run in his direction, even though the blazing tornado was on their path. Pondering over the reason why the group of lions showed no fear in front of the large tornado, the young man watched as the Shadow Lions ran through the tornado, allowing their bodies to be singed by the scalding flames as their eyes still contained a fierce crimson glint within them.
"Hmm… it probably has something to do with the disparity in levels and stats. Then again, the specifics of how far that disparity needs to be is something that could only be found out with a lot of experimentation." Scratching his head for a bit, Valyr slightly shrugged his shoulders as he watched the now somewhat burned Shadow Lions exit the flaming tornado, continuing on their paths to head to where he was without any change in their expression.
"Anyways… I shouldn't delay this any longer."
"[Intermediate Crimson Flame Manipulation]."
"[Crimson Blade Torrent]."
Whoosh!
Taking a quick peek through [Greater Analysis] to see how much damage the blazing tornado had dealt to the group of Shadow Lions, Valyr went ahead and conjured what he considered was one of the most destructive skills in his arsenal, sending out a barrage of blades made out of orange crimson flames towards the Shadow Lions.
Surprisingly, compared to the large flaming tornado that appeared before them, the Shadow Lions hesitated for a bit as they saw a swarm of orange crimson blades head their way, feeling a hint of fear rise up in their bodies for a brief moment. However, before this feeling of fear could take root, the crimson glint in their eyes grew brighter as the aggressiveness they had before appeared once more in full force.
With that, the Shadow Lions unhesitatingly made contact with the blades of orange crimson flames, causing more and more damage to pile up on their bodies as their skin became more and more charred. Eventually, the Shadow Lions realized that they were nearing their demise, finally allowing their instincts to flee in front of a stronger foe to take over.
Unfortunately, before they were able to do so, their final strands of vitality had left their bodies, allowing the young man they had planned to kill to reap his rewards.
Ding!
[Your Shadow Energy has improved by 0.05 points.]
[Your Shadow Energy has reached a bottleneck. From now onwards, killing Shadow Lions and lesser entities shall not net you any increase in Shadow Energy.]
Watching as the Shadow Energy from the Shadow Lions' corpses made their way to the small black mass near his heart, Valyr took a look at the description for [Shadow Energy Mark], taking note of the fact that he could now store six points of Shadow Energy instead of three, as well as the fact that his stats were now boosted by 3% instead of 1.5%.
'I guess it would be safe to assume at this point that reaching the bottleneck with the Shadow Tigers would allow me to reach the 10 point mark.' Letting out a short sigh of relief as he sat on the ground to take a bit of rest, Valyr watched as Noel made his way to where he was, a faint smile adorning the latter's face.
"After this, you only have to kill the Shadow Tigers and you'll have enough Shadow Energy to attempt improving its quality with a high chance of success," said Noel to him. "Considering that there's only six hours left before we have to leave the Shadow Plane, I think there's a chance you might finish all of the objectives needed to fight the Shadow Serpent."
"A chance, huh." Staring out at the topsy-turvy landscape of the Shadow Plane for a bit, Valyr breathed out yet another sigh before standing up, only to look at Noel with a confident smile.
"Well… with how everything's progressing so far…"
"It definitely feels like I can do it."
Chapter 423: Testing A New Skill
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"And… we're here." After talking with each other for a bit regarding the progress Valyr was making in completing the objectives he had given him, Noel and the former eventually made their way to the area where the Shadow Tigers resided, being in a location that was farther from the Shadow Lions, Shadow Bears, and Shadow Mammoths combined.
Because of the distance they would have to traverse, Noel did not spare any hesitation in buffing the two of them with the strongest movement speed buffing skills he had in arsenal, allowing them to traverse the long distance that separated them to the Shadow Tigers in the same amount of time it took them to reach the Shadow Bears, possibly even less.
While crossing through the vast wilderness of the Shadow Plane, Valyr asked Noel as to how one would go about improving the quality of one's Shadow Energy, seeing as how he was going to do so after he was done with the Shadow Tigers. In response, Noel gave him a more in-depth explanation on the refining process.
"I mentioned to you earlier during the explanation on the various qualities that you would have to condense your Shadow Energy into a far purer form to increase its quality, right?"
"Yes, Elder Noel." Valyr nodded in response.
"Frankly, the process in improving your Shadow Energy to a higher quality is a bit more complicated than that, but the choice of words I've used more or less sums up what you need to do," said Noel after nodding back. "In short, what you need to do is to manipulate your Shadow Energy to congregate towards a certain spot and then control them to squeeze each other tightly."
"Of course, if it were just that, then almost every prominent Shadow Serpentine Lancer in Veldanyr would have a Shadow Energy quality grade of 3rd Cleansing, perhaps even 1st Metamorphosis." At these words, Noel flashed a wry smile.
"Instead, while you're forcing all of the Shadow Energy to congregate towards a certain spot, you must also remove the impurities within the Shadow Energy that arise from the squeezing you're doing. Eventually, once you remove all the impurities within it while continue to force the Shadow Energy to squeeze in one tiny spot, the Shadow Energy itself will take over the process and improve in its quality."
"The process to achieve 1st Cleansing and the higher grade are somewhat different than what you have to do to go from Impure to Pure, which was what I just explained." Noel briefly glanced at Valyr before returning his gaze to what was before them. "But for the most part, the process is more or less the same, with just a few additions or omissions in certain grades."
Nodding after Noel was finished explaining, Valyr committed the information he had just received to memory as the two of them continued to head to where the Shadow Tigers were, eventually arriving at its periphery around 10 minutes later.
…
Whoosh! Whoosh!
At the very instant the two had arrived at the periphery of the area where the Shadow Tigers resided, Noel swiftly jumped to a nearby branch, turning around to look at Valyr soon after to beckon the young man to get onto a branch as well. Slightly curious, as well as confused as to why he had to do just that, the young man still went ahead and did it, setting foot on a branch that was adjacent to where Noel stood.
"What's with the standing on branches, Elder Noel?" Taking a look at the old man in front of him, Valyr threw a question at the former.
"Remember how I said the Shadow Lions were territorial?" However, rather than answer the question outright, Noel instead threw a question back at the young man, to which the latter responded with a nod.
"Well, you could consider the Shadow Tigers a slightly worse version of the Shadow Lions," said Noel in response. "Of course, I don't mean worse by them being weaker than the Shadow Lions."
"Instead, they're a worse opponent to fight against." At these words, Noel looked at Valyr with a solemn expression. "For one, their strength is solidly in the later levels of Rank 3."
"As for how territorial they are… I'm pretty sure us standing on branches more or less answers that question."
"I… see." Becoming silent for a bit as he pondered over his strategy in fighting the Shadow Tigers, Valyr thought about how it was possible for him to aggro a lot of Shadow Tigers at once and kill them in one go. After all, all he had to do was sling his usual attacks from the trees and continue moving until he had amassed a great number of them.
'But then that would instantly put me at a disadvantage if I ever slip and fall down.' Slightly frowning, Valyr then thought about how he could use [Tide of the Dark Night] to circumvent that problem, only to then think about the possibility of them having far higher health than the amount of damage he could with the skill at once.
Of course, there was also the fact that he would become weaker the longer he remained in combat whenever he wielded the spear, which would eventually put him at a far greater disadvantage against the Shadow Tigers.
"Hmm…" Deciding to sit on the branch to ponder over it for a bit more, a thought eventually surfaced in Valyr's mind, prompting him to recall the skill that he wanted to test out after he had gotten it, but had no time to do so due to the sudden invitation to the Shadow Plane.
'There's also the fact that I was planning to compare it to the conventional skills of the same type, but then again… I guess this skill would solve one of the issues I would have while fighting against the Shadow Tigers… probably.' Briefly scratching his head as he wondered whether the skill would truly solve one of his problems or not, Valyr decided to take a look at its description once more, wanting to refresh his knowledge of its capabilities.
"System…"
"Bring up the description for [Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts]."
Chapter 424: Orcbeasts
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Ding!
Accompanied with a soft chime sound, a small screen containing information on [Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts] appeared in front of Valyr's field of vision, prompting the young man to take a look at it.
[Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts] (Level 1/10)
Rarity: Common+
Originally a haphazard attempt by the Sage of Erudition in modifying the unique summoning arts of the orcs to fit the capabilities of human summoners, this skill has given great attention by the Sage of Erudition in his later years, allowing its foundational levels to be sturdy and have no problems. However, due to the Sage of Erudition meeting an untimely death, the final stages of the skill have yet to be finalized.
And thus, he passes it onto you.
This skill allows the user to tap into the unique summoning arts of the orcs, giving the user the capability to summon beasts that have been specifically tamed and trained by the orcs to accompany them in the wake of battle: the Orcbeasts. Orcbeasts summoned through this skill scale off the user's stats at the moment they are summoned, with the user gaining the option to either consciously control their every movement or give simple orders that they shall unhesitatingly obey.
Orcbeasts currently able for summoning: [Arx'has Boar]
Maximum number of Orcbeasts: 2
Cooldown: 1 minute
Cost: Depending on the summoned Orcbeast
'He said back then that he made this skill in passing after talking to a few human summoners, but this skill says that he actually put in a great amount of effort into refining it.' Refreshing his knowledge regarding the capabilities of the summoning skill An'xhur had given him, Valyr thought about the words the half-orc had said to him about the skill before they parted ways.
'I don't know if he just wanted to downplay the fact he put in effort into the skill, or if it was a project he was embarking in secret to try and improve the relationship between the humans and the orcs even more.' Inwardly shrugging his shoulders as his mind briefly thought about what-ifs, Valyr then commanded the system to bring up the description of the only Orcbeast he could summon through the skill, causing another screen to appear in front of his field of vision seconds later.
Ding!
[Arx'has Boar]
The Arx'has Boar is a species of boar native to the Khagarax Empire, achieved through multiple generations of selective breeding by the combat researchers of the orc race. Because of this, these boars have great resilience, strength, and speed, acting as mounts that orc warriors would generally use on the battlefield.
However, due to the exact same reason why these boars have superb physical capabilities, their mental capabilities have become affected, with their mental fortitude weak enough to instantly turn tail and run under the presence of a mighty foe.
Once summoned through the [Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts], this boar shall have 25% of the user's VIT, STR, AGI, and DEX, 10% of the user's INT and WIS, and 15% of the user's PER and LUK.
Cost to summon: 1,000 MP
'That's actually pretty good.' Closing the two screens before him after he was done reading, Valyr's eyes slightly widened in surprise as he thought about the stats the Arx'has Boar would get once it was summoned. Compared to the summoning skill that came with his spear, [Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts] was leagues ahead in terms of flexibility and performance.
'Hmm…' As the gears in his mind turned for a bit, the young man eventually brought out a couple of Skill Keys from his spatial bracelet, spending over 80,000 XP to bring the skill to its max level before proceeding to evolve it to the next grade with a Common grade Skill Key.
Ding! . oｍ
[Would you like to use 1 Common Skill Key and spend 100,000 XP to evolve 'Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts' to the next grade?]
"Of course." Hearing the prompt resound in his mind, a faint smile flashed on Valyr's face as he proceeded to confirm his choice to evolve the skill.
Ding!
[You have successfully evolved 'Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts' to Uncommon+ grade.]
[The skill 'Basic Shamanic Summoning Arts' has evolved to 'Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts' due to the change in grade.]
After looking through the notifications he had just received, Valyr went ahead and brought up the description of the newly evolved skill, wanting to see what changes had occurred.
'Oh?' Unsurprisingly, it did not take long for the young man to notice a couple of large changes to the functionality of the skill, becoming silent for a bit before proceeding to spend a single Uncommon grade Skill Key and a bit over 900,000 XP to improve the skill to its max level.
Ding!
[You have upgraded the skill 'Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts' to Level 20 (MAX).]
[You do not meet the requirements necessary to evolve the skill to a higher grade.]
Taking in a deep breath as thoughts of whether he had made the right choice or not started to fill his mind, Valyr went ahead and brought up the description of the skill once more, hoping to see that the choice he had made was, in fact, correct.
Fortunately, after reading through its description, he became more certain that it was.
Ding!
[Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts] (Level 20/20)
Rarity: Uncommon+
Originally a haphazard… description has been omitted.
This skill also allows the user to spend more mana in the summoning process of the Orcbeasts, granting them the ability to improve their stats and evolve the more they fight, consuming part of the XP the user gains during these fights in the process.
Eventually, once these Orcbeasts have improved enough, they would gain sentience and become beings that do not fall under the control of the skill. However, these sentient Orcbeasts still have undying loyalty to the user that has summoned them.
Orcbeasts currently able for summoning: [Arx'has Boar]
Maximum number of Orcbeasts: 5
Cooldown: 1 minute
Cost (Normal Summoning): Depending on the summoned Orcbeast
Cost (Growth Summoning): 3x the cost of the summoned Orcbeast
Chapter 425: A Round Of Combat Testing
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"So… what are you planning to do to fight against the Shadow Tigers?" Seeing that it had been a few minutes since Valyr became silent, Noel decided to break the silence by asking the former a question, prompting the young man to stop what he was doing for a bit, closing the screen he had just brought up as he looked at the old man in front of him with a faint knowing smile.
"Well… let's just say I have a skill up my sleeve that would probably help me out." As Valyr said these words, Noel raised his eyebrow in curiosity, soon asking the young man as to what he meant by that. In response, Valyr told him that he would have to wait until he was ready to start moving.
Though Noel had a slight frown on his face after hearing that, the elder stayed put and allowed Valyr to do his own thing once more, which prompted the latter to inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he commanded the system to bring up the description of the [Arx'has Boar], wanting to see whether the changes to the skill brought by the evolution also applied to the Orcbeasts he could summon.
"No way." As the notification sound resounded in his mind, Valyr read through the contents of the screen before him, inadvertently blurting out his reaction to the change.
Of course, the change was all positive.
Ding!
[Arx'has Boar]
The Arx'has Boar… description has been omitted.
Once summoned through the normal summoning method of [Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts], this boar shall have 35% of the user's VIT, STR, AGI, and DEX, 20% of the user's INT and WIS, and 25% of the user's PER and LUK.
However, once summoned through the growth summoning method of [Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts], this boar shall also gain the ability to improve its stats by 0.5% of its original stats per gained level, with each subsequent tier the boar passes improving this percentage by 0.3%, reaching a maximum of 2% of its original stats per gained level before it achieves sentience.
Cost to summon: 1,000 MP
'If I summon an Arx'has Boar through the growth summoning method the skill gained, considering that its stats ranges from a quarter to two-fifths of my current stats, factoring in the improvement per level it gains and how it changes per tier…'
Naturally, Valyr voicing out his surprise piqued the interest of the old man, prompting the latter to ask the young man what had happened for him to react that way. Unfortunately for Noel, rather than obtain an answer to his question, Valyr instead flashed a knowing smile at him, telling the elder through his expression that he would find out with due time.
'By the time the Arx'has Boar reaches the peak of Rank 5, it would probably be able to handle Rank 4 beings without a problem, perhaps a couple of weaker peak Rank 4 beings even.' After responding to Noel's question, Valyr returned his thoughts to how strong an Arx'has Boar would become through the new summoning method the skill gave him access to, finding the conclusion somewhat satisfactory.
'Then again, with the curse in play, hehehe…' Though, after recalling the fact that the skill would be affected by the Mark of the Alltide, a slight grin slowly crept up onto Valyr's face as he let out a faint yet mischievous chuckle.
Whoosh!
Closing the screen that was in front of him, Valyr soon began to move in the direction of a Shadow Tiger, prompting Noel to follow behind him to see what plan the young man had in store. While doing so, the gears in Valyr's mind started to turn as he began to think out loud.
"Considering how summoning a single Arx'has Boar through the growth summoning method costs at least half of my current mana pool, I could choose whether to summon five normal Arx'has Boars or summon two Arx'has Boars that have the ability to grow." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr thought back to his original plan of dealing with the Shadow Tigers by aggroing a lot of them before finishing them off with one destructive skill.
Becoming silent for a bit, Valyr thought about how five normal boars would allow him to aggro a great number of Shadow Tigers at once, but at the cost of having to re-summon them every time due to the difference in strength between the boars and the tigers. After that, he replaced the five normal Arx'has Boars with the two growth Arx'has Boars in his mind, imagining how the latter would fare in taunting a lot of Shadow Tigers at once.
"At this point, it's probably a no-brainer." Swiftly coming to a conclusion in his mind, Valyr soon jumped down from the branches, landing at an area on the ground that he surveyed to not have any Shadow Tigers nearby. Noticing this, Noel stopped in his tracks, watching Valyr from the branches to see what the latter was up to.
"Ih pyn'ah tt'wagg k'ahn haap nmal'kas at meht'tagg!" Expecting to see the young man on the ground either summon his spear or conjure a strong magic skill, Noel was left at a loss for words when he instead saw Valyr begin to chant a string of words that sounded gibberish to his ears.
Though, just as he was about to head to where Valyr was and ask what the young man was doing, those thoughts disappeared in Noel's mind in the meantime as he watched the young man place both of his hands on the ground, chanting the string of gibberish-sounding words once more before proceeding to channel mana through his hands.
Swoosh!
Within seconds, a complex magic circle made up of multiple runes appeared before Valyr, consuming a great portion of his mana pool before giving the young man the feeling that it could continue operating without his input. With that, Valyr stepped back and allowed the magic circle to do its thing, keeping the cooldown of the summoning skill in mind as he watched the magic circle before him absorb the ambient mana in the surroundings.
By the time the first magic circle he had conjured was around halfway to becoming saturated with mana, Valyr felt that he was able to use the summoning skill once more. Without hesitation, he distanced himself from the first magic circle, only to do the same thing all over again, chanting a string of gibberish-sounding words before slamming his hands to the ground and infusing it with mana.
Swoosh!
Taking in a few deep breaths as he allowed his mana to regenerate, Valyr sat on a nearby boulder as he watched the two magic circles absorb the ambient mana in the surroundings and do their thing. Eventually, the first magic circle had become saturated with mana, prompting the mana it had absorbed to congregate at the center as a boar spanning over four meters in length manifested on top of that.
Sometime later, the second magic circle had become saturated with mana as well, undergoing through the same process as a boar of the same size appeared before Valyr.
"Well then…" With a somewhat excited smile adorning his face, Valyr stood up from where he sat as he moved closer to the boars, noticing that both of them were looking at him. With both boars giving off the feeling that they were connected to him in soul, the young man went ahead and identified their stats as he asked them a rhetorical question.
"Let's do some combat testing, shall we?"
Chapter 426: The Game Plan
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"Gork!" In response to his rhetorical question, the two boars let out a deep yet brief snort in unison, causing the smile on Valyr's face to become wider as he returned his attention to the status screen he had just brought up.
Ding!
[Arx'has Boar (Elite)] (Level 1)
Class: Arx'has Boar
HP: 1,765/1,765
MP: 914/914
Stats: 139 VIT, 110 STR, 120 AGI, 199 DEX, 72 INT, 34 WIS, 61 PER, 23 LUK
Skills: [Charge], [Basic Physical Damage Resistance], [Basic Physical Damage Nullification], [Inferior Regeneration]
Remarks: Although it is lacking in the mental department, it is still a superbly strong being at Level 1.
'Well, with these stats, they won't be doing any of the attacking any time soon.' Getting a rough idea of the capabilities of the two Arx'has Boars before him, Valyr proceeded to close the screen he had brought up before shifting his gaze to the two boars, taking a look at them in greater detail.
Aside from the fact that they were over four meters in length, these boars stood at a height of just a little bit over a meter while standing, giving Valyr the feeling that the boars would overwhelm him in terms of body size. Then again, with the disparity that existed between their stats, that feeling had become more or less negligible, prompting him to move his attention onto the other parts of the Arx'has Boars.
'I wonder how much they'll level up after taking on one round of Shadow Tigers?' As this question lingered in his mind, Valyr moved closer to the boars, taking note of the fact that the two were still looking at every move he made. With that, he shifted his gaze to their ash gray fur, which surprisingly glowed a faint brown under the dim lighting of the Shadow Plane.
After that, Valyr grazed his hands over it, only to find it surprisingly soft to the touch.
'I guess that's part of the reason why these guys were chosen as mounts for the orc warriors, aside from their large size.' Seeing that the other boar was conveying to Valyr through its expression that it wanted its fur to be ruffled as well, the young man let out a faint chuckle before proceeding to do the same thing to the other boar, which made both of the boars let out a satisfied grunt in response.
"Alright. Let's talk about our game plan." Feeling that he had spent enough time familiarizing himself with the two Arx'has Boars, Valyr moved in front of them before proceeding to initiate a conversation with them. Though their response to his words was nothing more but a simple snort, with the connection the two had to his soul, Valyr nodded back in response as he went silent for a bit.
"Hmm… how about this? I'll be scouting ahead for signs of Shadow Tigers while you two will maintain a set distance behind me." Saying these words, Valyr looked at the two to see if they understood. Fortunately, even though it took a while for the gears in their mind to turn, the two boars let out an affirmative grunt in response, allowing the young man to continue with his explanation.
"Then, once I find signs of Shadow Tigers, I'll give you guys a signal and that'll be your cue to wrangle them all up so I could deal with them in one hit."
After Valyr had finished laying down his plan to the two boars, he then proceeded to make a sharp whistle sound with his mouth, informing the two boars of the signal that they had to listen to. Of course, with how the mental faculties of the Arx'has Boars were somewhat lagging behind their physical capabilities, Valyr was forced to explain the entire plan to the two a couple more times, growing slightly more annoyed with every subsequent repetition.
"Gork." Thankfully, the two boars eventually understood what Valyr wanted to happen, prompting the two to let out affirmative snorts in unison, causing the young man to let out a long sigh of relief while nodding.
Taking in a deep breath, Valyr turned around to look at the area in front of them before proceeding to hop onto a nearby branch. Then, nodding at the boars to signal that their plan was beginning, the young man proceeded to move through the branches in search for Shadow Tigers, with the Arx'has Boars tailing behind Valyr, making sure that there was a decent amount of distance between them.
…
"A summoning skill…" Watching Valyr and the two boars he had summoned move farther away from where he stood, Noel's eyes were wide open as he was left at a slight loss for words. "You're telling me he also uses summons in his combat style?"
"Him being a blacksmith is understandable. After all, it's what allowed him to become a candidate for the Four Pillars' Inheritance in the first place," muttered Noel to himself as he tried to make sense of what he had just seen. "Him being a spearman is also understandable, since earning combat experience would help out in forging."
"Him being able to cast magic is also understandable, since it's an incredibly versatile system to use." At these words, the old man scratched the back of his head in slight fury. "But to even have access to summoning skills, and strong summoning skills at that…"
"Absurd." Feeling that he would only get a headache the more he thought about it, Noel shook his head as he placed his current train of thought at the back of his head, deciding to start moving if he wanted to see Valyr's summons in action.
"In any case, those boars Valyr summoned are unlike any type of boar I've seen in the past." Whilst he moved in the direction Valyr and the two boars were heading in, Noel thought back to the appearance of the boars the young man had summoned, rubbing his chin in the process. "I wonder if it's a species of boar unique to the summoning skill he has?"
"Well, whatever the case may be..."
"Let's see if these boars could stand their ground against the Shadow Tigers."
Chapter 427: A Hundred And Eleven
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Whoosh!
After darting around the area for quite some time, Valyr eventually stopped on a sturdy branch, taking note of a creature grazing within his field of vision from over a hundred meters away. Making sure that he did not trigger the curse, Valyr pushed his perception to its limit as he identified the creature with [Greater Analysis] while he continued to track its movements.
Ding!
As a notification sound resounded in his mind, Valyr moved the screen that had popped up in his field of vision to the side as he watched the creature for a bit longer, wanting to see if there was a pattern in its movements. While doing so, he took note of its appearance, which was similar to all of the other creatures he had encountered and killed before in the way that its fur had a darker shade due to it being in the Shadow Plane.
However, rather than its size being similar to the Shadow Bears and Shadow Lions in the way that it was the same size as a cat or a dog, the creature the young man was looking at seemed to be as large as a wolf.
"I guess I'm up against one of the lowest level predators of the Shadow Plane." Muttering these words to himself, Valyr finally took his gaze away from the creature and looked at the screen he had brought up, only to take in a deep breath as he focused on the creature's physical attributes.
[Shadow Tiger (Legendary Elite)] (Level 50)
Class: Shadow Tigris (Uncommon)
HP: 8,592/8,592
MP: 3,240/3,240
Stats: 358 VIT, 513 STR, 506 AGI, 360 DEX, 135 INT, 140 WIS, 259 PER, 113 LUK
Skills: ??? (skills unknown due to disparity in strength and level)
Remarks: Better not get hit by one of those paws.
'Even if I went all out in buffing my stats, I wouldn't be able to escape its clutches even if I wanted to.' Taking in a few more deep breaths as he thought about how he and the boars would go about gaining their attention and killing them, Valyr wondered what his chances of winning were on a one-on-one fight against one of the Shadow Tigers.
'If I only relied on my spearmanship, I'd definitely die.' Of course, it did not take long for him to answer his question, a wry smile gradually creeping up onto his lips. 'Then again, even if I use magic and summoning to fight against the Shadow Tigers, I'd probably still be at the losing end… but at least I'd have a shot at winning.'
'Either way, with the great disparity in stats, the only way to win against them is to catch them off guard.' With that in mind, Valyr proceeded to make a sharp whistle sound with his mouth, prompting the two Arx'has Boars that were trailing behind the young man all this time to start making a ruckus.
Running through the area with all of the speed they could muster, the Arx'has Boars let out loud squeals to attract the Shadow Tigers' attention… which unsurprisingly worked.
"Grooooaarrr…" Letting out a deep growl at the fact that its territory was being trespassed, the Shadow Tiger Valyr had kept his eye on all this time proceeded to head in the direction of where the Arx'has Boars were making sound.
With that, he turned his head to look at what the boars were doing, inwardly nodding in satisfaction once he saw the two boars head their separate ways to attract even more of the Shadow Tigers to where they were.
As time passed, more and more of the Shadow Tigers congregated in the general direction of where the two Arx'has Boars were causing a ruckus, all of them taking their time to head there since they felt that the strength of the beings making the sound were at a level that gave them the confidence to return everything to silence with one hit.
By the time twenty minutes had passed, the two Arx'has Boars had returned to their original locations, with Valyr perched on a top of a nearby branch as he counted the number of Shadow Tigers that had been attracted by what the two boars were doing.
"107… 108… 111…" Feeling like he had moved enough Shadow Tigers into one spot, Valyr stood up and retrieved his spear from his back, inwardly letting out a faint sigh of relief after sensing that his stats weren't decreasing yet. Then, with a loud stomp, he redirected the attention of the Shadow Tigers from the Arx'has Boars to himself as he soon jumped down from the branch.
"Hey!" Shouting out loud to make sure the attention of the Shadow Tigers were solely on him, Valyr proceeded to go over his buffing skills in his mind as he began to circulate Shadow Energy through his body.
Thud!
"Gork!" As Valyr landed on the ground with a loud thud, the two boars spared a glance at him, prompting the young man to nod back at them for a job well done as they began to distance themselves from what was about to happen.
"Groooaarrr…" Aside from the fact that the young man had invaded their territory, with how the young man had given their initial targets the opportunity to flee the scene, all of the Shadow Tigers had become incensed, letting out a deep growl as their auras started to flare up.
"Heh." In response to the hostility the Shadow Tigers were showing, Valyr flared his aura in retaliation, only for it to grow stronger as he then began to activate some of the buffs he had been saving up for this moment.
"[Intermediate Fire Magic Style: Blazing Vigor]."
"[Limit Break]."
"[Offense Aura+]."
Whoosh!
Within seconds, the feeling Valyr's aura gave off was in no way inferior to the auras the Shadow Tigers were giving off. However, because of this response, the Shadow Tigers became far more hostile than before, flaring their auras to their utmost limits as they wanted to show Valyr who among them was the stronger side.
Though, before any of the Shadow Tigers could even make a move on him…
"[Shadow Serpent Style]…"
"[Tide of the Dark Night]."
Chapter 428: Unbelievable Improvement
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Whoosh!
Just as the Shadow Tigers were about to make a move on the being that had stopped them from baring their fangs on their initial target, a wave of dark energy appeared out of nowhere, spanning a height over a few meters tall as it engulfed all of the Shadow Tigers in its vicinity one by one.
"Groooaaarrr!!!" Unsurprisingly, those at the forefront of the group were the first ones to be engulfed by the wave of dark energy, leaving nothing behind from these engulfed bodies whatsoever.
Naturally, a small portion of those at the middle and the back of the group felt a foreboding feeling that all of them would be engulfed by the wave at some point, thinking that the best course of action at this moment was to turn tail and run.
However, before they could even do so, the majority of the Shadow Tigers focused their aggression on the wave of dark energy, forgetting about the being that had taunted them as the wave before them was now the largest threat to their lives.
Watching as the wave grew larger and larger with every passing moment, these Shadow Tigers, whose thoughts were to flee from the area, were left with no choice but to move alongside the majority, considering that the latter had not given them any way out.
Swoosh!
Seeing as the wave continued to grow larger with every passing moment, Valyr returned to the branch he previously perched on top of before proceeding to watch the aftermath of his attack, returning his spear in its original place. Feeling some of the strength siphoned by the spear slowly return to him, a faint smile gradually crept up onto his face, only for it to become wider as he felt a wave of energy enter his body.
Activating one of the abilities of [Shadow Eye], his vision was soon blessed by the sight of a great wave of Shadow Energy from the Shadow Tigers making their way to where he was, inundating his body with a great amount of it that eventually made its way to the black mass near his heart, rapidly increasing the amount of Shadow Energy he had at the moment.
Ding!
[Your Shadow Energy has improved by 1.52 points.]
Eventually, the wave of Shadow Energy he had conjured disappeared, leaving nothing but the watery ground that had turned dark under the effects of [Tide of the Dark Night]. Seeing that Shadow Energy still lingered near the periphery of the area he had unleashed his attack in, Valyr jumped down once more from the branch he was perched on top of, prompting all of the remaining Shadow Energy to head towards his body in a frenzy.
Ding!
[Your Shadow Energy has improved by 0.48 points.]
"Only two points left." Taking a swift look at the description of [Shadow Energy Mark], Valyr soon shifted his gaze to the horizon as he felt the two connections on his soul tug on him. However, expecting to be greeted by a pair of large boars that wanted to be praised for their effort…
He was instead by a pair of massive boars that wanted to be praised for their effort.
"What…" Left at a loss for words, Valyr could only stare at the two boars that were in front of him. Though the connections to his soul told him that the boars before him were the same boars he had summoned earlier, their current appearances were an incredibly stark contrast to how they appeared before.
Now, the boars before Valyr spanned a length of over seven meters, with their heights now above one and a half meters. Aside from that, their fur, which was previously ash gray fur, had now taken on a deeper gray tone, while the brown glow it gave off under the dim light of the Shadow Plane had now become a shade of black.
Continuing to stare at the two boars, the young man wondered to himself what had occurred during their bout against the Shadow Tigers for the two Arx'has Boars to grow so much, already taking into consideration the fact that he knew they would grow after the fight. Thankfully, it only took Valyr a single request to the system to show his notification screen to find out his answer.
Ding!
[With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.]
[You have slain a Level 50 Shadow Tiger (Legendary Elite). You have gained 431,703 XP.]
[Due to the effects of 'Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts', 50% of the XP gained has been allocated evenly to your currently summoned Orcbeasts.]
"Over 400,000 XP from a single monster…" With his eyes wide open, Valyr's mouth turned agape as he thought about the number of Shadow Tigers he had just killed. "Then, with half of it going towards the boars…"
"[Greater Analysis]." Taking in a few deep breaths to compose himself, Valyr shifted his gaze to one of the boars before proceeding to use his identification skill on it.
Ding!
Hearing the notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr prepared himself for what he might see on the screen that would appear before him.
Unfortunately, even preparing for it was far from enough to stop Valyr from feeling the urge to faint then and there.
[Arx'has Boar (Elite)] (Level 35)
Class: Arx'has Boar
HP: 3,204/3,204
MP: 1,674/1,674
Stats: 178 VIT, 141 STR, 153 AGI, 255 DEX, 93 INT, 44 WIS, 78 PER, 30 LUK
Skills: [Ferocious Charge], [Intermediate Physical Damage Resistance], [Intermediate Physical Damage Nullification], [Lesser Regeneration], [Inferior Stamina Regeneration]
Remarks: Incredibly powerful in their rank. Could fight against those of a rank above them, albeit with difficulty. Still lacking in the mental department.
"Level 35…" Sucking in a breath of cold air at the level the Arx'has Boars had achieved from a single bout, it took a while for the increase in level to sink into Valyr's mind, looking at the boars every once in a while in shock before eventually calming down.
However, just as he had calmed himself down from the shock he had just received, a thought swiftly surfaced in his mind, which quickly gnawed at his curiosity due to the fact that it had been quite some time since he last checked it.
'Since the boars were able to level up to Level 35 from just one bout with the Shadow Tigers…'
'How much XP do I have at the moment?' As this question continued to echo and linger in his mind, Valyr commanded the system to show him the amount of unused XP he had with a hint of anxiety.
Ding!
Hearing the ever familiar notification sound resound in his mind once more as a screen appeared before him, the young man took in a deep breath to calm down his nerves… only for his legs to feel weak as he soon fell to the ground on his back, gazing at the sky with a blank stare.
[Unused XP: 188,299,734]
Chapter 429: Time To Refine
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"How theHeckdid I accumulate this much XP…?" Staring at the sky with a blank gaze for quite some time, Valyr was forced to sit upright after the two boars came closer to him, their expressions showing their concern for his wellbeing.
Assuring the two massive boars that he was fine, the young man soon asked the two boars to give some time to think, taking in a few deep breaths to calm down his mind once more as the Arx'has Boars distanced themselves from him.
'So… how did the amount of unused XP I used to have eventually snowball to this amount?' Seeing that the two boars had made sure that their presence wouldn't distract him, Valyr focused all of his attention inward, the gears in his mind starting to turn as he retraced all of the things he had done in the past that gave him XP.
Unsurprisingly, it did not take long for him to recall that almost all of the XP he had gained as of recent were obtained from slaying monsters. However, after pondering over it for a bit more, he soon came to think that he might have slain a far larger number of monsters than he had initially expected, considering that the amount of unused XP he had right now was absurdly large.
Thankfully, the answer started to unfold in his mind once he recalled the notification he had just seen earlier, eliciting a bitter smile to gradually creep up onto his lips as he muttered a few words to himself. "I guess I've been punching above my weight a little bit too much, huh."
Though he had gotten used to fighting against monsters that were a few levels above him, even monsters over ten levels above him such as the Shadow Lions and Shadow Tigers he had just faced off, as well as the Skeleton Archmages he had fought back in the Lesser Meltierre Mountain dungeons, it was only at this moment did it dawn upon him how absurd his strength had become.
"Setting aside all of the skills, titles, and equipment I have at the moment, the root of my absurd strength all boils down to the Mythic class I have," said Valyr to himself, letting out a low sigh after being reminded how he wouldn't be able to achieve what he had achieved so far if not for the class. "All of what I have only augments that strength even further, allowing me to do what I do today."
"In any case, since I have more than enough XP to do so, I should probably do that, considering it affects the strength of my summons." Closing his eyes for a bit, a calm expression eventually returned on Valyr's face as he opened his eyes, coming to terms with the reality check the amount of unused XP he currently owned had given him. "Aside from that, I wouldn't be able to improve past that point because of the inheritance anyway."
Feeling that it was a waste for him to not use even a bit of the unused XP he left untouched all this time, Valyr went ahead and sent a command to the system, only for a notification screen to appear before him not long after that notified him…
…of his successful level up.
Ding!
[13,790,287 XP has been allocated.]
[Your level has increased by 7 levels.]
[You are now Level 40.]
[You have gained the following stats from your class: +28 VIT, +28 STR, +28 AGI, +49 DEX, +49 INT, +14 WIS, +21 PER, and +7 LUK.]
[You have gained the following stats from your subclass: +14 VIT, +7 STR, +21 AGI, and +28 DEX.]
[You have gained 28 unassigned stat points.]
[You have reached the level limit of your current class. To increase this limit, it is highly advised for you to ascend to a higher class.]
[Would you like to ascend?]
Whoosh!
"To think reaching the peak of Rank 2 didn't even consume even a tenth of the XP I currently have." Feeling a strong surge of strength wash over his body as he read through the series of notifications he had received, Valyr found the current situation somewhat amusing, with his actions reminding him once more how much XP he still had left to allocate.
Doing a few basic movements to acclimate to his newfound strength, slowly pushing his body closer and closer to the increased limits his body could handle, Valyr eventually let out a satisfied sigh, allocating his unassigned stat points evenly between his DEX and INT as he pondered to himself whether or not to spend some more of his unused XP on leveling up all of his unleveled skills to their maximum level.
However, rather than make a decision now, he decided that he would make the decision after fighting against the Shadow Tigers some more, calling the Arx'has Boars through the connection they had to his soul to head to where he was.
"Gork." As the two boars did not go too far from where Valyr was, it did not take long for them to appear before him, the expressions they had while staring at the young man being that of curiosity, wondering as to why they had been called.
"It's time for us to continue our combat testing." Responding to their expressions, an excited grin appeared on Valyr's face as he thought about his chances of winning against the Shadow Tigers with his newly improved stats.
With how they were under the young man's control, as well as the fact that they had undergone a great level of improvement from just running around to taunt the Shadow Tigers, it went without saying that the boars had become excited at Valyr's words as well.
And thus, they began their onslaught once more.
…
Similar to the amount of time Valyr had spent fighting against the previous creatures, only stopping once [Shadow Energy Mark] had informed him that he had reached a bottleneck, Valyr and the two boars spent over a couple of hours wrangling all of the Shadow Tigers into one spot before proceeding to eliminate all of them with a single swift yet incredibly destructive move.
Though the number of Shadow Tigers they were able to wrangle up was far lesser than the number of Shadow Tigers they had wrangled during the first bout, each group of Shadow Tigers they eliminated still hovered around the 30 to 40 range, allowing Valyr and the boars to still obtain a large amount of XP with every bout.
Of course, wanting to maximize the amount of XP he had been obtaining from killing the Shadow Tigers, he had summoned three more Arx'has Boars through the growth summoning method, all of which had better base stats than the first two due to Valyr leveling up. Then again, with how much XP the first two Arx'has Boars had amassed throughout their fights so far, the two boars were still far stronger than the three that had been summoned.
Nevertheless, with five boars now working together to congregate the Shadow Tigers into one spot, the efficiency of Valyr's attacks had increased significantly, with most of the groups they were creating now numbering around 80 to 90.
By the time they had killed around 400 Shadow Tigers, Valyr found out that he could change the ratio of gained XP that was shared between him and the Arx'has Boars. Seeing that the amount of unused XP he had at that moment had already surpassed how much he had before he chose to level up, he unhesitatingly changed the allocation ratio…
…to where all of it went towards his summons.
Unsurprisingly, the decision drastically improved the leveling speed of the five Arx'has Boars, especially the three boars that were trying to catch up as much as possible to reach the same level of strength the first two had.
Sadly, all good things had to come to an end as by the time Valyr had killed over 900 Shadow Tigers, a string of notifications had appeared in front of his field of vision.
Ding!
[Your Shadow Energy has improved by 0.03 points.]
[Your Shadow Energy has reached a bottleneck. From now onwards, killing Shadow Tigers and lesser entities shall not net you any increase in Shadow Energy.]
[You have completed part of the requirements for the quest: Returning to One's Roots.]
[Improve your Shadow Energy Mark to contain 10 points of Shadow Energy (10/10)]
Chapter 430: Lurking Dangers
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"Good work everyone. We've achieved what we needed to achieve." Reading through the string of notifications he had just obtained after wiping out yet another group of Shadow Tigers, a bright smile appeared on Valyr's face as he shifted his gaze to the five boars before him. "Go take a break. You deserve it."
"Gork!" In response to Valyr's words, the five boars looked at each other for a bit before returning their gazes back at Valyr, their expressions that of relief and excitement. Letting out snorts filled with gratitude in unison, the five headed to a more secluded area that was near the young man before proceeding to lay down on the cool watery ground.
'With my Shadow Energy finally at 10 points, the only thing left for me to do is to improve its quality to the 1st Cleansing grade and kill a Shadow Serpent.' Watching the boars lie down on the cold ground with satisfied expressions on their faces, Valyr let out a faint chuckle as he decided to lean his back on a nearby tree, staring at the boars for a bit as he recalled the great number of Shadow Tigers they had killed.
With the number of Shadow Tigers he had killed being far more than the number of Shadow Mammoths, Shadow Bears, and Shadow Lions he had killed combined, it went without saying that Valyr had amassed a great amount of XP from doing so.
However, after discovering the ability to change the allocation ratio of XP between him and the boars around halfway into their hunt, he changed the ratio to where all of the XP they would get from the Shadow Tigers would go to the boars instead.
Naturally, such a choice had a massive impact on the growth rate of the five boars.
"Gork." As one of the first two boars let out a long yet relaxed snort, with the others snorting in response, Valyr was reminded of the boars' size once more, with the first two boars now over eight meters in length, with their heights now being tall as Valyr himself. As for the three other boars he had summoned later on, their sizes were slightly lacking compared to the first two, but not by much.
'It just goes to show how it gets progressively more difficult to level up the higher one's level is.' Though this thought lingered in his mind, the amount of XP the boars had obtained from killing the Shadow Tigers was actually more than enough for them to push past the Rank 2 barrier, all of them now solidly within the ranks of Rank 3 beings.
Being the ones who had gotten most of the XP from killing the Shadow Tigers so far, the first two boars Valyr summoned were already at the later levels of Rank 3, only lacking a couple more levels to reach its peak. As for the remaining three, they were all solidly in the middle levels of Rank 3, which gave them a level of strength that did not lose out to the first two boars.
"It definitely sucks that I can't ascend to Rank 3 yet because of the inheritance," muttered Valyr to himself, gradually closing his eyes as he basked himself in the environment. "Then again, the gains I would obtain from participating would help me out in the long term."
"Seeing as you've allowed your summons to take a rest, I suppose you've already achieved 10 points of Shadow Energy?" As Valyr continued to take in the surroundings with a relaxed smile on his face, an old man eventually appeared beside him, throwing a question at the former that prompted him to open his eyes.
"Can't I give them a bit of rest, Elder Noel? After all, they've been helping me out all this time." In response to the question, Valyr let out a slight chuckle, only for his expression to turn solemn soon after. "Either way, I have indeed obtained 10 points of Shadow Energy."
"I suppose I'm going to start improving its quality now?" fe. c
"Unless you want to go and kill a Shadow Serpent?" Hearing this question come out of Noel's mouth, Valyr looked at the old man in response, showing his eagerness to do so with a faint nod. Noticing this, Noel's somewhat joking expression gradually disappeared, being replaced with a solemn expression as he showed through his aura that the young man was far from ready to fight against a Shadow Serpent.
Understanding that he might be possibly skipping steps by forgoing the improvement of his Shadow Energy's quality, Valyr did not insist on fighting against the Shadow Serpent any further, instead shifting the topic by asking about how he would go about improving his Shadow Energy's quality.
"I believe I've already told you how to do that, no?" Raising his eyebrow in slight confusion, Noel began to distance himself from the young man, giving the latter ample space to focus all of his attention on himself. "In any case, achieve a Shadow Energy quality of Pure grade first. Only then will I start giving you more information on the upgrading process."
"Condense the Shadow Energy into one spot and remove the impurities that appear out of it…" Going through the memories he had saved in his mind, Valyr soon recalled the words Noel had spoken to him a few hours ago regarding the upgrading process. "That's all I need to do, right?"
"That's all you need to do, yes." Noel firmly nodded in response. "However, I will advise you to try and be quicker, though. With how much time you've taken to reach the bottleneck against the Shadow Tigers, we only have less than four hours left before we have to leave the Shadow Plane."
"I haven't really thought much about it so far, but what would exactly happen if we were to not leave the Shadow Plane before those four hours are up?" As Valyr asked this question to the old man, he began to sit on the ground cross-legged in preparation for what he was about to do, thinking that the only reason why Noel wanted them to leave the Shadow Plane in less than four hours left was because the sun would set at that time.
However, judging from the slightly grim expression that had appeared on Noel's face in response to the question, it was only then did Valyr think that things might not be that simple.
"Haah…" Letting out a low sigh, Noel looked at the young man before proceeding to open his mouth. "To be honest, nothing much would really happen if we were to stay in the Shadow Plane after the sun begins to set."
"But why…"
"However, that would only apply to me." Before Valyr could even begin asking his question, he was interrupted by Noel, with the man's words causing the former to go silent. Seeing that Valyr's interest was now piqued by his statement, the old man took in a deep breath before deciding to continue.
"After the sun begins set, the true nature of the Shadow Plane begins to appear."
"This ambient Shadow Energy surrounding us at the moment? All of that disappears after the sun sets, being replaced with a far more ferocious energy that would invade our bodies the very moment it appears." At these words, Noel's expression turned even more grim, his mind bringing up some unsavory memories he already swore he had forgotten.
"A few of those who had the Shadow Serpentine Lancer subclass tried to extend their stay in the Shadow Plane in the past under my surveillance, thinking that nothing would happen to them. In their minds, they thought the Shadow Plane would only turn darker than it already was and that was it."
"Oh, how they were very wrong." Noel shook his head, his body faintly trembling as more and more of those unsavory memories popped up in his mind. "Within seconds of that ferocious energy appearing, they were all turned into statues, their bodies gradually turning pitch black in the process. In my eyes, it was as if the darkness itself was swallowing them whole."
"Then how…"
"…am I still alive, you might ask?" Knowing what question had formed within Valyr's mind, Noel asked the same question before the young man could finish, only to answer that same question after that. "Quite simple."
"The Shadow, the Void, and the Abyss. The three levels of energy I've mentioned to you before," said Noel in response. "The Shadow refers to Shadow Energy, the energy you and any other Shadow Serpentine Lancer would be able to wield inside and outside the Shadow Plane. It is also the type of energy generally found within the Shadow Plane…"
"…during the day." Hearing this phrase come out of Noel's mouth, Valyr's expression turned slightly grim, putting two and two in his mind together as he now had a hunch as to why it was dangerous for him to stay in the Shadow Plane after sunset.
"The Void. Void Energy. Only Void Serpentine Lancers have the ability to wield it, also giving them the ability to stay in the Shadow Plane after the sun begins to set." As Noel said those words, it was only then did Valyr confirm the hypothesis he had come up with. "It is also the same energy that invaded the bodies of those foolish Shadow Serpentine Lancers, their bodies forever trapped in darkness."
"And if one were to extend their stay even further and reach the height of the night?"
"Then one would only find the Abyss."
"That is why I am the only one who could stay in the Shadow Plane indefinitely…"
"… and the reason why you only have less than four hours left in this place before we have to leave."
Chapter 431: Removing Impurities
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"That… was a far more comprehensive answer than I initially thought." Committing every word Noel had spoken to him regarding the reason why he could not stay in the Shadow Plane after sunset as of yet, Valyr was silent for a minute or so before finally being able to respond, feeling a hint of guilt after recalling the expressions the old man had made during his explanation.
"I… also apologize for bringing up some bad memories, Elder Noel," said Valyr soon after, turning to look at the ground as he let out a faint sigh. fenl.
"Why are you apologizing for something you don't have control over?" Letting out a sigh of his own in response, Noel told the young man to look back at him, leaving the young man no choice but to do so. "It was my mind that decided to bring up some memories I thought I'd already forgotten out of nowhere. You don't have apologize for it."
"If anything, direct that apology to yourself." As Noel said these words to him, Valyr looked back at the former with confusion written all over his face. Fortunately, the old man's statement was more than enough to clear that confusion up. "Because of that question of yours, you now have far less time to improve your Shadow Energy's quality in the Shadow Plane."
"Is there something wrong with improving one's Shadow Energy outside the Shadow Plane, Elder Noel?" Noticing how the old man had focused in on him improving his Shadow Energy while they were still within its origin, Valyr wondered to himself if there was some complex reason to it as well, thinking that there might be restrictions to refining the energy outside the Shadow Plane just like how he could not stay in the Shadow Plane after sunset.
However, what he got instead was…
"Not really." Noel faintly shook his head with his expression that of slight confusion. "You could go ahead and improve your Shadow Energy quality just fine outside the Shadow Plane. It's just that it's tens to hundreds of times slower since your level of sensitivity towards the energy is decreased."
"Oh." Not wanting the other side to realize that he had just seemingly complicated the answer to the question in his mind, Valyr decided to just nod in response before proceeding to close his eyes, cutting off his five external senses one by one as he focused his attention on the small black mass near his heart.
"I guess he thought he would get a similar answer out of me." On the other hand, taking note as to how Valyr's behavior had swiftly changed after obtaining the answer to his question from Noel, the latter did not pursue the matter any further, instead letting out a bit of laughter before proceeding to sit near the young man.
"Let's see if you could improve your Shadow Energy quality by two grades before we have to leave the Shadow Plane." Casting a barrier of Abyssal Energy around the two to make sure none of the Shadow Tigers in the area would disturb the two of them, Noel took a brief glance at Valyr before deciding to close his eyes, attuning himself to his surroundings before soon focusing all of his attention towards his internals as well.
…
"Wow." At the very instant Valyr had cut off all of his external senses, with only his mental power being the only thing taking a look at what was inside the small black mass, the young man was swiftly greeted by the sight of what looked like a field of dark particles, faintly glistening every once in a while as if they were stars in space.
"So, I'm guessing the dark particles is a manifestation of the Shadow Energy I've collected from the creatures so far." Continuing to admire the sight before him for a bit longer, Valyr eventually recalled the main reason why he had focused all of his attention inwards, soon utilizing the connection he had with his Shadow Energy to begin manipulating the dark particles within the space before him.
Whoosh!
"Surprisingly malleable." As his eyes briefly widened in surprise at how easy it was to move the dark particles around with his thoughts, Valyr went ahead and manipulated all of the dark particles to congregate into one spot, choosing the center of the space as the dark particles were already more concentrated there.
Swoosh!
Within minutes, almost all of the dark particles within the space Valyr was viewing had already moved themselves to the inner half, only leaving a few large particles behind that were far darker than the dark particles themselves. Trying to move these large particles closer, it did not take long for the young man to realize that these large particles were the impurities he was trying to remove from the Shadow Energy, prompting him to manipulate these large particles in a way that would make them head in the opposite direction.
"I see…" Seeing that the impurities would eventually disappear after he had moved them away up to a certain point, Valyr went ahead and focused more of his mental power towards condensing all of the dark particles at the center, prompting black particles to eventually appear amidst the dark particles squeezing into the center.
Already equipped with the knowledge of what he had to do, he then moved these black particles away from the dark particles, moving one step closer to achieving an improvement in his Shadow Energy quality.
"It's getting more and more difficult…" Of course, after compressing the dark particles and removing the black particles multiple times in a row, the amount of mental power Valyr had consumed to get to where he was currently had enough of an effect on his efficiency to remove the impurities, finding it more and more tedious as more time passed.
Thankfully, seeing as the amount of impurities he had to remove with every cycle continued to decrease, he did not hesitate to psych himself up, telling himself that he would only have to do it a few more times before his Shadow Energy would improve.
With that, by the time he had more or less squeezed his mental power to its utmost limits, Valyr had removed the few last specks of black particles that had been lingering around the dark particles, only for the dark particles to start vibrating in unison not long after.
…
…
…
Ding!
[You have removed all of the impurities in your Shadow Energy.]
[All Shadow Energy you shall control from now on is bereft of any impurities whatsoever, improving its efficacy and power.]
[The grade of your Shadow Energy Mark has improved to Pure.]
Chapter 432: Black Star
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"Phew… and here I thought I was about to faint." Letting out an inward sigh of relief after obtaining a series of notifications from the system, Valyr watched as the dark particles in the space before him started to vibrate in unison, forming a resonance of sorts that caused a certain tone to reverberate throughout the space.
Finding the tone generated by the dark particles somewhat jarring, the young man put on a relieved expression once the tone gradually disappeared, with the dark particles following suit as they stopped moving. However, just as Valyr thought that the process would end there, a great portion of the dark particles soon began to congregate around some of the dark particles, forming larger versions of the dark particles that contain more energy than before.
Then, once all of the dark particles in the space before Valyr had clumped up together to form larger versions of these dark particles, these large particles then condensed themselves in size, purifying and compressing the energy within them even further to the point that the condensed dark particles now looked more like dark pearls than particles.
Seeing as all of the dark particles had finished transforming into dark pearls, Valyr looked at the sight before him for a bit to see if there were any other changes that would happen before the process would complete.
Eventually coming to the conclusion that the process was now finished since the dark pearls had taken the dark particles' place in roaming around the space, Valyr went ahead and removed his focus from the small black mass near his heart, activating all of his external senses once more as he gazed at the old man beside him.
"Oh?" Sensing the feeling of someone staring at him, Noel opened his eyes to look at Valyr with a faint smile. "It seems you've already removed all of the impurities in your Shadow Energy."
"Yes." Nodding in response to Noel's words, Valyr spared a bit of his attention towards commanding the system to bring up his notification screen, only to then command the system to bring up the description of [Shadow Energy Mark] soon after.
Ding!
[Shadow Energy Mark] (Lv. MAX)
Rarity: ???
Shadow Energy: 10/10
Grade: Pure (Uncommon)
Throughout the ages… description has been omitted.
This skill allows the user to tap into Shadow Energy at any time, not needing to form a connection with the Shadow Plane anymore whenever the user wishes to do so. This skill also allows the user to store a considerable amount of Shadow Energy within their bodies, which could be improved by absorbing the Shadow Energy of other creatures within the Shadow Plane.
This skill also allows the user to gain a boosting effect from the Shadow Energy within their bodies, with each point of Shadow Energy the user currently has inside their bodies boosting all of their physical and mental stats by 0.45% (Current boost: 4.5%).
Due to the quality of the user's Shadow Energy being improved by one grade, a portion of the Shadow Energy's boosting effect on the user's body has become permanent, permanently boosting all of the user's physical and mental stats by 2.5%.
'So, improving the quality of my Shadow Energy converts some of the improvement I'm getting from keeping Shadow Energy within my body at all times into something more permanent.' Swiftly reading through the additional information the skill had gained after Valyr had achieved Pure grade Shadow Energy, the young man briefly nodded in satisfaction as he closed the screen soon after, returning his attention to the old man before him.
"Wait till you improve your Shadow Energy to the 1st Cleansing grade." Seeing as the young man was already finished looking through the improvements his [Shadow Energy Mark] had undergone through, Noel decided to tease the young man on what he could expect to obtain after improving his Shadow Energy even further, slightly grinning in the process. "The improvement you'll get from it won't just stop at a permanent boost in stats."
"In any case, you've definitely purified your Shadow Energy far quicker than I thought." As Noel said these words, Valyr's curiosity was instantly piqued, prompting him to ask the former as to how much time he had taken to remove all of the impurities in his Shadow Energy.
"One and a half hours," said Noel in response, to which Valyr responded by slightly tilting his head to the side in confusion. After all, the latter had no clue whether the time he had taken was quicker than normal or—
"You've basically achieved what others would have taken a week in the real world in like… what? Around ten minutes in the real world or something?" Of course, the old man was quick to clear up the confusion Valyr was experiencing, leaving the latter in a brief state of shock as he processed how much of a difference there was between his time and the time Noel had mentioned.
"Hahahaha! You should definitely see the look on your face, brat!" Though, while Valyr was still wrapping his head around the great difference between his time and the others' times, Noel let out a peal of laughter all of a sudden, wiping off some of the tears that were brimming around his eyes as he decided to not fool the young man any longer.
"Though your time is still impressive, the average time people take to remove the impurities from their Shadow Energy ranges from one to two days in the real world." Letting out a sigh to calm himself down, Noel looked at the young man with a calm expression. "In fact, there's someone who was able to improve their Shadow Energy quality to Pure grade in less than 30 minutes in the Shadow Plane."
"Some people are really just born with insane comprehension talent." Shrugging off his shoulders as he briefly recalled the being that had achieved such a feat, Noel quickly threw the thought to the back of his head as he remembered how much time the two of them had left to stay in the Shadow Plane. "Anyways, with less than two and a half hours left before we have to leave the Shadow Plane, let me explain the process of achieving the 1st Cleansing grade as quickly as possible."
"In essence, it's pretty simple. You just have to compress all of the Shadow Energy again into one spot as much as possible until something happens."
"Of course, in reality, it's anything but simple," added Noel soon after, his expression now serious. "What you actually have to do is to force the Shadow Energy to collapse on itself by compressing it into one spot and let the resulting structure from that compression generate Shadow Energy on its own."
"The Shadow Energy that would be generated won't be infinite, but it would definitely be far purer and far more effective to use in conjunction with the [Shadow Serpent Combat Style]." As Noel said these words, a slight grin appeared on his face. "Speaking of the structure that you have to create with Shadow Energy, people actually have multiple names for it. But as all of these people have been taught by me, they've eventually all come to agree on a general name for the structure."
"The first name I gave the structure when I laid my eyes upon it."
"The Black Star."
Chapter 433: In The Nick Of Time
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
'Black Star…' Keeping the name of the structure he had to form to achieve the next stage in his mind, a certain thought surfaced within the young man's mind, making him feel as if he heard of it somewhere before.
'Probably a reference to another game or something.' Slightly shrugging his shoulders as he decided not to think about it any further, Valyr returned his attention to what Noel had to say, seeing that the old man wasn't finished with his explanation yet.
"You'll know that you've formed a Black Star once it feels like there's a suction force fighting against the control you're exerting on your Shadow Energy," said Noel. "Of course, don't just release your control over the Shadow Energy the very instant you feel that there's a suction force counteracting against your own control."
"Only when you feel like the strength of the suction force is more or less equal to the control you exert would you only then remove your control over the Shadow Energy and let it do its thing." Informing Valyr a few more things regarding the process to achieve the 1st Cleansing grade, Noel eventually returned his attention to what he was doing previously, closing his eyes as he left the young man a few more words before truly engrossing himself once more.
"Remember. You only have less than two and a half hours before we have to leave the Shadow Plane."
"If you don't achieve the 1st Cleansing grade by the time there's only 10 minutes left before we leave, unfortunately, I'll have to forcefully wake you up and you'll have to do it all over again."
"Good luck, brat. You're definitely going to need it." With Noel leaving these words behind for Valyr as the former swiftly returned to his state from earlier, the latter looked at the elder beside him for a bit, faintly wondering what the old man was doing at the moment.
However, just as he tried to take a peek into it, there seemed to be a barrier of energy surrounding the entirety of Noel's body, making it difficult for Valyr to see what the old man was truly doing. Pondering for a while whether the barrier of energy shrouding Noel's body was due to his high class rank or due to his control over Abyssal Energy, Valyr eventually decided to discard the thought and focus on what was important, closing his eyes as he cut off all his external senses not long after.
Whoosh!
Now more or less used to the feeling of using his mental power to peer internally into his body, the young man soon found himself within the small black mass once more, being greeted once again by the sight of dark pearls hovering around in space. Google search feee cm
"So, all I have to do is to compress them into one spot and let the Shadow Energy collapse on itself, huh." Muttering these words to himself as a reminder of the process, Valyr soon exerted his control over the dark pearls, forcing them to head to the center of the space to congregate once more. "Sounds like the process to achieve Pure grade, but with less steps."
"Hmm?" Just as the young man had begun moving the dark pearls towards the center of the space, he noticed that there was now a repulsive force trying to force back the control Valyr had over the dark pearls. Fortunately, the repulsive force around the pearls seemed to easily bend under pressure, so Valyr went ahead and put a lot of his mental power on the dark pearls to dispel the repulsive force, allowing him to control it again.
"I guess this is why Noel told me good luck." Though the rate of mental power he had used to control the dark pearls was only considerably larger than the rate it took him to achieve Pure grade, Valyr knew that it would still be difficult for him to complete the process to achieve the 1st Cleansing grade, even with his mind tempered by subjecting it to inordinate amounts of pain.
Taking in a deep breath as to not let his emotions get the better of him, Valyr went ahead and moved all of the dark pearls in the space towards the center, consuming a greater amount of mental power as he began pushing the dark pearls closer together.
Surprisingly, by the time dark pearls began to interact with one another due to the pushing force Valyr was exerting, the weak repulsive force around the dark pearls from earlier seemingly returned with its strength considerably greater than before. Noticing that, Valyr put in even more of his mental power into the orb of dark pearls he was making, using part of it to dispel the repulsive force being created.
"Ngh…" By the time Valyr felt like hours had passed since he began the cleansing process, the young man finally felt like he was now scraping the bottom of the barrel to grab every ounce of mental power he could get his hands on, feeling a headache gradually brewing. At that point, the dark pearls still showed no signs of collapsing on itself as a repulsive force around the pearls was still being generated.
But then…
Pop!
As if a thin layer of sorts was broken, the repulsive force swiftly disappeared without a trace as the dark pearls at the very center of the large orb started to fuse with one another, forming a suction force that began to counteract against Valyr's exerted control.
Feeling elated that achieving the 1st Cleansing grade was quite near, Valyr seemed to have grabbed a great amount of mental power out of nowhere, exerting more force on the orb of dark pearls to speed up the collapsing process that was happening. Thankfully, it did not take much more mental power for the collapsing process to speed up, with the suction force being generated at the very center now equal to the level of control the young man had exerted so far.
"Phew." Seeing that he could now free himself from controlling the dark pearls, the young man inwardly let out a long sigh of relief as he watched all of the dark pearls gradually fuse into giant dark pearl before proceeding to collapse even further.
Bang!
Then, accompanied by a muffled yet loud explosion, the giant dark pearl grew larger for a bit, only to then begin rapidly shrinking in size as its outer surface grew more and more bright.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
Within seconds, the large dark pearl at the center soon began to generate dark particles that resembled the dark particles Valyr had manipulated to achieve Pure grade. However, compared to those dark particles, the dark particles being generated by the large dark pearl not only glistened similar to the dark pearls from earlier, but also contained far more power.
Ding!
Hearing a series of notifications resound in his mind, Valyr was just about to open his notification screen, only for him to instead activate all of his external senses to see whether there was still a lot of time left before they had to leave the Shadow Plane.
However, at the very moment he had done just that, he heard a voice that crushed that small hope in his mind.
"You've definitely surprised me quite a few times today, brat."
"You're just in the nick of time."
Chapter 434: Leaving The Shadow Plane
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"Is that so?" Letting out a slightly disappointed sigh after being told they needed to leave the Shadow Plane, Valyr gradually stood up before proceeding to do a few basic movements with his legs. "I thought I took far longer actually."
"Time is relative," said the old man in response, dispelling the barrier of Abyssal Energy surrounding them, only to then use it to create a platform that the two of them could stand on. "Anyways, we only have less than 10 minutes left before bad things happen to you in the Shadow Plane. Hop on."
"Alright." Looking at the platform of Abyssal Energy for a bit, Valyr faintly nodded in response to Noel's words before proceeding to get on. Following after the young man, Noel got onto the platform of Abyssal Energy as well, covering their feet in a couple layers of Abyssal Energy to make sure that they wouldn't fall.
"I'd suggest you hold on tight to me." Circulating Abyssal Energy throughout his body, Noel turned around to look at Valyr behind him. "This ride is going to be real quick so we return to the real world before night falls, but it won't be a smooth ride by any means."
"How bad could it be, Elder Noel?" Hearing the old man's words, the young man felt the urge to show off all of a sudden, thinking that the ride wouldn't be that fast for him to have the need to hold tightly onto the old man. After all, he was now a being at the peak of Rank 2, with a Mythic class at that.
"Surely our speed wouldn't be that—"
Whoosh!
Just before Valyr could finish his next question, Noel decided to give the young man a taste of his own medicine, sending all of the Abyssal Energy circulating throughout his body onto the platform, creating a force that propelled them forward at great speeds.
Thud!
Unsurprisingly, due to the sudden increase in speed, Valyr fell on his back on the platform, with his legs instantly buckling due to how his feet were still affixed to the platform thanks to Abyssal Energy. Of course, the young man knew in his mind that falling on his back wouldn't be the only thing to happen to him if he weren't stuck to the platform.
"Well, I did warn you." As for the one controlling the platform, Noel faintly shrugged his shoulders as he gave off an aura that made Valyr feel like the old man was telling him 'I told you so'.
Recalling the multiple number of times other people had asked the same thing to him, only for them to fall on their backs as well, Noel then said, "Then again, it's not like you're the first person to ever ask me that."
"If you can find a way to stand up and hold onto my clothes while we're moving, then feel free to do so." Continuing to move through the air at great speeds, already halfway into the area where Shadow Bears were, Noel took a brief glance at Valyr before returning his gaze to what was in front of them. "If not, then just continue lying on your back until we reach the rift back to the real world."
"Mngh… hmph!" After being told that he had the option to stand up, Valyr unhesitatingly pushed his body to its utmost limits, exerting all of his strength through his arms to try and combat against the force that was pushing down on him. Thankfully, one forceful push was more than enough for the young man to get a considerable portion of his body upright, allowing him to hold onto the old man's clothes as he gradually got himself to stand fully upright.
'Oho…' Feeling that the young man was slightly tugging on his clothes, Noel took a brief glance at Valyr once more as a faint smile appeared on his face. After that, he infused more of his Abyssal Energy into the platform, increasing their speeds even further as they eventually arrived at the rift back to the real world a couple of minutes later.
…
Whoosh!
"I'm finally back." Appearing within the confines of Noel's room within the Spearman Guild, Valyr let out a long sigh of relief as he lied down on the ground, allowing himself to catch his breath as he basked in the cold air that blew throughout the room.
"Move a bit, will you?"
Whoosh!
Not long after, Noel appeared within the room as well, exiting the rift before proceeding to dismantle the magic circle that had been powering it all this time.
Swoosh!
Taking in a deep breath, the old man placed both of his hands on the magic circle, siphoning the Abyssal Energy he had infused into it as the magic circle slowly dispersed on its own.
"Well, that takes care of that." Wiping off the dust that had gathered on his hands, Noel soon refocused his attention onto the young man still lying on the ground, the latter's expression that of relief and delight. "You could lie down on the bed, you know?"
"Just needed to take a quick breather, Elder Noel. That's all." Responding to the offer, Valyr shook his head as he stood up, dusting off the back of his clothes before looking at the old man. "After all, I've been fighting nonstop for over 8 hours."
"In any case, when am I going to fight against a Shadow Serpent?" As Valyr asked this question, Noel went silent for a bit as he rubbed his chin in contemplation.
"If you want, you could go and fight a Shadow Serpent tomorrow if you feel like you're up to the challenge," said Noel after he was finished thinking. "However, I'd suggest you take a couple days of rest first, not only to get your body in the best condition it could possibly be in, but to also acclimate yourself and get used to manipulating Shadow Energy at the 1st Cleansing grade."
"Is that so?" Hearing Noel's words, Valyr grinned. "If that's the case, then I'll do just that."
"Then again, Julian promised me that he would have someone accompany me to the Akashic Battlefield tomorrow, so I guess I'll be in a far better fighting condition for the Shadow Serpent than I'd ever be?"
"The Akashic Battlefield, eh?" Recalling the news surrounding the Akashic Battlefield as of late, Noel had a solemn expression on his face. "Well, just make sure to take a ton of breaks while you're in there."
"I will, Elder Noel." Feeling like their conversation had finally ended, Valyr decided that now was the time for him to take his leave, thanking the elder for allowing him to enter the Shadow Plane and giving him the opportunity to improve his Shadow Energy. However, just as he was about to leave the elder's room…
"Say… now that I think about it, there's a chance you might disappear for a far longer time than usual again."
"Er… that's…"
"Of course, you could have the leader of the Blacksmith Guild send me another letter for that, but it would definitely be a nuisance to get it. So… how about you add me to your friend list instead?"
"…"
"…"
"Pardon?"
Chapter 435: Reuniting With A Friend
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"He really didn't let me leave until I added him to my friend list…" Slowly making his way back to the inn where he and Wells were staying, Valyr let out a low sigh as he briefly turned his head back to look at the Spearman Guild's building, being reminded of the happenings that occurred between him and Noel just as they had gotten out of the Shadow Plane.
…
"Pardon?" Though Valyr understood the reasoning behind the old man wanting to add him to his friend list, the young man still found it somewhat confusing. After all, unlike Julian, who gave him a friendly vibe from the get-go, Noel still felt somewhat distant from him, even though they joked with one another from time to time.
Though, if Valyr thought about the exact reason why he felt it was weird for him to add someone like Noel to his friend list, then it would be due to the disparity in their age. He could still find ways to foster a better relationship with a middle-aged man like Julian, even more so with his relaxed personality.
But if he were to replace Julian with Noel…
"What pardon? Is your friend list already full or something, brat?" Surprisingly, Noel took slight offense at the question, slightly frowning in response. Taking note of this, Valyr quickly clarified to the old man that he was just surprised that the latter would even suggest adding someone like him to his friend list.
"Wouldn't it make more sense for your friend list to be full thanks to your position and power, Elder Noel?"
"Bah! Those people have to earn the right to be on my friend list." Hearing Valyr's question, Noel scoffed. "Aside from that, the only other reasons why people are on my friend list are: they owe me something, I owe them something, my friendship with them goes a long way back…"
"…or in your case, they've piqued my genuine interest." Finishing his explanation then and there, Noel soon brought up a screen in front of his field of vision, interacting with it for a bit before shifting his gaze towards Valyr.
Ding!
[Noel Voragine (Lvl. 85) has sent you a friend request. Would you like to accept?]
"You better accept it, or else I'll make sure you won't be able to complete that subclass promotion quest of yours." Hearing a notification sound resound in his mind, Valyr already knew what kind of notification he had received.
Though, just as he was about to decline out of respect to the old man before him, the young man swiftly changed his mind after he had heard what Noel said, in fear that the latter might truly act upon it.
Ding!
[You have added Noel Voragine (Lvl. 85) as a friend.]
"Good. You listen well." Obtaining a notification from his system that the young man had added him as a friend, Noel beamed a grin at the young man, telling the young man soon after that he could now leave and get some rest. In response to those words, Valyr blankly stared at Noel for a bit before nodding, leaving the confines of Noel's room and the Spearman Guild not long after.
…
"Well, it's not all that bad I guess." Briefly shrugging his shoulders in response to what he had recalled, Valyr thought about how adding Noel to his friend list set a precedent for other possible people he could add to his friend list. "Since Noel was fine with it, I guess I could also add Julian to my friend list once I pass by the Blacksmith Guild."
"Then again, I still regret the fact I didn't add Riekan when I had the chance to." Letting out a faint sigh, the young man thought about the guy he had interacted with at the end of the Astarto Goblin Den, only to then recall that there was a chance they would meet again thanks to the necklace the person had given him.
"Speaking of which, would it have been possible to add An'xhur to my friend list?" After recalling Riekan, he then shifted his thoughts to An'xhur. Pondering over it for a bit, he then thought it probably wouldn't have been possible, considering that the Sage of Erudition was already a small portion of its original soul.
"In any case, it's definitely been a long day." With this thought in mind, Valyr continued to walk through the streets of Algerie City, eventually finding himself at the room he and Wells were staying in.
…
"Well, well, well… look who finally came back." Sensing that the door to their room was being opened, Wells swiftly became vigilant, only to then relax once he found out that it was Valyr who had opened it. Letting out a faint sigh, he looked at Valyr with a slight frown. "You definitely took your time to come back here."
"What can I say? I had a lot of things on my plate." In response to Wells' complaints, Valyr laughed it all off, apologizing to the former soon after for being away longer than expected.
"Oh? You've gotten stronger while I was gone." After Valyr had finished apologizing to Wells, the two of them began to talk about some of the things the other side had been doing during the past few days they were apart, only for Valyr to notice something different about his friend.
"That may be the case, but I could say the same to you." Though slightly happy that his friend had noticed the change he had gone through, that happiness was swiftly replaced with shock as he noticed his friend undergoing through the same change as well. "Did you already reach the peak of Rank 2 or something?"
"Yeah, I did." Nodding in response to the question, Valyr soon followed up with a question of his own. "And I'm guessing you've finally reached the peak of Rank 1?"
"If you put it that way, it sounds like I'm trying to catch up to you." Though Wells nodded in response to Valyr's own question, he thought that there was more to Valyr's words hidden between the lines. "Then again… I probably am."
At those words, Valyr let out a bit of laughter, causing Wells to let out some laughter as well, allowing the atmosphere in their room to lighten up. With that, the two of them caught up with one another on the progress each side had made during the past few days, with Valyr sharing tidbits of information to Wells that made the latter made his mouth open agape.
Conversely, Wells had also shared a few things with Valyr that made the young man's mouth open agape as well.
With how much energy Valyr had wasted throughout the past few days, Valyr decided to hit the hay early, lying down on his bed to get some shuteye after eating a light meal for dinner. Though, just as he was on the brink of wandering off to dreamland, a certain thought eventually popped up in his mind.
'Now that I think about it…'
'Where did the boars go?'
Chapter 436: Opening Up Past Scars
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
With how tired Valyr was after spending more than a day doing quite a lot of things within less than a day in the real world, it did not take long for the young man to be greeted by the morning sun once more, getting up at the very instant he had a chance to.
"Mngh…" Lightly stretching his arms as far as he could after sitting himself upright, Valyr sat by the side of the bed for a couple of minutes to allow his consciousness to become fully awake. Once he felt awake enough to do his things, he then went about doing his usual daily routine.
'Since I'm finally back from the Shadow Plane, I guess it's finally time for me to upgrade all of those unleveled skills of mine to the max level.' Allowing the cold and refreshing water from the shower head to relax and rejuvenate his entire body, Valyr opened up his skill list in his mind, deciding to upgrade his unleveled skills in batches to make sure his mind not be overwhelmed by an influx of information once again.
'Guess I'll start with the important ones first.' Continuing to soak his body under the cold and refreshing water, Valyr retrieved a few Uncommon grade Skill Keys from the spatial bracelet he still wore into the shower and gripped them tightly, commanding the system soon after to upgrade 10 Uncommon grade skills in a row.
[Would you like to consume 10 Uncommon grade Skill Keys and 9,499,860 XP to upgrade the 10 skills you have chosen to their max level?]
"Yes."
Ding!
Obtaining a notification sound from the system as confirmation of his prompt, Valyr prepared himself for the wave of information that would come… only to still be incredibly unprepared for it as a far greater influx of information than he had expected surged into his mind without hesitation.
Thud.
Due to the suddenness and the volume of the information he had received from upgrading 10 skills to the max level, Valyr temporarily lost control over his body, prompting his legs to buckle as he fell to the ground with the water still streaming down his body. Thankfully, it did not take long for him to regain control soon after as a relaxing feeling soon washed over his mind, brought about by the Skill Keys he had consumed to break the limits of the skills he had chosen.
Then again, he only had a limited time to stabilize himself before being bombarded by yet another wave of information, stumbling for a bit before eventually regaining his footing. If not for the fact that the second influx of information was considerably weaker than the first wave, then Valyr was certain that he would land on the bathroom floor once more with a solid thud.
"I'll… upgrade another batch of skills later." By the time the mental strain brought about by the skill upgrades had subsided, Valyr had already dried himself off and put on a fresh set of clothes. Activating [Enhanced Polymorph] as he went over the things in his mind that he still wasn't finished doing, Valyr headed to Wells' room first to notify his friend where he was going for the day before he truly left the inn, walking along the streets of Algerie City a couple of minutes later.
…
"This should be a nice spot to test it out." Though Valyr had planned to head to the Blacksmith Guild to meet up with Julian regarding his journey to the Akashic Battlefield, the young man decided to head into an empty alleyway for the meantime as he recalled the thought that had appeared in his mind just as he was about to fall asleep.
"Ih pyn'ah tt'wagg k'ahn haap nmal'kas at meht'tagg."
"[Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts]…"
"[Summon Arx'has Boar]."
'I really hope they aren't stuck in the Shadow Plane.' Thinking about how he had forgotten about the boars' existence after he upgraded his Shadow Energy quality by two grades, Valyr felt bad for them, especially with how he and the group had formed an intuitive understanding of what the other side wanted to do.
Whoosh!
As the magic circle before him became saturated with mana, Valyr looked at the boar that was appearing with expectation, only to be filled with worry not long after as the boar that had appeared had stats at Level 1. Taking in a few deep breaths to make sure his emotions did not cloud his rationality, Valyr tried to summon an Arx'has Boar once more, but this time utilizing the skill's growth summoning method.
"Ih pyn'ah tt'wagg k'ahn haap nmal'kas at meht'tagg."
"[Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Arts]…"
"[Growth Summon Arx'has Boar]."
Ding!
Surprisingly, rather than the magic circle he had created through the skill being saturated with mana, a small screen instead appeared in front of his field of vision, prompting him to read through it as he wondered why it had appeared all of a sudden.
"Oh, thank goodness." Unexpectedly, the contents of the screen contained information regarding the five boars he had summoned within the Shadow Plane, their stats and levels the way they were at the end of their Shadow Tiger hunting spree. Letting out a long sigh of relief as he found out yet another feature of the [Intermediate Shamanic Summoning Art], Valyr went ahead and dispelled the Arx'has Boar he had just summoned, retrieving part of the mana he had consumed to summon it in the process.
"I should really get going." Leaving the empty alleyway with greater knowledge regarding a skill he thought to himself he would use more often in the near future, Valyr returned to the streets of Algerie City, hastening his footsteps as he arrived at the Blacksmith Guild a few minutes later.
…
"I'm guessing Noel wasn't too harsh with you, considering you've become stronger in just one day." At the very moment he stepped foot into the Blacksmith Guild, one of the attendants quickly recognized Valyr's appearance and told him that he was allowed to head to the Guildmaster's room whenever he wished to. With that, the young man did just that, being greeted by a middle-aged man's chuckle just as he had arrived.
"It's mostly because I've finally reached the peak of Rank 2, but yeah. Elder Noel taught me a lot about the subclass I've gotten from him." In response to those words, Valyr let out a bit of laughter of his own.
"Is that so?" Grinning, Julian placed his hammer on the anvil in front of him before turning around to look at Valyr, a faint smile adorning his face as he took a brief glance at the young man's Nascent Wyvern Armor. "Anyways, I presume you're here to get an update on the Akashic Battlefield, right?"
"Well, you did tell me I could come by tomorrow."
"True. I did tell you that." Julian nodded with a soft smile. "Well, fortunately for you, I was able to arrange an escort that would accompany you along the way and within the Akashic Battlefield."
"In fact, that person volunteered to escort you there after hearing that you were the one they would be escorting."
"Ah! Speak of the devil. Your escort is right behind you."
At those words, Valyr turned around in curiosity, wondering which person would be eager enough to escort him after hearing his name being mentioned. However, rather than his expression be that of surprise or delight, the young man's expression turned into that of slight fear, his pupils dilating as his body slightly quivered.
"Well then." The man grimly chuckled. "It seems you've gotten stronger."
"Then again... it wouldn't be interesting if you didn't."
Chapter 437: Zeik
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"You…" Continuing to look at the man that would escort him to the Akashic Battlefield, Valyr's body gradually stopped shuddering as the fear he had towards the man slowly turned into that of anger. Clenching his fists as he felt the urge to at least land a blow on the man's face, the young man took in a deep breath to repress the urge, letting his anger simmer in his mind as memories of what had transpired in the past resurfaced.
Lingering in his mind at the moment were memories of him whose strength had ascended to a Rank 1 class, returning to the village after participating in the Fledgling Forgers' Tournament in Danyhris Town. Under the shadows of the night, he and Tristan were ambushed by two men cloaked in black garments, with one of them fighting against Tristan to stall for time.
As for the other person, the person that fought against Valyr and left the latter in a precarious state, that same person stood in front of the young man, the black garments that shrouded his appearance from before now long gone.
Instead, what he saw was a man that looked to be in his early thirties, with skin tanned a fair shade of brown due to exposure to sunlight. This skin of his complemented the contrasting head of silver gray hair the man had, faintly reminding Valyr of a certain fictional character he had come across in his past life.
Aside from that, the man had muscles that fit the man's body perfectly, a face that truly defined the vigor of a man in his prime, as well as a faint bloodlust that seemed to accompany the man's every move.
"Stared for long enough?" Just as Valyr was about to turn to Julian to ask if there were any escorts he could choose from, the man before him took note of the young man's long gaze at him, mischievously grinning in the process. "You could stare more if you want."
"…" In response, Valyr looked at the man dead in the eyes with a slightly grim expression, remaining silent the entire time as he finally looked at Julian behind him.
"Can I choose another person as my escort?" asked Valyr soon after, prompting a wry smile to appear on Julian's face, while the man that had appeared continue to grin all the while.
"You sure about that?" answered Julian back with a question of his own. "Aside from the fact that he volunteered to escort you to the Akashic Battlefield, he's probably one of the only Rank 5 class holders in the guild that's free to escort you right now."
"Rank 5…?" Hearing that specific phrase being uttered out by the middle-aged man, Valyr's eyes widened for a brief moment in shock, turning around to look at the man once more as he recalled the words the man had spoken to him in the past. 'Wasn't he already Rank 4 back then?'
"What? Can't a man put in the work to improve his strength?" Though Valyr hadn't uttered out his thoughts out loud, the expression on his face alone was enough for the man to infer what he was thinking, taunting the young man with a faint chuckle.
"Zeik…" Seeing that the young man was getting more and more incensed by the minute, Julian decided to put a stop on the man's actions. "You should stop now while you still can."
"Did I go too far?" Hearing Julian's words, the demeanor the man had been putting all this time swiftly disappeared without a trace, allowing Valyr to come in contact with an aura that did not lose out in grandeur when compared to Julian's. In fact, after comparing the two auras he had felt from the man, it did not take long for him to feel that the man's current aura was his true aura.
"Take a look for yourself." In response to the man's question, Julian pointed at the still frowning Valyr before letting out a faint sigh. "I know you had to make up an excuse to not let Valyr know that it was a test, but you didn't have to take it that far, you know?"
"I guess I did get a bit too carried away…" Scratching the back of his head as he thought about he acted towards Valyr just as they had met again, the man bitterly smiled as he looked at Valyr. "Just so you know, my intentions were not to aggravate you in any way. I just wanted you to be reminded that we've already met before."
"Is that so?" Though Valyr still had a frown on his face after the taunting the man had done so far, he reminded himself once more that the ambush was a test to see if he was a fitting candidate for the Four Pillars' Inheritance. Telling himself that the man had no choice but to keep that information a secret from him, the young man took in a few deep breaths, calming himself down as he listened to the man respond to his question.
"That really was my only intention." The man continued to bitterly smile. "Of course, I'd understand if you still hold a grudge against what I did, and I'd also understand if you wanted to fight with me to bury the hatchet or something."
"In fact, with your current strength, I think we could even fight on equal footing." With his arrogant facade from earlier now gone, the man turned the conversation between them from that of taunting into that of praising Valyr for his progress so far. "If not for the fact that you can't ascend to Rank 3 because of the upcoming inheritance, we could've fought against each other where the chances of winning were truly even."
"I know you're flattering me just so I forget about the indignation I suffered thanks to you." Letting out a low sigh, Valyr looked at the man with a calm expression, whose bitter smile widened in response to the young man's words. "It's definitely helping out, but I can't just forget something like that so easily."
"I would've been more surprised if you forgave me just from that." Not expecting the young man to say in a roundabout way that his words of praise was working, the man let out a bit of laughter. "In any case, though we have already met back in the past due to circumstances, let me properly introduce myself to you."
"As you might have heard from Julian earlier, my name is Zeik," said the man soon after. "With that, my full name is Zeik Verrthorne, though I don't really associate myself with the family anymore, so if possible, just call me Zeik instead."
"Though I was Rank 4 back when I had to test out your level of combat proficiency, which is incredibly superb if I do say so myself, I'm already a Rank 5 class holder. Whether I'm an Epic or a Legend is up for you to figure out."
"You know what Epics and Legends are, right?" Asking this question to the young man, Zeik faintly smiled when Valyr nodded in response.
"Of course, I'm affiliated with the Blacksmith Guild. If not, I wouldn't have done that to you in the first place," Zeik added. "As for my position within the guild…"
"I guess you could say I'm one of the commanders of the guild's Combat Specialist Division." At those words, Valyr raised his eyebrow in curiosity. Though he had interacted with the Blacksmith Guilds hundreds to thousands of times in the past, he had never heard the Blacksmith Guild having a Combat Specialist Division at all.
"It's a division only some of the higher-ups in the guild know of." Noticing the slight confusion and curiosity written on Valyr's expression, Julian decided to clear up some of it. "Think of it as the Blacksmith Guild's strongest blades and shields in the face of battle."
"Whatever the Guildmaster said." Nodding in response to Julian's words, Zeik looked at Valyr, who swiftly looked back at him after briefly pondering over something.
"Should I properly introduce myself to you as well?"
"There's no need." Hearing Valyr's question, Zeik shook his head with a smile. "I've already been informed by Julian of all the necessary things I need to know about you… and I guess I did a bit more digging into you here and there."
"Anyways, shall we head to the Akashic Battlefield?"
…
Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!
"Dad!" Whilst Julian was in the midst of working on another piece of equipment that would be sent to the defensive lines, a young woman that had features similar to him barged into his personal workshop all of a sudden, a frown adorning the young woman's face. "Why didn't you tell me that guy passed by?"
"Is this about the inheritance again?" Hearing the question the young woman asked, Julian let out a defeated sigh as he placed his hammer on the anvil, turning around to face his daughter. "I've already told you that my decision on who would take the candidate spot for blacksmithing on the upcoming inheritance won't change. Believe me when I tell you that his potential in forging is far greater than yours."
"How great could he possibly be, Dad?" Unsurprisingly, the young woman did not relent, wanting to prove to her father that she was more worthy of the position.
"Well, could you forge an Epic grade armor set that has a high item level, but could still be equipped by someone with a lower level?" Getting somewhat tired of having to bicker with his daughter over the matter multiple times, Julian decided to drop an incredible feat the young man had done to dissuade her from continuing.
"That's… that's got to be a joke, right?" Naturally, such a feat shocked the young woman to her core, her expression filled with disbelief as she looked at her father. "Even you take a long time to forge something like that, Dad."
"I do." Julian nodded. "That's why it's all the more surprising for him to achieve such a thing, especially the fact that he had forged it just as he had ascended to Rank 2."
"…"
"…haah. Just let Dad do his work for now, Theraldine. I'll let you know when he stops by again."
"…alright."
Chapter 438: The Akashic Battlefield
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"So, how does the Imperial Production Guild choose their candidates for the Four Pillars' Inheritance exactly?" As both Valyr and Zeik made their way to the Akashic Battlefield, the two of them began to talk with one another along the way, hoping to decrease the feeling of awkwardness around them. At some point in their conversation, Valyr brought up to Zeik a certain topic he was curious about.
"As far as I know, there's a certain process to it." Pondering over the question, the gears in Zeik's mind turned for quite some time before he was able to answer. "If I remember correctly, it's a three-step process?"
"Anyways, take my next words with a grain of salt." Briefly scratching the back of his head as he thought about it even more, an expression that seemed to say he had latched onto something eventually appeared on his face as he continued. "First, the Imperial Production Guild sets down a list of criteria that they would like to see in the candidates that might possibly participate in the inheritance."
"Yep." Nodding in response, Valyr then told Zeik that he had already known of the criteria the Imperial Production Guild had set down for the candidates. With that, he asked the man to proceed onto the two steps that came after the criteria.
"Well, once the criteria for the candidates has been established, the four guilds under the Imperial Production Guild would go ahead and look through the list of members that had registered under their guild and see if they fit the criteria the Imperial Production Guild had given," Zeik said not long after in response to Valyr's request.
"Of course, with how many members there are within each guild, the number of potential candidates each guild ends up with still numbers around the double digits, with the lowest number being around 20 or so. Add on the possibility of candidates that fit the criteria but just registered themselves into their respective guilds, that number sometimes ends up being higher."
"Then, what comes after that?" asked Valyr once Zeik was done talking.
"Information gathering," replied Zeik concisely. "First, the guilds verify whether the information that they've obtained from their list is true. After that, they do a few more tests revolving around the capabilities of that person, such as their capabilities in production and capabilities in combat."
"And that's what you did, right?" At those words, Valyr looked at Zeik, causing the latter to let out an awkward chuckle.
"I'll admit once more that I probably went a bit overboard back then." As Zeik looked back at Valyr, he had a wry smile on his face. "But your combat capabilities at that time was something I could only compare to another person that had also been recently tested around that time."
"Compare in a good way… or in a bad way?"
"In a good way, of course," replied Zeik. "Amongst all of the Rank 1 and Rank 2 class holders at that time that the four production class guilds gathered information on, only one could be said to be standing at the peak amongst all of the four production class guilds."
"Of course, when we're talking about members within the Blacksmith Guild, then you're undoubtedly the best when it comes to combat," added Zeik not long after.
"What's the name of that person that's the best in combat?" Ignoring the words of praise Zeik had tacked onto his words near the end, Valyr thought back to the man's earlier words.
"Unfortunately, I have no clue which family that person comes from." Flashing a slightly apologetic smile towards Valyr, Zeik went ahead and told the young man what he wanted to know. "What I do know is the name that those close to him call him."
"And that is…?"
"Hal," said Zeik, prompting Valyr to go silent as he rummaged through his treasure trove of memories from his past life.
'Huh. Nothing.' Surprisingly, after rummaging through his memories for quite some time, Valyr found no mention or tidbits of information regarding the person named Hal. With that, he felt a sense of deja vu, recalling the time where he could not find out anything about himself or the Zeihardt clan in his early days of setting foot in Greater Beyond. 'I guess I'll only find out who that person is once we meet up for the tournament a week before the inheritance.'
Thinking that he had gotten more information than what he bargained for from asking Zeik, Valyr decided to shift the topic to something else more mundane, which the two of them kept up until they arrived at the northwest defensive line outside Algerie Kingdom.
…
"We're finally here." Stopping in front of a rift that spanned over 20 meters in both height and width, Valyr and Zeik watched as people in uniforms moved around the vicinity, asking all of those that wished to enter the rift to arrange themselves in a line.
With all of those with uniforms emanating an aura that surpassed most of the people that wished to enter the rift, the people quickly did what they were told, arranging themselves into a line as they waited for their turn to enter the rift.
Naturally, Zeik and Valyr joined the line as well, considering that they were going to enter the rift as well. Though, while they were waiting for their turn, Zeik decided to ask Valyr a question.
"You do know what the Akashic Battlefield is like, right?"
"I do." Valyr nodded in response.
"Then you know about the various entrances corresponding to certain monster levels and strengths, right?" Somewhat surprised that Valyr knew about the Akashic Battlefield considering the young man's history, Zeik decided to ask more to ascertain whether the young man truly knew of its characteristics.
"I do, but I forgot how many entrances there are in this Akashic Battlefield in front of us," responded Valyr as he nodded with slight uncertainty. "If I remember correctly, there are eight entrances, right?"
"There are six entrances, actually," Zeik clarified in response. "All of them are named after a certain being that had made a great contribution to the kingdom."
"That I know." Valyr nodded in agreement. "Anyways, why the sudden question?"
"Well, let's just say you being knowledgeable of the Akashic Battlefield caught me a bit by surprise. After all, you've been away from the kingdom for quite a long amount of time." In response, Zeik looked at Valyr with a slightly awkward smile. "Anyways, it's our turn to enter the rift."
"Which point would you like to enter?" Now at the front of the line, Zeik and Valyr were swiftly greeted by a young man in a guard uniform, asking them their destination within the Akashic Battlefield.
"Point Caelion, please." Just as Zeik was about to reply to the guard's question, Valyr took the initiative to reply first, prompting the guard to nod in response as he infused a bit of mana into the rift, changing its coordinates.
Whoosh! <subtxt> fweoe.o</subtxt>
"Alright, the rift has been set to Point Caelion. You are free to enter." At these words, Zeik and Valyr thanked the guard before proceeding to step inside, disappearing from their original positions a few seconds later.
Chapter 439: Point Caelion
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Swoosh!
Feeling their bodies be enveloped by a unique energy as they zoomed through space for a bit, Valyr and Zeik soon appeared on an elevated stone platform, allowing them to get a better view of what was ahead of them.
"We're here." Taking a look around their surroundings to get an idea of where they were, Zeik made his way down the elevated stone platform before looking back at Valyr. "So… are we going to depart for the battlefield? Or do you need to prepare a couple of things before we do that?"
"I need to stock up on some potions, actually." Briefly responding to Zeik's question, the gears in Valyr's mind began to turn as he took a look at his surroundings, trying to recall as much as he could regarding the Akashic Battlefields he frequently visited.
From what he could recall, though it seemed like the Akashic Battlefields were a secluded place in the real world that one could only head to through a rift, these places were actually barren realms lingering within the fabric of space that were separate from the real world… which one could only head to through a rift.
As to how these barren realms were found and modified to become a space where people could gain great amounts of XP alongside combat experience, Valyr did not know too much about it, even after frequenting the Myriad Archives and similar large libraries in the past. As far as he knew, spatial mages at the peak of Rank 5 and beings at Rank 6 and higher were the ones that procured these realms and turned them into Akashic Battlefields.
In fact, the Akashic Battlefield they were in right now, which was one of the Akashic Battlefields Valyr often frequented in the past, was procured by the founder of Algerie Kingdom himself. It was because of this sole reason that the first entrance of the kingdom's Akashic Battlefield was named in honor of the founder, being named Point Alhazar.
"Ah, found a potions shop." After standing on the elevated stone platform for a while to get a better sense of where they were, Valyr eventually made his way down after getting an idea of where he had to go, with Zeik being left with no choice but to follow the young man from behind.
Similar to every other entrance to the Akashic Battlefield, Point Caelion was situated in the middle of a decently sized outpost that had more or less everything a person might possibly need in preparation for the battlefield beyond the outpost's walls, being the elevated stone platform people would appear on top on after entering the corresponding rift.
Of course, as the facilities within the outpost were made to be of great convenience to those heading to the battlefield, the merchants managing these facilities priced their services and goods at a marginally higher price compared to the same services and goods outside. Though this had already been accepted as a norm by those who frequent the Akashic Battlefield, it would still catch some of those who entered the Akashic Battlefield for the first time by surprise, which sometimes led to a small fight.
"10 Lesser Health Rejuvenation Potions and 20 Lesser Mana Rejuvenation Potions. Is that correct?" After making his way to the potions shop he found, Valyr listed down the potions he needed to the attendant, who swiftly grabbed the items within a couple of minutes. "In total, that would be 30 gold coins."
"Mind bringing it down to 25?" Placing the potions he had ordered from the attendant into his spatial bracelet, Valyr proceeded to haggle with the attendant, knowing that its true price within the outpost was lower than what the latter said.
"You know how difficult it is to bring these items into the Akashic Battlefield, sir." Hearing Valyr's words, the attendant flashed an apologetic smile. "You also have to take in consideration the material cost, the labor cost to concoct and store the potions safely, as well as a quality assessment cost to ensure that the potions are deserving of the Lesser quality prefix."
"So, I take that you won't go down to 23?" Rather than be swayed by the attendant's words, Valyr kept up a composed smile as he offered another price to the man.
"Would you be willing to part with 28 gold coins, sir?" Realizing at that point that his normal excuses wouldn't work, the attendant inwardly let out a sigh as he gave a counteroffer.
"24 gold coins."
"27?"
"25."
"26 gold coins, sir?"
"25 gold coins and not one gold coin more."
"Alright, alright." Letting out a slightly disappointed sigh, the attendant finally relented, prompting Valyr to give the man 25 gold coins with a smile on his face.
After making sure that all of the potions he had asked for were in his spatial bracelet, Valyr then left the potions shop with Zeik, but not before promising the attendant as he left that he would frequent their potions shop more often. Leaving the attendant that now had a slightly grateful smile on his face, the two then began to make their way to the area beyond the outpost.
"Say, why'd you choose Point Caelion, Valyr?" While making their way to one of the official exits out of the outpost, Zeik looked at the young man beside him as the thought popped up into his mind.
"Didn't you say earlier that the entrances have varying monster levels and strengths?" In response, Valyr looked back at him, his expression containing a trace hint of confusion.
"I did."
"Specifically, these entrances are arranged by increasing monster levels and strengths, right?"
"Yeah?"
"Then, it only makes sense for me to enter Point Caelion with my level of strength," said Valyr at the end of it, causing Zeik to become silent.
"But Point Caelion's strongest monsters are only around Level 55, though?"
"What do you mean by that?" From their conversation so far, Valyr thought that his escort was telling him that he had chosen a point that would need a level of strength far higher than his. But from the question he had just received, it seemed like that wasn't the case.
"You have a Mythic class, right?"
"Yeah?"
"And you're at the peak of Rank 2, right?"
"Then… with your combat capabilities, wouldn't it make more sense for you to be in Point Devann or Point Exiem?" At this point, the pieces that appeared in Valyr's mind finally clicked together, causing the young man to stop in his tracks as he looked at Zeik at a slight loss for words.
"…You do know those points are filled with Rank 4 monsters, right? In fact, doesn't Point Exiem have monsters that have Intents?"
"Yeah? Shouldn't you be able to fight against them no problem?"
"…Sure, my current strength allows me to fight against foes of a higher level."
"But do you really think I'm that strong?"
Chapter 440: Makings Of A True Elite
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"Yes?" Responding to Valyr's question, Zeik looked back at the young man, now with confusion written all over his face. "I may not have a Mythic class of my own, but I'm pretty confident that you would be able to fight against Rank 4 monsters without worry."
"I mean…" Seeing that Zeik was adamant that he had the capabilities to fight against Rank 4 monsters, Valyr became silent and decided to give it some thought, scratching the back of his head every once in a while. "I guess there's some truth to the matter."
"Though, I'm pretty sure I'll only be able to fight against Rank 4 Elite monsters at most before I begin to be at a disadvantage against them." Comparing his own stats to the stats of some of the Rank 4 monsters he had faced in the past, Valyr eventually gave Zeik an answer, though it was still more or less in the realm of uncertainty.
After all, there were a couple of reasons why he was uncertain. For one, he was comparing his current combat prowess to the Rank 4 monsters he had fought in the past, which he had fought against with lower stats than what he had right now. And second…
He had not fought against any Rank 4 monster yet.
"Is that so?" Raising his eyebrow in curiosity as a couple of thoughts popped up in his mind, Zeik decided to leave the matter be, shifting the topic to something else as they eventually made their way to one of the outpost's official exits.
…
"Which site are we going to head to? There's like nine sites here." Near one of the official exits, Valyr and Zeik stood in front of what seemed to be a giant map outlining the entire territory surrounding Point Caelion. On the map were landmarks that showed where Point Caelion and the surrounding outposts was, as well as landmarks that outlined the various sites people could enter to fight against monsters and gain combat experience.
"I think Site 7 would be a good choice." Looking at the map for a good while, Valyr eventually made his decision, taking note of the general level of monsters within the site, as well as their tier. "Not only are the monsters there at a level where it would be somewhat challenging to fight them, but the monsters in Site 7 are all Elite tier monsters as well, with some being Uncommon Elite tier."
"Think of it as my warm-up before proceeding to the other sites… and possibly other points as well." Noticing that Valyr had a confident smile on his face as he gave his suggestion, Zeik thought that the young man had probably thought about the ideal site for quite some time, possibly taking into consideration multiple variables in order to achieve optimal efficiency.
However, what went on in Valyr's mind was frankly the exact opposite of that.
He knew that if he wanted to, he could head to the last site of Point Caelion and not have a problem fighting against the monsters there. After all, he had already fought against monsters that had stats on par or greater than those at Level 55, the same level at which the monsters at the final site were at. Aside from that, he also fought against monsters at Legendary Elite and Mythic Elite and became victorious, which the monsters at the final site were only Rare Elite tier at most.
If anything, the reason why he decided to head to Site 7 was to see whether or not he could upgrade one of his titles.
'[Signs of a True Elite],' Valyr thought to himself. 'The last time I tried to upgrade the title, I was in an Experience Pit back in Clossbay City. The level gap that I needed to upgrade the title was already there, but because the monsters I fought against were all normal monsters, the title couldn't upgrade.'
'I should really thank that staff person for reminding me about the Akashic Battlefield.' Recalling that specific staff person back then in the Experience Pit that suggested him to go to one, Valyr inwardly thanked the man before proceeding to head through the official exit, with Zeik following him as they made their way to Point Caelion's Site 7.
…
"Let's stop here for now." Noticing a small sea of monsters appearing from their field of horizon Valyr quickly stopped in his tracks as he reminded himself of the curse he had. Of course, with the young man stopping all of a sudden, Zeik had to stop as well, looking at the young man with slight confusion.
"What are we going to do here?" Though they were already within the territory designated as Site 7, Zeik did not understand why they had to be so far away from the monsters Valyr would have to kill. "Do you have to take a break or something?"
"Nah. I just wanted to confirm something." Telling his escort to be quiet, Valyr pushed his perception to its utmost limits, simultaneously activating the hyperfocus ability of [Gambler's Discerning Eyes] to get a better look at the monsters he would be up against. Activating [Greater Analysis] every so often, it took a while for the young man to find the monster he wanted to fight against, bitterly smiling as a thought popped up into his mind.
'I overlooked the fact that the monsters would be one tier stronger than they originally are under the curse.'
'Fortunately, there are still some normal monsters among them.'
Ding!
[Metallic Centipede] (Level 50)
Class: Metallic Centipede
HP: 2,784/2,784
MP: 4,296/4,296
Stats: 116 VIT, 50 STR, 117 AGI, 50 DEX, 179 INT, 154 WIS, 90 PER, 50 LUK
Skills: [Metal Bolt], [Basic Spellcasting], [Basic Mana Affinity], [Basic Metal Affinity], [Dash],…
Remarks: An incredibly shiny centipede. Watch out for its metal magic.
Thud.
Taking a few steps forward that allowed the normal Metallic Centipede to be within a hundred meters from Valyr, the Metallic Centipede soon gained a crimson haze around its head as it turned to look at the young man, its aura undergoing a swift increase in power.
Then, empowered by the increase in strength, the enraged Metallic Centipede swiftly slithered towards the duo, prompting Zeik to alert Valyr of the rogue monster heading their way as he noticed the centipede charging up a ball of energy of sorts.
However, before the centipede could even be within 20 meters from Valyr…
"[Crimson Blade Torrent]!"
Whoosh!
Bang!
Ding!
[With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.]
[You have slain a Level 50 Metallic Centipede (Elite). You have gained 239,835 XP.]
[Showing the world proof that you truly have what it takes to defeat monsters of a higher level and tier than you, your title 'Signs of a True Elite' has been upgraded to 'Makings of a True Elite'.]
Chapter 441: Ranks Of The True Elite
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
'At times like these, you can't help but think that the system is stringent in its requirements sometimes.' Obtaining a notification that [Signs of a True Elite] had been upgraded, Valyr let out a small chuckle, thinking about how ironic the requirements were, considering the monsters that he had been fighting against these past few days.
'Anyways, what kind of things did the title upgrade change?' With a bright smile plastered on his face, the young man commanded the system to show him the description of his newly upgraded title, causing a screen to appear in front of him not long after.
Ding!
[Makings of a True Elite] (Title)
Rarity: Uncommon+
To be able to ignore the great disparity between you and your opponent not only in level, but in tier as well, you've shown that you have what it takes to become a true elite. You have now entered the ranks of the strong, beings that serve as the backbone and inspiration of the future generation.
To improve this title to the next stage, you must kill one Uncommon Elite tier monster at least 10 levels higher than your current level.
Effects:
> +8% damage to monsters at Elite tier and below at least 10 levels higher than the user
> +5% Attack and Defense
"Did the title ever mention the requirement needed to upgrade it in the past? I can't remember." Closing the screen after he was done reading, Valyr uttered out a few words to himself, inwardly nodding in satisfaction as he thought about following the words written on the title's description to take the title one step further.
"What…" Though, just as he was about to make a move against another monster to upgrade his title, Valyr was reminded of his escort's presence, whose current expression was that of someone at an immense loss for words. "You just killed that monster in one hit…"
"Hmm?" Looking back at Zeik, Valyr raised his eyebrow as he nodded. "Yeah? What about it?"
"And you were just telling me earlier that you would only be able to handle Rank 4 Elite monsters at most?" Seeing that Valyr was not getting what he was trying to convey, Zeik let out a soft sigh. "That kind of strength is more than enough to fight against high tier Rank 4 monsters without a problem!"
"I'd still rather err on the side of caution." Gaining a stronger belief that he might just have what it takes to fight against Rank 4 monsters because of Zeik's words, Valyr swiftly discarded those thoughts as he gave the man a wry smile. "If anything, the only way I would be certain I could fight against a Rank 4 monster without a problem is if I fought against a Rank 4 monster."
"Let's head to Point Devann, then." Unsurprisingly, Zeik took those words as an opportunity, suggesting that they head to a place more suitable for his strength.
Unfortunately for him…
"I'm still getting warmed up. Not so sure about my strength once I go all out yet." Continuing to smile at Zeik, Valyr shifted his gaze back to the sea of monsters situated a fair distance away from them, utilizing his hyperfocus ability and [Greater Analysis] once more to find a monster that fit the requirements needed for him to upgrade his title even further.
Thankfully, it did not take long for him to find one, taking a few steps in a certain direction to get an Elite tier Metallic Centipede to be within a hundred meters from Valyr.
Whoosh!
Similar to the normal Metallic Centipede from earlier, the Elite tier Metallic Centipede gained a crimson haze around its head as its aura underwent a significant boost in strength, crawling across the watery ground at great speeds as it sought to end Valyr's life once and for all. However, just like the Metallic Centipede from earlier…
"[Crimson Blade Torrent]!"
Whoosh!
Ding!
[With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.]
[You have slain a Level 50 Metallic Centipede (Uncommon Elite). You have gained 287,802 XP.]
[Showing the world that even Uncommon Elite beings pose no difficulty against your onslaught, your title 'Makings of a True Elite' has been upgraded to 'True Elite I'.]
Leaving nothing more than the somewhat mangled and charred remains of what was an enraged Metallic Centipede around the same distance where the first Metallic Centipede had been slain, Valyr took a look at the description of the upgraded title once more, nodding as he took note of the changes brought about by the upgrade, as well as the requirements needed to upgrade it once more.
'A Rare Elite monster 10 levels higher than me, huh.' Taking a brief look at Zeik, whose eyes now seemed to be rolling inward due to the shock he felt, Valyr returned his gaze back to the sea of Metallic Centipedes near them, having to maneuver his movements in a way that he did not attract any of the normal and Elite tier Metallic Centipedes while finding an Uncommon Elite one.
Though he had to kill about a dozen Metallic Centipedes along the way, with almost 75% of them being Uncommon Elite thanks to the curse's effects, he eventually came across a lone Uncommon Elite tier Metallic Centipede near the outer region of the sea of monsters.
Making sure to not attract any other Metallic Centipedes along the way, Valyr swiftly made his presence known to the Uncommon Elite tier Metallic Centipede, which swiftly improved to Rare Elite thanks to the curse's effects as it swiftly made its way to where Valyr was.
Sadly for the Metallic Centipede, just like the two that came before it…
"[Crimson Blade Torrent]!"
Whoosh!
Ding!
[With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.]
[You have slain a Level 50 Metallic Centipede (Rare Elite). You have gained 335,769 XP.]
[With even Rare Elite beings bowing down under your might, your title 'True Elite I' has been upgraded to 'True Elite II'.]
'Now I have to kill an Epic Elite monster 15 levels higher than my current level if I want to upgrade the title, huh.' Skimming through the title's new description, only to focus on the requirements needed to upgrade it, Valyr turned around to look at Zeik before asking him a question.
"Say, you know where Site 9 is, right?"
"…"
"…"
Thud.
Chapter 442: Peak Of The True Elite
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
After Zeik fell to the ground on his butt from the utter disbelief he felt from witnessing Valyr dispose of monsters near the peak of Rank 3 without much of a problem, the man eventually stood up after taking a few deep breaths, inwardly letting out a sigh as the two of them swiftly made their way to Site 9, the final site within Point Caelion.
While making their way to the point's final site, Zeik looked at Valyr every once in a while, wondering what was going on in the young man's head at the moment. Though the young man mentioned that they had arrived at Site 7 for him to do a bit of warm-up before getting serious, he had killed only a couple dozen of monsters within the site without difficulty before proceeding to request for a change.
'Is he trying to find out his current limit?' Zeik wondered to himself, thinking that there was some sense to the idea. 'After all, he moved from a normal Level 50 monster, to one at the Elite tier, and then the Uncommon Elite tier after that.'
'He's probably trying to see how strong the monster would need to be before he would be unable to kill them in a short time or something,' thought the man not long after, only recalling the barrage of orange crimson flames the young man would sent out in response to the monster's charge.
With that thought in mind, the two eventually arrived at Site 9, stopping once more in an area that was a fair distance away from the sea of monsters that existed within the site. Of course, unlike at Site 7, where almost all of the monsters in the site were Metallic Centipedes, the prominent monsters at Site 9 were completely different.
"[Greater Analysis]."
Ding!
[Mana Stone Golem (Uncommon Elite)] (Level 55)
Class: Mana Stone Golem
HP: 4,944/4,944
MP: 5,520/5,520
Stats: 206 VIT, 231 STR, 209 AGI, 83 DEX, 230 INT, 167 WIS, 176 PER, 83 LUK
Skills: [Basic Physical Damage Resistance], [Basic Physical Damage Nullification], [Basic Magical Damage Resistance], [Basic Magical Damage Nullification], [Basic Mana Affinity],…
Remarks: Would make a great defender for precious items.
"Say, Zeik. What's the highest tier of monster I could possibly come across in this site?" Proceeding to scour the entire sea of monsters once more to find a monster that would fit the requirements needed to upgrade the title, Valyr threw a question at his escort, prompting the latter to go silent as he pondered over it.
"Hmm… I'm pretty sure Rare Elites are the strongest tier of monsters you would commonly find in this site." Zeik looked back at Valyr, whose attention was focused on finding the monster he needed. "Though, I think some people have said that if you're unlucky, you might come across an Epic Elite?"
"I'm not so keen on that one." Scratching the back of his head as he wondered whether Valyr listened to what he said, Zeik eventually shrugged his shoulders as he watched what Valyr would do now that they were at the point's final site.
"Finally found one." Due to the fact that Mana Stone Golems had huge bodies made out of stone, Valyr had to kill quite around 20 of them, all of them Rare Elite due to the curse's effects, to be able to finally come across a Mana Stone Golem that was at Rare Elite tier.
Of course, with his target locked, he then moved a few steps forward, allowing the Rare Elite tier Mana Stone Golem to be within a hundred meters from Valyr, causing its eyes to glow a crimson red as its energy now seemed to match a monster of a higher tier.
Thud! Thud! Thud!
With its eyes locked on Valyr's presence, the Mana Stone Golem seemed to go berserk as every step it made closer to the young man made the ground faintly tremble. At the speed it was going, it was enough to make Zeik briefly look at Valyr with a hint of worry, wondering whether the latter had finally bitten more off than he could chew.
But just like before…
"[Crimson Blade Torrent]!"
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
Out of nowhere, a barrage of orange crimson flames manifested in front of Valyr, all of them darting straight for the Mana Stone Golem's body as its destructive energy dealt massive damage to the monster with each hit. Eventually, the Mana Stone Golem's regenerative capabilities were overwhelmed by the crimson blades, causing it to crumble to rubble as a notification sound soon resounded within Valyr's mind.
Ding!
[With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.]
[You have slain a Level 55 Mana Stone Golem (Epic Elite). You have gained 560,496 XP.]
[You are reaching the ranks where your might makes even those stronger than you tremble with fear, Epic Elite beings posing no threat to your domination. Due to the feat you have achieved, your title 'True Elite II' has been upgraded to 'True Elite III'.]
'I wonder how far I could upgrade this title?' Seeing that the title's description still contained a part that explained the requirements needed to upgrade it even further, a question popped up into Valyr's mind as he proceeded to look for another monster that would fit his requirements. 'Anyways, a Legendary Elite monster 15 levels higher than me…'
…
"…" Watching as Valyr proceeded to fight against all of the Mana Stone Golems that came after him just as he had finished killing a Rare Elite tier Mana Stone Golem, Zeik wondered to himself as to why he was accompanying Valyr in the first place. After all, as far as he knew, a Rare Elite monster of a certain rank was already equivalent in strength to a monster of the next rank.
"He says he's not sure if he could take down Rank 4 Elite monsters with his current strength, but that level of strength he's shown me is probably enough to even fight those at the peak of Rank 4 with ease." Taking a deep breath to make sure a repeat of what happened earlier would not happen, Zeik watched as Valyr eventually stopped being hounded by Mana Stone Golems, the latter keeping a close eye on one of the Mana Stone Golems near the periphery that seemed stronger than the rest.
"Epic Elite tier…" Casting his own identification skill at the monster Valyr was looking at, Zeik soon became privy to the monster's real strength, swallowing a bit of saliva from the anxiety of wondering whether the young man had finally met his match.
Of course, seeing the Epic Elite tier Mana Stone Golem dash towards Valyr only exacerbated that anxious feeling.
Thud! Thud! Thud!
With the ground quaking once more under the Mana Stone Golem's heavy footsteps, Valyr stood where he was, gazing at the monster that was getting closer to him with a calm expression. On the other hand, the worry Zeik felt towards Valyr's safety became greater, inwardly cursing Valyr for not dodging what seemed to be an obvious attack.
However, this concern swiftly disappeared as he witnessed Valyr's next step.
"[Shadow Serpent Style]…"
"[Strike of the Venomous Night]."
Swoosh!
Bang!
…
…
Ding!
[With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.]
[You have slain a Level 55 Mana Stone Golem (Legendary Elite). You have gained 630,558 XP.]
[Killing Legendary Elite beings as if they were only normal hindrances to your path, you have truly shown the world that no one can make you bend to their will. Due to the feat you have achieved, your title 'True Elite III' has been upgraded to 'True Elite IV'.]
Chapter 443: Khorza’an’s Chosen
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Outside one of the entrances to Algerie Kingdom's Akashic Battlefield…
"For Algerie! For humanity!" Letting out a beastly roar, a man wearing a slightly bloodied uniform unsheathed the saber around his waist, his eyes filled with aggression and killing intent as he stared at the five tall beings with olive green skin looking back at him.
Flaring his aura to its limits, the man swiftly dashed forward at the fastest speed he could muster, infusing the energy of his Intent into his saber along the way. With every step he took, the saber seemed to grow heavier and heavier under the vision of these five beings, yet the man still wielded it with ease.
"Die!" Once the man was only a small distance away from the five, he unhesitatingly swung the saber down, letting out all of the energy from his Intent that had accumulated within his saber in one destructive move.
Jumping back to not get caught in the aftermath of the attack, a proud smile gradually crept up onto his lips, thinking that the five would have been grievously injured by his attack, if not debilitated.
Whoosh!
However, contrary to his expectations, the attack that he had put all of his strength and energy into was casually swatted away by the being at the center, instantly turning all of the hope and courage the man had while fighting against them to dust.
"Is this all you've got, human?" the being at the center asked with a deep voice, a slightly disappointed gaze in his expression. "If so, then your resistance is useless."
"Guh…" Gritting his teeth in anger and indignance, the man looked at the five beings with far greater killing intent than before. Before his mind could even think about it, his body already began to move in the direction of the five beings, hoping to inflict at least a slight injury to all of them.
Being the last one among them to remain standing, the man witnessed how the five beings appeared near the rift to the Akashic Battlefield out of nowhere, rendering almost all of the people wanting to enter the Akashic Battlefield dead with just a couple of moves.
Though the people in uniforms, just like him, were stronger than the masses due to their job needing it, with some picking up combat experience before being hired, it only delayed the inevitable for them. Just like the people that came before them, they turned into nothing but a puddle of flesh and blood, staining the ground a crimson red.
"Graaaahhhh!!!" Seeing as his body wanted to at least avenge the ones that had fallen before him, the man decided to go all in on what might just be his final attack, infusing all of the energy that remained within his body, channeling it towards his saber alongside the Intent he had used earlier.
"Intent of the Mountains!"
"[Mountain Cleaving Saber]!"
Bang!
Wanting to make sure that every possible ounce of strength he had in his body was sent through the saber he wielded, the man seemed to have a new state of comprehension, pushing his understanding of his Intent one step further. Naturally, this delighted the man, surprised that he would make a breakthrough in the midst of battle.
However, just as he thought that the improvement to his Intent would be more than enough to at least deal a bit of damage to the five…
"Truly useless…"
Whoosh!
Bang!
"Gah!" The man's attack was casually dispelled once more by the being at the center, looking at the four other beings that accompanied it for a bit before proceeding to send out a punch in the man's direction. Infusing it with all the strength and comprehension it could muster, the being's punch landed squarely on the man's chest, forming a hole as the man was sent flying.
Thud.
Falling to the ground a fair distance away from the five beings with a thud, the man tried to get up once more, a look of fear and desperation appearing on his face once he noticed the large gaping hole that now existed on his chest. Feeling energy gradually disappearing from his body, the man pushed his body to stand up…
Only to breathe out his last once he did.
"With that, there are no more witnesses." Staring at the man that died while standing up, the being at the center eventually turned around to look at the large portal that existed behind them, feeling the connection it had to another space.
"Gaar, are you sure we've killed all of the humans within this area?" Looking at one of the beings beside him, the being at the center threw a question.
"Gaar made sure no one escaped." Hearing the question, Gaar nodded in response. "If you want to be really sure, Gaar suggest you ask Kraag as well."
"Kraag also made sure no escaped." Hearing his name being mentioned, the being named Kraag backed up Gaar's claims. "Went around the perimeter to kill all humans that tried to escape."
"Don't worry too much about it, Meirat. They made sure they did their job well." Just as the being at the center was about to ask yet another within their group if none of the humans had escaped, one of them decided to put the being's mind at ease. "I know this is your first mission from the Emperor himself, but don't sweat too much on the details."
"Plus, as one of Khorza'an's Chosen, shouldn't you trust in your comrades more?"
"Hreig…" Meirat, the one that had been asking questions all this time, looked at the man that spoke up for the others. After becoming silent for a while, he slightly nodded before letting out a low sigh. "I got too caught up in the details."
"How much time do you think we have till other humans are notified of this incident, Murak?" Staring at the last being that had yet to speak out, Meirat threw out a question at him.
"From the information we've been given on how long the humans' shifts are, about four hours, give or take." Briefly glancing at Meirat, Murak spat out an answer that prompted the former to nod in response.
"Guess we have to make the most out of it." Taking in a deep breath, Meirat moved closer to the rift that led to the Akashic Battlefield, with Hreig and the others swiftly followed him. Looking at one another as they nodded, the five shouted in unison before proceeding to enter the rift.
"For Emperor Khorza'an and the prosperity of the Empire!"
"Long live the Emperor!"
Whoosh!
Chapter 444: Entering Point Devann
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Disappearing from the vicinity of the rift at the very moment they stepped in, Meirat and the others soon felt their bodies being enveloped by a unique energy that allowed them to travel safely in space. Taking note of this, Meirat looked at Murak, who looked back at him as the two of them soon nodded at each other.
Swoosh!
"Mngh…" Resisting the pull of the energy surrounding them as much as possible, Murak was eventually able to extend both of his hands outward, sending a great portion of his mana circulating through it as the energy that was covering all five of them gradually lost its strength to send them to their intended location.
"You don't get to see the fabric of space this up close very often," said Hreig as he gave Murak a thumbs up. Seeing what he had done, Gaar and Kraag also gave Murak a thumbs up, though the latter ignored all of them as he focused on the space surrounding them.
"Intent of the Void."
Whoosh!
Attuning himself to the energy he had become familiar with thanks to his intent, the mana Murak was circulating through his extended arms gradually took on the property of the energy that existed throughout the space they were currently in. Making sure that the unique energy protecting them at the moment wasn't dispelled, Murak then utilized the mana he had just converted to try and change their intended location.
"[Calling of the Void]."
"[Ten Dimensions, One Space]."
Swoosh!
Gesturing in the air for quite some time whilst chanting a few words that seemed to resonate with the mana he had control over, a set of six portals soon appeared in front of the five, giving them a brief glimpse of the locations that they could possibly end up appearing in.
"From left to right, these portals are ordered from the weakest general aura to the strongest general aura." Taking in a few deep breaths as he made sure he had control over the portals and the energy, Murak turned around to look at the other four that were with him, only to shift his gaze towards Meirat. "Where are we going to appear first, Meirat?"
"Hmm…" Rubbing his chin for a bit, Meirat thought back to the goal of the mission that had been given to him, which was to try and inflict as much damage to the human race as possible after infiltrating the Akashic Battlefield. Of course, as a new member of Khorza'an's Chosen, he was going to try his best to make sure that would be the case.
"How strong is the general aura in that portal?" Pointing at the portal that was at the fourth position in line, Meirat threw a question at Murak.
"Roughly around the early and middle levels of Rank 4." Closing his eyes for a bit, Murak gave Meirat the answer he wanted.
"And the portal to the right?"
"Near the peak levels of Rank 4. A great portion of them even having Intents."
"Let's head to the first portal I asked about. Also, make sure that we appear as far away from the humans as possible." As these words came out of Meirat's mouth, the four swiftly nodded as Murak made use of the converted mana once more, changing the intended location of the unique energy surrounding their bodies all this time to that of the location Meirat suggested.
Taking a couple minutes to fully reconfigure the unique energy, Murak eventually allowed it to pull on their bodies once more, now taking them to the location Meirat had chosen.
"Now that I think about it, why'd you choose that portal?" Catching his breath after spending most of his energy manipulating the fabric of space itself, Murak looked at Meirat and asked him a question. "Even though you're only at Rank 4, wouldn't you still be able to defeat those at Rank 5 without a problem?"
"I would be able to." Meirat nodded in response. "However, the reason why I chose this portal instead of the one with the Rank 5 aura is to try and eliminate a great portion of talented Rank 4 beings. After all, with how aggressive the other orcs are fighting for the empire, it's only a matter of time before the Rank 5 humans would need to be replaced by other Rank 5 humans?"
"And where would they get that?"
"I see…" Though Murak thought that there was a couple of flaws to Meirat's logic, he decided not to refute it since he was only following the orders of Khorza'an's Chosen.
As for Meirat, after he was finished explaining it to Murak, he soon realized that there seemed to be a few problems to his idea. However, he was still going to stick to it since his strength was more than enough to slay even those in the middle of Rank 4 with one hit.
Being one of Khorza'an's Chosen, that meant that he would need to have a Rare class at the very least, which meant that he would have a level of strength far exceeding those in the same rank as him. Though, rather than have the bare minimum Rare class, he instead had an Epic class, allowing him to surmount large gaps in strength without much problem, especially with him being born with innate strength.
Believing in himself as he was one of Khorza'an's Chosen, as well as the strength he had cultivated so far through his Epic class, Meirat believed that they would be able to complete the mission with an incredibly high level of success under his leadership. After all…
Who in the humans' side could possibly be stronger than him?
…
Whoosh!
"I told you we should have gone to Point Devann in the first place."
"I did say we were heading to Point Caelion so I could do a bit of warm-up and find out my limits."
"And killing only a few dozen monsters before deciding to move on is considered a warm-up?"
"…haah. Could you just help me find an area within this point that might have Legendary Elites?"
"Fine, fine. I'll go ahead and ask around."
"Thank you."
Chapter 445: The Next Tier
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"I wonder what's taking him so long…" Waiting by the stone platform where everyone entering Point Devann appeared on, Valyr watched multiple passersby come and go, taking note of some of their expressions from time to time. "A lot of people have serious faces for some reason."
Eventually, after waiting for a time far longer than he had expected, Zeik had come back to where he was, with the young man thinking that the former finally had the answers to his questions. However, rather than have a neutral or calm expression like he always did, Zeik instead had a slightly grim expression on his face as he looked at Valyr.
"What's wrong? Was there not any information on the site?" Naturally, after seeing the man's expression, Valyr stood up and moved closer, a slight frown adorning his face as he wondered what was going on.
"There is. Don't worry about that part," Zeik reassured him, only for his expression to turn even more grim as he continued. "However, I've heard reports from some of the merchants in the outpost of a certain sighting out in the battlefield."
"To think the rumors are true." Muttering these words to himself, the man softly shook his head as he let out a sigh. "The kingdom is definitely not going to be happy once they hear about this."
"What did you hear from the merchants?" Though he was inwardly relieved that he would be able to upgrade his title to higher levels, Valyr decided to place that thought at the back of his head for now as he focused on the other topic Zeik had mentioned. "Wait… don't tell me…"
"Julian was right in having me accompany you to this place." Hearing these words come out of Zeik's mouth, Valyr had more or less confirmed the possibility he had come up with, causing his expression to turn grim as well.
"Orcs have infiltrated the Akashic Battlefield?" Deciding to not waste time, Zeik proceeded to make his way to one of the official exits, with Valyr following behind him. Along the way, the young man picked up where their conversation had left off.
"Yeah. A group of five orcs have been seen in Point Devann's battlefields, specifically the latter sites." Nodding in response, Zeik slightly hastened his steps, prompting Valyr to follow suit. "It's quite surprising to think that the orcs appeared just as we had appeared in Point Devann."
"I was definitely not expecting Julian's words to become true, to say the least." Valyr briefly shrugged his shoulders. "In any case, what's the plan now?"
"Well, since your original intention in heading to the Akashic Battlefield is to gain some combat experience, you go ahead and continue doing that." Saying these words, Zeik then told Valyr the directions to the site within Point Devann that would have the monsters he needed, which was Site 2-S.
"As for me…" Once he was done giving Valyr directions to Site 2-S, a wry smile appeared on Zeik's face. "Though I have been tasked by Julian to be your escort, as a commander of the guild's Combat Specialist Division, I'm considered one of the many protectors of the kingdom when it comes to invading foes."
"With that, we'll have to go our separate ways for now." At these words, Zeik went silent for a bit as multiple thoughts lingered in his head. After a while, he brought up a screen in front of him and began to interact with it, only for a notification sound to resound in Valyr's mind a few seconds later.
Ding!
[Zeik Verrthorne (Lvl. 89) has sent you a friend request. Would you like to accept?]
Slightly confused as to why Zeik would send him a friend request all of a sudden, Valyr looked at the man, who instantly understood what the latter was trying to ask through his gaze.
"This is so we could still maintain a sense of communication between us even though we're separated," said Zeik in response. "It'll also allow you to be up to date on the situation regarding the orcs within Point Devann. With that, if things go south, I want you to drop what you're doing and leave the Akashic Battlefield as soon as possible. Relay everything that happened here to Julian, got it?"
"You make it sound like you might die." Though a frown adorned his face, Valyr respected the man's decision, nodding as he committed the instruction to memory. "As a Rank 5 class holder, surely you won't be defeated by a small group of orcs, right?"
"I definitely have a high chance of escaping, that's for sure." Zeik laughed in response. "Either way, I won't push my luck while fighting against them."
"After all, I still have to fight you sometime in the future."
Leaving those parting words, Zeik bade farewell to the young man, faintly smiling as he waved goodbye. After that, he disappeared from the young man's field of vision within seconds, pushing his movement speed to its utmost limits to reach the orcs as soon as possible.
Whoosh!
Allowing the strong gust of wind generated by Zeik's movements to blow over him, Valyr looked in the general direction as to where his escort was heading for a while before deciding to head to Site 2-S.
"I wonder if I could be of any help to the situation…"
…
"Finally made it." Slightly gasping for air as he had arrived, Valyr inwardly let out a sigh of relief once he had found a sea of bears appear before him, all of which had auras that far surpassed even the strongest golems that existed within Site 9 of Point Caelion. As he sifted through the bears' strengths through the use of [Greater Analysis], he thought about how the general landscape of the Akashic Battlefield confused his sense of direction.
"I should really frequent this place more often. Can't just rely on my past life's memories." Softly chuckling to himself, he thought about how he began to head in a different direction from Zeik, thinking that he was heading in a direction that would lead him straight to Site 2-S. However, what instead happened was he gradually veered away from his original course, eventually finding himself in Site 4, where some people were helpful enough to lead him to where he needed to go.
"Of course, even after being helped out by other people in the area, I still ended up getting lost." Muttering these words to himself, he thought about how he continued to veer more and more away from Site 2-S, eventually finding himself in Site 11-S, which was considered the most dangerous site within Point Devann.
Aside from all of the monsters within the site being at the peak of Rank 4, the weakest among them was at Ancient Elite tier, with the strongest among them even having formed their own Intents. Naturally, Valyr swiftly got away from the site, thankfully stumbling across Site 2-S around 20 minutes later after reaching Site 11-S.
"Thankfully, these bears are separated from one another. If not, I'd probably be facing against a bunch of them right now." Humming a little tune as he continued to sift through the sea of bears that existed within Site 2-S, Valyr eventually found the exact monster he needed to fight against, taking in a deep breath as he took a look at its stats.
Ding!
[Fulgurite Bear (Legendary Elite)] (Level 60)
Class: Lightning Bear (Uncommon)
HP: 14,336/14,336
MP: 10,432/10,432
Stats: 448 VIT, 448 STR, 448 AGI, 448 DEX, 326 INT, 326 WIS, 151 PER, 135 LUK
Skills: [Fulgurite Claw Arts], [Basic Lightning Magic Style], [Intermediate Lightning Affinity], [Intermediate Mana Affinity], [Basic Spellcasting], [Basic Magical Damage Resistance],…
Remarks: Literally the definition of fast and deadly while you're up against it.
"The high agility is going to be a bit of a problem…" Scratching his head as he thought about how he would go about killing the bear he had chosen, a slight smirk eventually crept up onto his lips as a foolproof plan surfaced in his mind.
"Then again, I have the initiative."
Thud!
Jumping in a certain direction that would allow the Legendary Elite tier Fulgurite Bear to be within a hundred meters from him, Valyr landed on the ground with a solid thud, attracting the attention of some of the Fulgurite Bears, only to then be ignored by them soon after.
"Grooooaaarrrr!!!" On the other hand, the Fulgurite Bear he was aiming to kill had been enraged to its utmost limit thanks to Valyr's small move. Within seconds, its eyes gained a crimson red sheen as its aura ballooned to reach a level of power that the young man thought would be difficult to defeat in normal circumstances.
Whoosh!
Just like its name implied, the Fulgurite Bear swiftly closed the distance between the two of them with its high agility, with small sparks starting to form around its slightly yellowish fur. However, before these sparks could even culminate into anything…
Valyr made his move.
"[Intermediate Fire Magic Style: Blazing Vigor]."
"[Limit Break]."
"[Offense Aura+]."
"[Rage of the Nascent Wyvern]."
Swoosh!
In less than an instant, Valyr's offensive capabilities rose to a level that instilled a small sliver of fear within the Fulgurite Bear. Yet even with that sliver of fear lingering within it, the bear continued to dash in the young man's direction, trusting in its newfound strength to be able to eradicate the fear it felt once and for all.
As for Valyr, seeing that the bear still remained on its path to kill him, he took in a deep breath, extending out his spear at the very moment the distance between them was close enough for the spear tip to touch the Fulgurite Bear's head.
"[Shadow Serpent Style]."
"[Strike of the Venomous Night]."
Bang!
…
…
…
Ding!
[With a 10+ level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 200%.]
[You have slain a Level 60 Mana Stone Golem (Mythic Elite). You have gained 990,375 XP.]
[Slaying Mythic Elite beings with your weapon, you have demonstrated that you have what it takes to upset the natural order of the world. You have what it takes to upset the balance and bring forth a new era under your strength.]
[Due to the feat you have achieved, your title 'True Elite IV' has been upgraded to 'Slayer of Ascendants'.]
Chapter 446: Slayer Of Ascendants
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
Gazing at the Fulgurite Bear, whose head had exploded into bits under the force generated by his attack, Valyr let out a long and drawn-out sigh as he slowly retracted his spear back, shaking off the blood that stuck onto it as he affixed it to his back once more. Then, after making sure that there weren't any other Fulgurite Bears in the vicinity, the young man distanced himself from the sea of monsters once more, allowing any nearby Fulgurite Bears to take a bite at the corpse he had left behind.
"I guess this is the final upgrade to the title, huh." Finally taking a look at the notifications he had received after killing the enraged Fulgurite Bear, Valyr was surprised that the title had finally reached its final upgrade. Though, at the same time, he was somewhat disappointed, considering that there were far more tiers beyond Mythic Elite.
However, just as he had begun to accept the fact that his journey to improving the title had ended here, Valyr went ahead and took a look at the title's description after making sure no monsters would be able to ambush him. Reading through the entirety of the title's description in a solemn fashion, a slight chuckle left the young man's mouth as a smile adorned his face.
"I stand corrected. It seems the journey to upgrade this title isn't over yet."
Ding!
[Slayer of Ascendants (Stage I)] (Title)
Rarity: Legendary
To have the ability to surmount the immense gap in level and experience between you and your opponent, while still remaining at a disadvantage in multiple aspects of combat, you have truly shown the world that your identity is not only limited to being a combat prodigy, able to surmount a single rank at most. Instead, you have shown the world the capability to upset the fine balance of the world and turn it to ashes, bringing awe and reverence to your closest of friends, and immense despair to your worst of foes.
You, who has the ability to slay those that came before you, have become the greatest enemy of these beings. Or perhaps, you have become their greatest ally. It is up to you to decide on which you shall eventually end up becoming.
[Stage I | Recognition - You have shown the world that you have what it takes to turn even the most important aspects of combat, experience and time, into nothing but a foolish variable. However, will you show them that your path has already ended? Or will you show them that your path has just begun?]
Effects:
> +25% damage to monsters at Mythic Elite tier and below that are at least 20 levels higher than the user
> +15% damage to beings that are at least 20 levels higher than the user
> +15% Attack and Defense
> Reduces the efficacy of reduced damage against higher-leveled beings by 10% [Stage I - Recognition]
Upgrade requirements:
> Either kill 1,000 monsters at Mythic Elite tier or greater, or kill 1,000 beings at least 20 levels above your current level (0/1000)
Closing the screen before him after he was finished reading, Valyr pondered over everything he had just acquired from the title with a satisfied smile on his face.
Though he had not seen the changes the title underwent while he was on a killing spree to upgrade the title as much as possible, the first few effects of [Slayer of Ascendants] was enough to remind him once more that such a powerful title had come from the humble [Signs of a True Elite] title that he used to have.
However, unlike before, where its effects had only given him a negligible benefit to his combat at most, [Slayer of Ascendants] now allowed these effects to become more prominent, gaining a 25% boost to his overall damage, as long as he was fighting against a monster that did not exceed the Mythic Elite tier.
Add on the increased damage to enemies that were at least 20 levels higher than him, whether the increase stacked additively or multiplicatively with the damage boost from before, Valyr was more than certain that his attacks had become far deadlier than before.
Then again, the young man had more or less expected these effects to become more prominent after the title had undergone an upgrade more than a few times. What truly caught Valyr off guard was the final effect attached to the title.
An effect that even he had not come across in his past life while playing Greater Beyond.
"I was told back then that there were a couple of titles that allowed players to fight higher-leveled monsters with ease," muttered Valyr to himself as he went through his treasure trove of memories from his past life. "At some point, I dismissed it as some sort of myth since the Mythic class I got allowed me to do the same thing."
"But I never expected them to actually be true." As far as Valyr could recall, similar to how there was a system in place wherein higher-leveled beings wouldn't be able to gain as much XP from lower-leveled beings after some point, there was also a system in place that discouraged lower-leveled beings from fighting against higher-leveled beings… up to a certain point.
Commonly known by all players including Valyr back then as the Damage Restriction System, this system reduced the amount of damage an opposing monster or being took against a player that was of a certain level below itself. Each consecutive level increased the reduction in damage by an additional 2%, which meant that a level gap of one equated to a 2% decrease in damage dealt to the higher-leveled side.
On the other hand, a level gap of 10 equated to a 20% decrease in damage, while a level gap of 20 equated to a 40% decrease in damage, a gap that was only surmountable by players in the past by relying on high rarity classes, as well as Vital and Brutal Hits.
Of course, at the very end of the spectrum, a level gap of 50 equated to a 100% decrease in damage. This meant that whatever attack the player sent out at this higher-leveled enemy, the only damage the opposing side would receive would be a staggering one point. In many more ways than one, players have come to accept the fact that fighting against an enemy 50 levels higher than them was an impossibility.
However, just because of one additional effect in what was once a simple title, Valyr now thought that he could make the impossible a reality.
Chapter 447: A Fight Between Two Ranks
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"Reduces the efficacy of reduced damage against higher-leveled beings by 10%… does that mean if I fight against a monster 10 levels higher than me, my damage will only be reduced by 18% rather than 20%?" Pondering over how the final effect of his newly upgraded title worked, Valyr began to think out loud. "Or would it work like a flat reduction where my damage would only be reduced by 10% instead of 20%?"
"Should I head back to Point Caelion and test it out?" Pondering over it for a bit more, Valyr eventually decided to head to Point Caelion in the meantime to see whether the effect applied multiplicatively or additively.
"The damage a single punch deals is consistent, being equivalent to my main Attack stat, which is DEX, multiplied to my Attack stat coefficient, which is 3 thanks to my current class rank." Making his way back to the outpost since that's where the rift to Point Caelion was, Valyr continued to go over his thought process.
"If the damage I deal to a Level 45 monster is equal to my Attack stat minus the monster's defense, then the effect is additive. If it's lower than what I calculated in my mind, then it's multiplicative." With everything about what he was going to do in Point Caelion finally organized in his mind, the young man swiftly sped up his pace, disappearing from the periphery of Site 2-S as he began to head back to the outpost surrounding Point Devann sometime latter.
…
"Agh!" Letting out a pained cry as a hole was torn open through his chest by a single fist, the man looked at the tall green being before him with abject horror, wondering why such beings were inside what they considered a safe place. Unfortunately, before the man could even obtain his answer, his consciousness had already disappeared, his body nothing more than a lifeless shell of its former shelf.
"Murak. Progress report." Retracting the fist he had used to kill a human for what was already a great number of times, Meirat briefly looked at the human he had slain with a solemn expression before turning around to look at the orc beside him, whose clothes seemed more fitting for someone of the human race than that of the orcs.
"So far, we've confirmed that we have arrived at an entrance named Point Devann by the humans," said Murak in response after a bit of silence. "There are a total of 21 sites within this entrance, with the number of the humans that are within this entrance totaling up to around 900 or so."
"How many humans have we killed so far?" Nodding as he listened to Murak's report, Meirat threw him a question.
"We've currently killed all of the humans within the last nine sites, so around 250 humans, give or take."
"I presume most of them would be at the outpost, right?"
"That would be correct." Nodding in response to Meirat's question, Murak briefly closed his eyes as he did a few gestures in the air, utilizing the converted mana he had used earlier for them to appear in Point Devann. "Around a third of the total humans within this entrance are located within the outpost, though most of them are only Rank 3 at most."
"I see." Committing his comrade's words to memory, Meirat soon told Murak to accompany Hreig and the others in killing all of the remaining humans that were trying to escape the site, prompting the latter to nod in response before swiftly leaving the former off to his own devices.
"Have I made the right decision in infiltrating Point Devann?" Once he was the only orc remaining in the surrounding area, Meirat took the time to sit on the ground and ponder over all of the decisions he and his group have made during the mission so far. Then again, as one of Khorza'an's Chosen, it was more accurate to say that he pondered over the decisions he had made so far.
"Is it really correct to be slaying these humans, even though they do not know of what is going on beyond their walls?" muttered Meirat to himself, thinking about the decision he made to head to Point Devann to reduce the chances of the humans successfully defending against an offensive from the orcs.
In his mind, it made a lot of sense. The offensive from the orcs would kill all of the Rank 5 humans that existed within the kingdom and force even the Rank 5 humans that remained hidden within the kingdom all this time to come out. Once those Rank 5 humans were gone, the only ones that would be able to replace them would be the Rank 4 humans, who would undergo special training to reach Rank 5.
However, with the decision he had made, he would increase the effects of the offensive done by the orcs, solely based on the fact that the humans would need a far longer time to accumulate a force capable of fighting against the offensive due to the lack of strong Rank 4 humans. With that thought in mind, Meirat thought to himself that he had more than fulfilled the objective of the mission he had received.
Yet, for some reason, Meirat felt a sense of guilt from what he was doing. After all, from what he had seen from the reactions of the humans he had killed, a great number of them were oblivious to the fact that the humans and orcs were on opposing sides. As someone who had been born before Khorza'an took his father's throne, the sheer innocence the humans had towards the situation hurt him even more.
"Are we… am I doing the right thing?" Asking this question to himself, Meirat let out a low sigh as he stood up, deciding to think more about it once their mission was over. However, just as he was about to head to another site to accompany his comrades…
"Guess I've finally come face to face with the boss." Letting out a bit of laughter, a man with tanned skin appeared a couple dozen meters away from Meirat, taking on a somewhat relaxed pose as he looked at the latter. "You do understand me, right?"
"I do." Slightly confused by the sudden question, Meirat nodded.
"Good." Hearing Meirat respond to him, the man grinned.
Whoosh!
"Since that's the case, I won't beat around the bush." Not long after, the man flared the entirety of his aura, the feeling it gave off similar to what one would feel while standing in front of a blazing inferno. Getting into a stance fit for battle, the man taunted Meirat to attack him.
"I'll be beating you to a pulp and ask you a couple of questions after we're done."
"How impertinent." In response, Meirat flared the entirety of his aura as well, the feeling it gave off being a stark contrast to the man's aura, giving off a feeling that was similar to a flowing river. Taking in a deep breath, the orc soon charged towards the man, deciding to take the initiative by attacking.
"Since you haven't been taught any manners, let me be the one to educate you."
"Intent of the Flowing River."
"[Cascading Azure Fist]."
"Hah! I'd like to see you try!"
"Intent of the Scorching Inferno!"
"[Blazing Roundhouse Impact]!"
Bang!
Chapter 448: A Surprising Decision
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"Grooaaarrrr!!!" Letting out an angered cry, a bear with fiery red fur swiped down at the young man in front of it without hesitation, its every move filled with the intent to kill. Unfortunately, no matter how much force the red bear put into its attacks, the young man was able to dodge it in the nick of time.
"I guess it's time for me to make my move." Seeing as he had more or less gotten used to the attack pattern of the enraged bear before him, the young man sucked in a bit of air as he clenched his right fist, sending it out at the very moment the red bear had shown one of the openings he was aiming for.
Bang!
Crack!
"Groooaaaarrrr!!!" With how much force the young man had put behind his attack, at the very moment his fist connected with the bear's upper torso, the latter was swiftly sent tumbling backward, accompanying it the bear's now pained cry. The bear only stopped tumbling backward after colliding with a nearby tree, which increased the rage the bear felt even further.
Whoosh!
However, just as the bear was about to dash to where the young man stood, the latter decided to take the initiative after feeling like he had already stalled for so long, appearing a couple of meters in front of the bear before disappearing from its field of vision a few seconds later.
"Grooo…" Faintly wondering how the young man it had been fighting against had just disappeared like that, the bear swiftly looked around its surroundings, hoping to find any traces it could use to find the young man. With its strength being enhanced out of nowhere, it felt like there was a high chance for it to be able to find where the young man was and satiate the urge that had welled up alongside the gain in strength it had gotten.
Yet, before it could even find a single hint as to where the young man was…
"Hyah!"
Bang!
"Grooooaaarrrr!!!" Out of nowhere, the young man landed a solid punch towards the bear's exposed back, which could only curve under the strength he had put into. Once more, the bear let out a pained cry, wondering to itself how the young man had gotten on top of the tree before it could find him.
Bang! Bang!
"Groooaaaaarrrgghhh!!!" Though, unlike before, where the bear would gain some sort of reprieve between the young man's attacks, the young man decided to land a couple more hits on the red bear, a pensive expression adorning his face as he hit spots on the bear's body that weren't considered vital by any means.
Nevertheless, with how much force the young man had put into his attacks, the red bear eventually succumb to the immense amount of damage it had accumulated, letting the pain it had received consume it as its consciousness gradually disappeared.
Ding!
[With a 5 level disparity between the user and the opponent, the amount of experience obtained shall be increased by 100%.]
[You have slain a Level 45 Red Dusk Bear (Rare Elite). You have gained 147,305 XP.]
"I guess I've already gathered more than enough data to confirm my hypothesis." Letting out a long, drawn-out sigh as he took a look at the notifications he had just obtained, Valyr decided to sit down on the ground for the meantime, recuperating the energy he had used so far. While doing so, he collated all of the information he had received from the fights he had done, closing his eyes every once in a while.
"In total, I've killed about 10 Red Dusk Bears and landed an average of 5 hits on each bear before they died from the damage." Muttering these words to himself, the gears in Valyr's mind madly turned. "Halving the damage obtained from some lucky critical hits, I could now say without a doubt that the effect the title has on the Damage Restriction System…"
"…is multiplicative." Adorning a bitter smile on his face, Valyr thought about the title's effect for a bit more, soon coming to the thought that it did not really matter whether the effect applied multiplicatively or additively. After all, against a being that was 50 levels higher than him, whether the effect was applied multiplicatively or additively, the damage he dealt would still be reduced by 90% either way.
"It's just a matter of how I get to that 90% damage reduction in the first place." Feeling a hint of regret that his small trip to Point Caelion seemed to be a waste of time due to his findings, the young man quickly thought about the other things he had gained from the experiment, such as an accurate gauge of his strength now that he was at the peak of Rank 2.
"In any case, now that I've confirmed how the effect works, I guess it's time for me to focus on upgrading the title even further." Bringing up the description of [Slayer of Ascendants] in front of him, Valyr swiftly focused his sights on the last few lines written on the screen. "Kill a thousand Mythic Elite tier monsters or higher, or kill a thousand beings at least 20 levels higher than me…"
"Well, considering how hard it is to find a Mythic Elite even with the help of the Mark of the Alltide, it's a no-brainer as to what I should choose." Making up his mind as he now had an idea of where to go next, Valyr went ahead and made his way back to the outpost surrounding Point Caelion, hoping to head back to Point Devann once he was there.
…
Whoosh!
"And we're back." Giving himself time to acclimate to his surroundings after being sent to travel through space once more, a wry smile gradually crept up onto Valyr's lips as he thought about the state of the outpost around Point Caelion before he teleported.
"Since the people at Point Caelion already know of the orc infiltration going on in Point Devann, I guess it would make sense that the other entrances already know of it as well." Though it did not really come as a surprise that the other entrances would eventually come to know of what was happening at Point Devann, it was the fact that the other entrances already knew what was going on that truly surprised Valyr.
After all, considering the amount of time that had passed between him and Zeik arriving at Point Devann and him just recently returning to Point Devann, only around three hours or so had passed since then.
"There is a bright side to them finding out this quickly, though," muttered Valyr to himself. "After all, that would mean that the kingdom would make its move far earlier than expected."
"However, I wonder if their move is early enough." Thinking about how much time had passed since he and Zeik had gone their separate ways, a hint of worry appeared on the young man's face, wondering whether Zeik had already come across the orcs and was safe.
"Well, he is a Rank 5 class holder, so I shouldn't worry too much." Deciding to believe in the man's words from before they parted ways, Valyr sped up his pace as he made his way to one of the official exits. While doing so, he thought about the site he was going to head to in order to make progress in upgrading [Slayer of Ascendants] to the next stage.
"Hmm… I guess it would be better for me to fight against monsters that are beyond 20 levels in order to ensure that I'd make progress." Valyr briefly scratched the back of his head. "Off to Site 5-S then."
"Whoa there, friend." Just as he had made up his mind on which site he was going, a man that looked to be in his early thirties stopped Valyr just as he was about to pass through one of the official exits. "I'd suggest you stay here in the outpost for the meantime, or leave the Akashic Battlefield and wait for another day."
"There are orcs currently roaming around the various sites, killing all of the humans they come across," the man continued, gazing at Valyr with a hint of concern. "I've obtained reports that even peak Rank 4 class holders are no match for these orcs, much less to say about a peak Rank 2 class holder like you."
"In fact, I'd highly recommend you to leave the Akashic Battlefield and return at some other time in the future." At these words, the man's expression turned serious. "After all, a peak Rank 2 class holder entering a site normally meant for Rank 4 class holders only means one thing."
"You have a great level of talent, and it would be a waste of that if you were to die because of them."
"I mean… you do have a point…" Though Valyr was slightly annoyed at first that a random stranger decided to block him from continuing onto the battlefield, as he continued to listen to the man's words, the more Valyr thought about what he was doing.
From the stranger's perspective, it was borderline suicidal for him to still have the courage to head out into the battlefield, even though the orc were slaying every human they saw on sight. With that, he eventually asked himself.
'Is it really necessary for me to upgrade the title as soon as possible?'
"Alright." With the question in mind, it did not take long for Valyr to make up his mind as he turned around and thanked the man for his suggestion, making his way back to the center of the outpost not long after in the hopes of hearing good news from Zeik.
Chapter 449: Save For Another Day
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"I wonder if Zeik is doing fine…" Deciding to stay within the outpost for the meantime after being dissuaded by a man with good intentions to not head into the battlefield, Valyr made the most of his time within the outpost by listening to reports regarding the orc infiltration, whether it be the number of casualties the orcs have taken with them, or the kingdom's response from the outside and how it would pan out.
Of course, while listening to these reports, the young man made sure to keep his eyes and ears open for any mention of a man that had similar characteristics to Zeik, or were pertaining to Zeik himself. Unfortunately, none of the reports he had listened to for the past couple of hours contained any mention of his escort fighting against the orcs, nor did it contain any mention of him appearing near the orcs in the first place.
Nevertheless, Valyr still chose to believe in the man's words, waiting for Zeik to give him a sign as the reports continued to flood into the outpost.
At some point while listening to the reports that came in, first-hand encounters with the orcs began to appear amongst the reports the people within the outpost had received, obtaining it from those that were lucky enough to escape the clutches of the orcs.
Though a few people within the outpost looked at it from the perspective that these few had only been able to escape since the orcs wanted them to show the control they had over their lives, that thought swiftly disappeared once these people listened to the first-hand reports of those that had escaped.
In the truest sense of the word, these people had luck on their side to be able to escape.
One report from those that had escaped told the story of a woman that was part of the first few groups that had come into contact with the orcs. Coming into the Akashic Battlefield with a group of people that boasted great combat power out in the battlefield, the woman's reality was quickly shattered into pieces once the orcs made their move, killing almost all of her comrades within a couple of large-scale attacks.
After that, seeing that there were still a few people that remained standing after the barrage of attacks, with all of them now frantically running for their lives, the orcs sent yet another wave of attacks at them without hesitation, the woman included.
However, unlike the others, who had unfortunately fallen due to the seemingly unending barrage of attacks the orcs had sent out, the woman had been able to rely on a last resort skill she had saved for times of great crisis, allowing her to escape, albeit in a condition that was best described as being a few inches short from dying.
Similar reports continued to trickle in as more time passed, with each report showcasing the ruthlessness and the domineering attitude the orcs had when it came to coming face to face with the humans. It was to the point that Valyr had a frown on his face after listening to all of it, reminding himself of the quest he had obtained from An'xhur.
'If every orc I'll come across in the future is as bloodthirsty as these orcs, then I guess I'm a few steps away from the starting point I initially thought I was at.' Letting out a low sigh as he walked around the streets of the outpost to briefly distract his mind from the chaos that was happening, Valyr suddenly stopped in his tracks just as a notification sound had resounded in his mind.
Ding!
[You have obtained a message from 'Zeik Verrthorne'.]
Feeling his heart beat faster in anticipation as he took a look at the notification he had received, Valyr swiftly commanded the system to bring up the chat function, soon reading the message Zeik had sent him.
"Hey, Valyr. Meet me at this location as soon as possible."
Whoosh!
Taking in a few deep breaths to not let the adrenaline get to him, Valyr eventually closed the screen he had brought up, mustering up all of the strength in his body as he soon dashed in the direction of the location Zeik had sent him.
…
"What…" At the very moment Valyr had arrived at the location, the young man thought that he would be meeting a Zeik that was more or less unharmed. Worst case scenario, the man would have a few grievous wounds that did not affect anything vital at all.
Yet…
"What happened to you?"
Hearing the question Valyr asked him, Zeik could only give the former a faint smile, which was already a miracle for him to achieve in his current condition. Almost every inch of his body seemed to be covered in wounds of all varying depths, some of which seemed to have been charred for a purpose.
Aside from that, the overall structure of his body looked to be misshapen, as if the man had forced himself into a tight space that made his body contort the way it was at the moment. Naturally, the man was also covered in a great amount of dried blood, the remnants of the clothes he was wearing earlier dyed crimson red because of it.
"Could you give me a health potion?" Just as Valyr was expecting Zeik to respond to his question, seeing as the man was trying to open his mouth, what greeted him instead was the chat function, within it the new message Zeik had just sent to him.
Swoosh!
Of course, seeing how his escort looked to be on the verge of death at any given moment, Valyr did not even waste a second in retrieving one of the health potions he had bought earlier from his spatial bracelet, removing the stopper before helping Zeik take a few sips of the viscous red fluid.
"Ngh… ahhh…" Letting out a faint cry of pain, Zeik felt the health potion do its thing within his body, fixing up his mangled internal organs first and foremost, which was something the young man did not notice. Fortunately, after his internal organs had been more or less fixed by the potion, the man gained a bit more strength, allowing him to take a few more sips of the health potion as his body's strong vitality did more work.
"Urgh…" Contorting his body in various ways as he worked with his vitality to realign his body into its proper form, Zeik was gradually returning to normal condition, prompting Valyr to inwardly let out a sigh of relief as he went ahead and gave the man a few more of his health potions to aid in the healing process.
Thanking the young man for helping him out at such short notice, Zeik went ahead and asked Valyr a question while he was still in the midst of healing.
"Say, did you head deep into the battlefield after we went our separate ways?"
"Pretty sure I didn't." Valyr shook his head. "I only stayed a bit at Site 2-S, made my way back to Point Caelion to do a few things, and then returned here and waited by the outpost to see if you would message me."
"That's good. That's good." Letting out a sigh of relief, Zeik nodded in response as he gave the young man a soft smile.
"…say, Valyr. Mind if I suggest something?"
"What is it?"
"How about… we end our journey into the Akashic Battlefield here and save it for another day?"
Chapter 450: A Moment To Ponder
MMORPG: Rise of the Primordial Godsmith
"The thought of continuing never even crossed my mind." With his eyes briefly widening in response to Zeik's suggestion, Valyr adorned a wry smile as he responded. "Well, it did at first while I was waiting for you."
"As long as you understand my intentions." In response to the young man's answer, Zeik let out a faint chuckle. "After all, it wouldn't be great if you were trying to increase your combat experience while death was lurking in every corner. Plus, even if you did want to continue, you'd be forced to leave the Akashic Battlefield either way, considering my somewhat precarious state."
"I mean… you did consume almost half of the health potions I bought. Even with that, you're still considered to be in a precarious state?" Raising one of his eyebrows, Valyr looked at the man with a knowing smile.
"Oh, definitely." Slightly grinning, Zeik took in a deep breath before standing up, proceeding to do a variety of basic movements in order to gauge how much he had recovered thanks to the health potions Valyr gave him. "All jokes aside, as someone who has fought against the orcs, it would be better for us to leave as soon as possible."
"…" Looking at the man in silence, Valyr eventually nodded in response, prompting Zeik to take the lead as they made their way back to Point Devann, with the young man following behind him. After listening to a couple more reports that had just come in at the very moment they had arrived near the teleportation point, the two of them eventually disappeared from Point Devann, appearing outside the Akashic Battlefield a few moments later.
…
"Even though you're already a Rank 5 class holder, you were still at a disadvantage against the orcs?" Once both Valyr and Zeik had left the Akashic Battlefield, a few people in guard uniforms quickly surrounded them as they asked the two a series of questions regarding the orc infiltration, as well as a series of questions to ascertain their identity. Knowing the intentions of the guards in their questioning, the two were highly cooperative, allowing them to make their way back to Algerie Kingdom a few minutes later.
"It's not surprising for some at the lower class ranks to be able to surmount the gap to fight against those at a higher class rank, considering that someone like you exists. In any case, even though the orc I fought was one rank lower than me, I was still at a disadvantage in many aspects." Naturally, as one of the many protectors of Algerie Kingdom, Zeik gave the guards more information regarding the orcs before they left, with the man narrating his experience against the orcs to Valyr not long after as they made their way back.
"Was the orc really that strong?" Still somewhat doubtful as to whether or not he had made the right choice in not continuing to head to the battlefield, Valyr threw Zeik a question.
"Definitely." Zeik nodded without hesitation. "Not only were his stats on par against someone like me, the Intent he had control over had a nature that was the exact opposite of the Intent I have control over."
"If not for that, I would have been able to escape only slightly injured." At these words, Valyr remained silent, trying to calculate in his mind the strength of the orc Zeik had fought against. After that, he pitted himself against this orc in his imagination, wondering what his chances of winning against such a foe roughly were.
"Haah…" Letting out a low sigh as he came to the conclusion that he would still undoubtedly lose even with his Mythic class giving him greater stats, Valyr decided not to think about more what-ifs for the meantime, instead asking Zeik more about the orcs and the orc infiltration along the way.
…
"Well, I guess this is where we'll be truly heading our separate ways." Standing near the entrance of the Blacksmith Guild, Zeik looked at Valyr with a slightly awkward smile. "Of course, that's just for the meantime. After all, as a commander of the Combat Specialist Division, I need to report the happenings within the Akashic Battlefield and aid the kingdom in its retaliation against the orcs."
"Naturally, I'll try to find time for when we head out to the Akashic Battlefield again and finish that journey of yours."
"Take as much time as you need," said Valyr in response as he nodded. "I still gained quite a bit from the Akashic Battlefield, even though I only did a bit of fighting there."
"Anyways, please do keep me up to date on the situation regarding the orc infiltration if possible."
"I'll definitely try to do so." Leaving Valyr with these parting words, the two finally went on their separate ways, with Zeik heading deeper into the Blacksmith Guild, while the young man made his way back to the inn where he and Wells stayed.
"What should I do next…?" As he made his way back to the inn at what was an unusual time for him to head back, Valyr began to think about all of the things that he still needed to do aside from heading to the Akashic Battlefield. Though, after going through these tasks of his, his mind briefly went blank, only for him to wonder why he was doing the tasks in the first place.
'As far as I know, I'm doing these tasks in order to become stronger,' thought Valyr to himself, inwardly nodding as the answer made sense. However, as he pondered over it a bit further, looking at the tasks he had set himself to accomplish from a different perspective, he quickly noticed that there was something odd about how the tasks were arranged.
With that, another question arose from deep within his mind.
'Am I doing everything too quickly?'
"Haah…" With multiple thoughts swirling in his mind just as he asked this question, Valyr eventually arrived at the inn, with Wells greeting him on how his day was just as he had entered. Though, rather than respond to it like he would usually do and catch up on what the other side was doing, the young man looked at Wells for a bit before giving him an apologetic smile.
"Sorry. Could you just give me a bit of time to think over some things?"
